 Your computer generated questionaire was much appreciated . IT REMINDED ME THAT THIS IS ONE OF -LRB- NOW -RRB- FOUR ORDERS ONLINE THAT HAVE NOT BEEN RECEIVED . I checked my bank records and it was paid for -- please ship !!!!
 PROBLEMS : -LRB- 1 -RRB- within a month of installation , I started getting the message that my subscription for updates had expired . -LRB- 2 -RRB- programs running java ran EXTREMELY slowly , taking up massive CPU cycles -LRB- IBM Thinkpad T43 , 1.5 GB RAM , latest Java release from Sun -RRB- SOLUTION : uninstalled ZoneAlarm & reinstalled Trend Micro .
 Not a bad product , the only problem I am having is that the automatic updates do not work . Have to manually download updates from the website.I suppose I am getting better protection if i am using a Pro version , but not really sure.Spyware never seems to update when i click on the `` update spyware '' link , alwasy reads `` not responding '' . If I could go back in time , I would have stayed with the free version.I would n't recommend it nor would I buy it again .
 I was given Zone alarm as part of a package with another piece of software that I needed for work . From the minute I installed zone alarm I knew it was a mistake . Zone Alarm has two modes
 I used the free ZoneAlarm version for some time and had no problems . So I purchased the version 3.0 and the trouble started ; Slow operation and stoppages . I lived with it because I needed a firewall especially on my laptop . I really wish I had stayed with the free version . I 've had many problems with slow operating speeds and frequent stoppages that do n't happen when ZoneAlarm 's not running . The latest example , however , was the final straw . I was on my IBM 360 WIN ME laptop last night trying to download some financial data when my ZoneAlarm instantiated itself -LRB- I did n't have it running because it slows the system down so much -RRB- put up a warning page and absolutely blocked my further accessing the internet via Explorer until I reset my ZoneAlarm to start on bootup.I was also blocked from using the control panel to remove the ZoneAlarm software . In the end I had to delete the ZoneAlarm software myself and was able then to reaquire internet access . I do n't know what provoked the instantiation . I do n't care . I 'm fed up . I 'm tired of screwing with it . I will , however , be looking elsewhere for a firewall . If you purchase ZA you may get lucky and have it work for you . It 's a crapshoot . Do you feel lucky?Bill Gordon
 The Windows XP kept crashing my system . The customer support engineer was helpful but provided list of insturctions that anyone would lose patience to try lenghty workaround.Try Kerio , Norton or someone else 's
 There are big * UNRESOLVED * compatibility issues with Word 2003 . The `` Cite While You Write '' feature does n't work , which is a big deal . Do n't be fooled by the endnote.com Web site -- their seemingly easy fix does n't work.Don ' t believe me ? Do a quick Internet search on Endnote 7 and Word 2003 compatibility . Many have had problems .
 Their older versions worked perfect . But their new versions are so buggy since Endnote 6.0 , e.g. memory leaks , word slowdown and freeze . Now , when I try 7.0 , it always pops up an error saying `` Endnote is waiting for user information , please go back to Endnote program '' ? There is no information on their tech support page as well . I really doubt what those guys are doing for such an expensive software .
 I recently bought version 7 of Endnote for Mac OS X , and after downloading all the suggested updates for both Endnote and MS Word it crashed seriously many times . Although the software looks like a great tool , it is not ready for the Mac yet . Hopefully future versions will work , instead of crashing hard .
 This is probably the worse excuse for a commercial software package than I have seen in 20-years . The documentation , including the online PDF manual is useless , following some cosmic logic that would suppose if you threw 2 different 500-piece jigsaw puzzles into the air it would come down as a single completed picture . I spent 3-hours trying to make the ID3 functions work correctly and only 25 % of the time would files get updated correctly , but often even some of those would mysteriously later blank out the data in the fields . The manual proudly declares this is `` an intuitively constructed program , '' - perhaps if you are a schizophrenic monkey . The producer touts a so many great options available with this program that I 'm sure some of them are bound to work - but after wasting 4-hours with this turkey , I could n't find many -LRB- even after downloading their `` update . '' -RRB- Consumer beware , this product is junk !
 I bought this program because I owned an old version of Magix Audio Cleaning Lab which for its time was great ! This idiotic program wo n't even load properly and now that it is partially on my computer it has taken over control so that I get error messages when I try to run iTunes or even the Windows player . I have tried several methods -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to uninstall it and have decided that to get rid of it I will have to reformat my hard drive . I have NEVER bought such a piece of trash in my life . And forget the company 's customer service also - more like customer dis-service .
 I had the misfortune of buying this software after using Cakewalk Pyro 2003 . All I can say is , you get what you pay for . I tried installing this on 2 different computers , recording did n't work on either one . No volume control , shows recording , but when I tried to play back ... nothing . Tried to get help online -LRB- of course no phone support on this cheapie -RRB- . No luck . What a disappointment . I 'll buy Pyro again in a minute , but this dog ? Forget it .
 The CDDB database flat out does not work at all which renders the program essentially useless . And you can forget MAGIX support or the user forum . AVOID THIS PRODUCT !!
 I bought this software because I used an older version of mp3 maker but it started having some problems . Since I liked the product for it 's simplicity and functionality I decided to buy this newer version . What a horror ! To get full mp3 functionality you have to register the product and then you get a code send by email . Does n't sound to complicated , does it ? I tried everything in my power to get this code , but in vain . Costumer service sucks , it only works by mail or life chat . All my chatpartner gave me was the same instructions from the program 's help menu ! A call would cost you - no kidding - $ 25 !!! So now its rotting in some landfill for throwing away is the only thing left to do .
 How can I perform all those features listed with this product when even the CDDB does not work . I install the program and nothing works right . The AudioID that 's supposed to give me track info takes a long ... long ... time for each track . I feel like I wasted my money . I have older versions of MP3 makers and they worked better than this supposed updated one . Do n't you test anything before you send it out for sale ? I am extremely disappointed and this supposedly cool software is just going to sit and collect dust.Useless!S.K . from New York
 I bought this in hopes of helping a 7 yr old improve his spelling and reading.Although the title includes the year 2006 , I 've seen better-looking software published in 1996 . I was so disappointed , especially since I had passed over similar titles costing $ 19.95 because I thought $ 39.95 would buy more content and better quality.Still , after getting over my initial surprise , I thought that I should at least give it a good try . Then I discovered another shocker ; although the box says Grades 1-5 / Ages 6 + , the reading and spelling software is for ages 9-12 ! It says so when you load it.Still , I ventured further . I looked at all the reading lessons , activities , and games ... I say ALL , when in fact there is only one thing on the program . One lousy game that I could n't even figure out how to play . There are no `` lessons '' or `` activities '' , just this one awful game.So ... I gave up and looked at the spelling program . So pitifully poor ! I do n't recommend this software title to anyone for any reason.Admittedly , I have n't loaded the other CD 's -LRB- foreign languages , math , science , etc -RRB- . And I do n't think I will . I can think of better ways to waste hard drive space.I am so disappointed ! And terribly discouraged . I do n't think I will be buying anymore learning software . This was my first , and it has put me off the idea altogether .
 This product will NOT work if you have Windows XP . First of all , you would have to give your child administrator rights to change your computer settings to use this product . Bad idea.Second , we ca n't even install the software even after approving the administrative rights . We get constant error messaages . The technical support site for this software is designed so that you can not even submit your request unless you jump through about a million hoops.Save your money and the hassles that you will have trying to make this work on your computer .
 This software is bundled with five cd 's offering lessons in earth science , typing , reading and spelling , social studies and writing , critical thinking , basic math , foreign languages , and fractions . The installation of these programs is unacceptable . Some of the programs will not load on XP . Some of the programs are run from the CD 's . As for the actual software , some are 1996 , 1997 , 2000 written programs with limited offerings . Some of these programs contain old code written for Windows 95 , 98 . Some of the programs will not load the complete software on the hard drive . So you are stuck having to change cd 's when changing programs . I would love to see who evaluated this program for the Parents Choice Foundation . My children were not happy with the software offered . I will be returning it tomorrow .
 I am in the same boat with the other reviewer other than I can not return this program . I do n't know who voted these the parents choise because they do n't intall properly . The content and graphic take me back to the early 90 's when computers where getting big . Jump-Start and Knowlege Adventure programs are much better and keeping the kids wanting to play . Basicly only my 5 years old will play the spanish game , when it works .
 Unfortunatley I bought this software before I read the reviews , and I absolutely agree with the other reviewers -LRB- elementary and middle school -RRB- that this software is awful , garbage , etc , etc. . If you manage to work through the installation problems you will find the content utterly boring . This software has been returned .
 My best advice is to save your money and do more research on other products . The fancy box is misleading as the software is terribly outdated .
 I wish I would had read the review before I spent the $ 40 on this software ... it does n't load correctly on XP -LRB- een though the box says it 's XP compatible -RRB- and my son found the contant boring ... it ; s going back today ...
 We bought the Elementary Advantage 2007 - can not even load it - we agree w / the above . Amazon should n't even attempt to sell this product .
 Simply put , the manufacturer of this product shows no interest in upgrading it to be compatible with the latest copyright protection software . I own a laptop with a large hard drive , and I purchased this product so that I would not have to haul all of my game CDs around with me . Of the games I play regularly , only one was supported by GameDrive . Actually , Neverwinter Nights also worked fine until it was upgraded to the Shadows of Undrentide expansion , as well . I reported the incompatibility to the manufacturer in May , and was told a fix was coming `` in the next few weeks . '' It is now nearly December.Do yourself a favor and head over to www.alcoholsoftware.com instead of wasting your money on this package . Alcohol 52 % has been absolutely flawless for me .
 PROS > GameDrive by Fogware Publishing is very easy to use , with an excellent interface . Everything is easy to find , and with LiveUpdate , it 's easy to keep up with newer versions that are released.CONS > Now for the BIG problem ... There is no list -LRB- that I could find anyway -RRB- of compatible games . I mainly wanted to use it for Unreal Tournament 2003 ; in fact , that was my main reason for buying it . Guess what ... UT2003 does n't work with GameDrive . If I knew it did n't work with this particular game , I would NOT have bought it.If you do n't mind all of the hard drive space it takes -LRB- approx . 650MB-700MB per game -RRB- , and not knowing if it will work with your games , then buy it . As for me , I 'll stay away from future products from Fogware Publishing unless they produce a compatability list.CONCLUSION > DO NOT BUY GameDrive , unless you can be sure it will work with your games . BUT WAIT !! ... no compatibility list means there is no way to see if it works with your games unless you buy it . hmmmmm ... *** -LRB- 04-04-2003 -RRB- UPDATE : > I decided to try this with my laptop , so I do n't have to carry around CDs . It still did n't work with an old game like Mortal Kombat 4 . This product is USELESS to me . I repeat , `` DO NOT BUY !! '' . ***
 This is a review of Farstone 's VirtualDrive -LRB- identical to Farstone 's GameDrive -RRB- . I have two key complaints about this product.First , the company does n't offer any reasonable upgrade options . I purchased version 7 almost exactly five months ago and the only option available to upgrade to version 8 is to purchase the product again at full price.Second , the product is not compatible with the copy protection used with the Hoyle 2004 games . Farstone says they 're working on a fix , which will be available using Live Update . Of course , the version I have does n't support Live Update - I 'll need to upgrade to version 8 to get this feature -LRB- see paragraph above -RRB- . On the plus side , this product does work with SimCity 3000 , Crazy Taxi , Warcraft BNE , and older Hoyle games . However , the problems above pretty much kill this product as far as I 'm concerned . I 'll look for an alternative product instead of purchasing version 8 .
 I bought this product last year when it first came out . Like the software advertises , I want to run my games without having to swap my CDs back and forth . Well , guess what ? None of my games worked with this product . I can understand that they may not support the newer games , but older games that I owned also does n't work with it -LRB- Ghost Recon , Dunegon Siege , and countless others -RRB- . I checked their support site and pretty much every game I entered it came back with `` Not tested ! '' . I sent an e-mail last year and the support group replied back saying `` they will have an update in a few weeks '' . Well , guess not , six months later and no update is in sight . I finally gave up and threw the disk in the garbage can.Basically , the product does not work as adverties -LRB- do n't work with a LOT of games -RRB- , support is horrible , and good luck thinking that this software will keep up with the latest games .
 i spent $ 30 for gamedrive 8.0 -LRB- farstone -RRB- . i wish i could take it back . it messed up my desktop , the quick-launch toolbar had a black background , and all the icons shifted to the right , over by the clock , instead of being near the start button . also the bar accross the top of the favorites folder turned black . i tried installing it on another computer and got the same results , so i know it was n't the computer . i tried reinstalling video drivers , changing desktop color schemes , nothing would fix the problem until i reinstalled internet explorer . that got rid of the black background , but the icons are still over to the right . i reinstalled internet explorer on the other computer , and got the same results , no more black background but icons still to the right . i tried reinstalling gamedrive8 , and sure enough , the problem was back . i had to reinstall explorer again to fix it . beyond that , i 've only been able to get it to work with one old game , need for speed 3 . i could n't get it to work with railroad tycoon 3 , or max payne . i think i 'll try http://www.alcohol-software.com/ next time as suggested by someone else in this forum .
 First off this program is not what it says . The program only backs up old games that have been out for months and even then they 're far and few between . Then I had to contact Farstone -LRB- the program 's company -RRB- to get a better serial code because it wanted me to pay and additional amount of money so I could use their shotty update system to back up new games -LRB- which does n't matter because they update it every other month with not so impressive games anyways -RRB- . But the kicker was that while I was updating their patches , the file got corrupted and crashed my computer . I tried to contact Farstone to at least find out what was in the update and they would not even talk to me ! Steer clear of any program with Farstone .
 As another reviewer said , the makers of GameDrive do not publish a comprehensive list of compatible games , and this is a big problem . I have found that GameDrive does not work with my three current favorites
 Since I travel quite a lot , I purchased GameDrive8 to avoid the burden and risk of carrying a dozen + CDs . I consider myself a savvy computer user -- Ph.D. in engineering from MIT -- still , after reading the manual and online information , I finally gave up getting this program to run . There is no product support for GameDrive
 Save your money , especially if you 're on a Mac.The program is sluggish even on a fast computer -LRB- you can count 5-10 seconds before windows open up -RRB- . Its auto-completion algorithm distractingly flashes alternative search text when you try to type something in -- and slows that down , too!On a Mac , the program runs inside of a window -- with tiny Windows menus -LRB- those distracting items with underlines for keystrokes -RRB- on a thin Windows toolbar and uses Windows windows -LRB- with a series of small icons in the upper right corner -RRB- . No Aqua or brushed metal interface , no red-yellow-green window controls . All this , even though it is running under OS X.I 've had windows open up such that the close/zoom controls are off the screen and no amount of moving the window around will bring them back ! The windows are actually confined within another window and do not behave like Mac windows where you can slide a window to and fro.The program takes forever to launch also . And would n't you know it , in spite of the much vaunted supposed thoroughness of EB , one of the very first thing I searched for -- the variations in Earth-Sun distance -- was not readily available . Others have noted how sparse and poor the multimedia offerings are . I loved the hard copy EB , but this does n't live up to that . I had much better luck with Grolier 's Encyclopedia , but that was in the OS 9 days.I got this FREE as part of a TurboTax promotion and , even so , I am ready to delete it from my hard drive !
 I had trouble with this from the moment I installed it on my computer . When I did a system restore I had further trouble . When I did it again it did n't even work , it froze on me . I can not get in touch with the support team . You have to pay for the call to them and usually you can not get through to them . They do not return you calls . I would never buy another product from them again .
 I bought this program with some knowledge of how to play the guitar and reading music but this program is terrible . The lessons are very short and I think the lessons start out at a intermediate level , even though they 're considered basic in the eyes of Magix ; assuming you can already read music and apply it to the guitar strings in a matter of a short time ; does n't work that way . Pick another product and skip this one . I usually enjoy Magix ' programs but this one is just bad .
 This software come with two cds the guitar lessons cd really sucks and the second cd is a lite version of magix music maker that come with some loops to make your own songs while you jam along with your guitar .
 Chat monitor failed to install correctly initially and because of that it became extraordinarily difficult to uninstall what did load . I had to use a program which would do a deep search on my registry . Uninstalling XP 's service pack 2 made it possible to actually install the product but then it consistently failed to record chats regardless of numerous attempts to reinstall and change possible program parameters . Support is useless to the point of being non-existent . Do yourself a favour and look elsewhere for a chat monitor .
 This software is a total waste of money . Once you install it , you have the option to run a software update . Once you run this update , the software stops functioning properly and you get a database error whenever you boot your computer . The setup I used was Windows XP Home Edition with SP1 and Internet Explorer 6 SP1 . I emailed technical support -LRB- which is only available in a pay-per-incident basis or free through email ... and email is a minimum 2 day wait for a response -RRB- . Tech support suggested I uninstall and reinstall the software which did n't work . I 'm still waiting to hear back from them on how to REALLY fix the problem but I 'm not expecting much . This software is almost as pathetic as their Net Nanny 5 software which can actually keep your web browser from displaying anything , blocked or otherwise . I would look elsewhere for content filtering and monitoring software .
 This was perhaps one of the WORST products I have ever tried to install on my computer . They have NO technical support at all . If you have a problem all they tell you is to do is un-install then re-install the product.This product failed to install and failed to monitor my children 's chats . I reached out 4 or 5 times for help and got nothing . I will tell anyone I can NOT to waste their money on this product.SAVE YOUR MONEY ... . GET ANOTHER PRODUCT . . NOT THIS ONE !!!
 I wish I had read the other reviews of this product before purchasing it . I have had the same issues installing , and lack of customer support from BioNet . It does n't log chat and it does n't save settings of chat programs to block . This is a waste of money .
 This software is very difficult to work with . Installation is especially difficult and the only way you can get help is if you pay almost $ 20 for a support call . I found the instructions very scant and after installing it , decided the hassles of getting it to run properly were not worth the trouble . I would try a number of the free downloads first available on CNET . Ended up uninstalling the software . Also , looked at all the reviews from USA Today and Reuters and they all say this software is either `` clunky '' or needs more patches .
 I went to install Net Nanny Chat monitor following their installation instructions exactly . Unfortunately Net Nanny requires you to turn off any Internet security programs to install the software . After I installed the software and then restarted my computer per the installation instructions , I received a Windows message labeled `` Windows NT Authority System . '' My PC then went into an endless restarting mode whereupon I lost total control of my PC . I contacted Net Nanny through phone and email and a tech support staff member responded by phone and told me that the Chat Monitor software makes the same RPC calls that triggers the Blaster Worm virus . Net Nanny attempted to provide me with minimal support to fix the problem but ultimately had me contact my manufacturer , Dell . I was very diligent in keeping my Virus definitions up to date and running them and had installed Microsoft security patches . I did not have the Virus before attempting to install this software as far as I know .
 I did n't have any problems loading the software , but it is n't recording all of the chat sessions . The summary report says that there were 35 sessions , yet only 10-15 files are sent . It is incapable of properly recording ICQ chats , even though it claims it can . Information at the website indicates that there is a patch to `` ungarble '' ICQ chats , but when I attempted to load the patch I received a message that my software was already up to date . I wrote to tech support , got an auto response , but never heard from them again . Internet Explorer crashes constantly on each of the computers that I have installed this software on , and we were n't having that problem prior to installation . I am uninstalling it and looking for something else .
 I purchased Net Nanny 's Chat Monitor in order to monitor my childrens ' AOL/AIM conversations . I found that when using AIM , all incoming portions of the conversation had the error message `` may contain unsupported text '' when only text -LRB- no icons -RRB- were being used . I contacted the website and updated the program as instructed and still received incomplete chat recordings . I contacted Technical Support 4 different times , received confirmation of their receipt of my question but never received any help beyond that . In order to get `` live '' support , I would have had to pay an additional $ 19.95 per incident . This was a total waste of money and is now uninstalled on my machines ...
 I bought this item without reading the reviews and now I 'm kicking myself for getting it . It does n't record the full conversations like it said it would . It 's a big waste of time and money !
 If you already have an older version of Britannica , do not waste your time and money with this product . It has much better interface than 2002 or 2003 version , but as compared with Encarta 2004 or Concise Britannica -LRB- 2002 -RRB- it is completely outdated!Examples : - Encarta 2004 and Concise Britannica say that Mobil and Exxon are former names -LRB- companies -RRB- and that the new company is named Exxon Mobil Corp. -LRB- since 1999 -RRB- . But Britannica 2004 -LRB- Deluxe -RRB- says Mobil and Exxon are still independent companies -LRB- the last date mentioned is 1972 for Exxon and 1988 for Mobil -RRB- . - Concise Britannica say that Merida , Mexico , had a population of 557,000 in 1990 -LRB- Encarta 2004
 While feature rich -LRB- 16 tracks , etc -RRB- , it just does n't work as advertised . Stay away from this one ! The software fails to pick up scene changes , first of all , making it a very labor intensive operation to do scene cuts . Next , the timeline editing is very difficult to work with when one wants to cut sections of a video . Finally , after working all day on a video , it failed to recognize my CD burner , which has not had a problem yet in any other application . This is a relatively new Dell P4 with 1GB of memory , etc. . I got a DLL error and when I went to the Magix site to download a patch , it still failed to write.I want my money back , but more importantly , I want my TIME back . What a waste . Now I have to call tech support , but they are only open on East Coast hours . Very convenient for them , but not so for me.Lesson learned is stick with a branded company , such as Adobe . Your time is worth something !
 One call to Magix technical support will make you realize that these guys are sharks . It 's obvious that there 's one guy for each division of support and the one I talked to for video talked and behaved more like a drug dealer than a software professional . I called and e-mailed him for weeks and all he did was make up reasons for why it was my and everyone else 's fault and not the software or his obvious incompetence . He insisted there were several solutions but volunteered none over the phone whenever I spoke with him . He said he would e-mail me information many times and when it never arrived , blamed my e-mail . One last time I tried to get him to provide some solution over the phone and he only became increasingly belligerent as I politely pleaded with him to help me . The software looks pretty , but what 's inside is ugly .
 This product is a total waste . Yes it 's cheaper than the rest , for good reason . Bad interface , bad instructions ... stay away !
 I work with computers for a living , so after `` Norton Internet Security 2003 Professional Edition '' brought my computer to a grind , I was able to restore it to the pre-installation state . Others may not be so lucky.First , if you have a router , you do n't need Norton firewall , your router is the firewall . To verify for yourself , search for phrase `` Symantech security check '' in Google and run their program to validate.Second , if you do need a software firewall , stay away from this product - it will only cause you grief and eventually you 'll have to deinstall it to get any work done.If you still decide to get it , try to get it for free to save on amount of frustration when you start using it .
 This product is terrible ! I 've never had a piece of software that not only refused to work out of the box , but actually caused more damage to my system than any virus ! I was all excited to install this , due to Norton 's reputation for making good products . This is a monsterously invasive program that will take over your computer . Good luck with uninstalling it without formatting your hard drive . I 've nver seen such a bad product from what I thought was such a good company .
 I purchased NIS 2003 to replace an installed version of NIS 2001 . Big mistake ! Would not write over it . NO customer support the only respone I got was `` strange error codes '' go to the online help problem respone pages and see if those errors are listed . I should have went there first NUMEROUS complaints similar to mine , would not load and many users were dead in the water they could not get back online ! Long and short of it yesterday I recieved a refund check ... no questions asked ! What does that tell you !
 After I installed this software , I noticed dramatic decrease in Internet speed and reluctance when loading pages . I guess it has to do with it 's web filtering options.The banner blocking is sometimes too intrusive and other times does n't work at all -LRB- you still get some pop-ups -RRB- . My biggest disappointed is realizing the Anti-Virus Professional software does n't install on Windows 2000 Server version . So basiclaly I paid more money to get the professional version of the Virus software but I ca n't use it because it did n't mention anything in the pruchase section about this sever limitation.I do n't recommend this software at all ! I will uninstall it and revert back to Black Ice . It 's much faster , effective , and less intrusive . It 's unfortunate I ca n't return this software anymore and wasted my money . The only good think I can think of is pop-up prevention , and this is why I give it one star .
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 This was the biggest mistake I have made in purchasing software.The software loaded with errors and worse of all I could not get back on line to get assistance etc. . I ended up talking to Dellto get rid of it . Would not even uninstall with the typical steps . I thank Dell for the help and nothing to Symantec .
 At first , Majix Hip-Hop maker can seem above any dj program . But switch to an even less complex one , Hip Hop E-Jay for instance , and you will find Majix 's program easily defeated . It is the lack of sounds and videos to chose from that leads to the major bore . If you see this program on sale for $ 10 or less , go for it . If not , do n't waste your money .
 I think that Techno is a good music . I like the product . When I listen to the sounds and put them all together , they sound neat . You should buy it . Games I recommend
 I just got this . First screen that comes up notifies you that , due to licensing problems , you ca n't download the version on your CD anymore -- you have to download a newer version from a web site . Lord knows why they 're selling something you ca n't use -- especially since they know you ca n't use it , given the banner that pops up telling you so!I downloaded the newer version -- but it does n't work well . I get loads of runtime errors and the program shuts down . For example , I ca n't open an existing PDF -- the program crashes . Neither can I go to the `` secure '' part of the menu without a crash.Pretty pathetic and extremely disappointing . Do n't buy it .
 It is an old version windows 98 , it did n't say that anywhere . I did find a way to make it work on my pc , but then I had to uninstall it because it was quirky and would freeze and/or flash from time to time . I would n't recommend it unless you have an old pc running windows 95 or 98 . It was a cute game when it worked .
 It installed assorted other programs , slowed my system down BIG TIME , and caused many , many problems and conflicts.AVOID this completely.I did the `` update '' required the day it arrived , made things WORSE!Waste of money , much better things out there for free . -LRB- Spybot , Spywareblaster , etc. . -RRB-
 Roxio 's Creator 8 Suite raised the bar in affordable multimedia editing . Its box reads ` Everything you need to copy , edit and burn ` Unfortunately , if you are not familiar with Roxio , the process after purchasing Creator 8 can be annoying and antagonizing.Roxio Creator 8 offers over 25 integrated software programs in one box
 Looking at the reviews , my problem is not a rare occurrence.i received this cd-rom software that was defective . I emailed them 3 times but never got a response . they only responded after a complaint was put through amazon . I would n't buy anything else from oc tech .
 This program is just `` OK '' . The bad parts about it are that it is a fairly crappy production in its layout and overall quality . You cant control where you want to go in the lessons for example , once you 're past a point where it says `` lets try some new keys ! '' , and you 're like
 Just look for another product . But if you like to waste time , like make it run . This make it extremly bad .
 Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Deluxe 17 Win/MacWent south after a week or so .
 I purchased the Mavis Beacon -LRB- Version 17 -RRB- to increase my typing speed . I do n't bother using it much because I have to change the pixel size of my screen to make it small enough to fit . Then the appearance is a little too small for my liking . After my lesson , I have to change the pixel size back again . As a result , I do n't bother using it much . Fortunately , I also purchased Typing Instructor Deluxe -LRB- Version 17 -RRB- and I am very happy with it ! It is easy to navigate , has very pleasant graffics , lots of variety and features , and loaded up perfectly -LRB- Win XP Home -RRB- . Typing Instructor Deluxe has everything you need and is fun , too !
 Almost new PC with Windows XP and all upgrades . This program purchased and wo n't even run . Borderbound 's tech support is pathetic - basically nothing at all on this product.We have never had a problem with any other program running on this Dell computer.I would not recommend this at all . It 's a paperweight and a total waste of money . Ca n't speak to features since it wo n't even run .
 Mavis Beacon is terrible . This review will be short because I still do n't know how to type . This is a very crude program with lots if glitches . It `` forgets to teach you entire lessons . You ca n't find these lessons and access them on your own . You ca n't go back in its History function and repeat areas you have trouble with . It quizes on keys it has n't taught you . It is just as bad on Windows as Mac . There must be something better out there .
 I am trying to learn how to type properly . This program goes waaay to fast for the beginer . So , if you do n't need to learn how to type , then why buy this product at all ? I feel like this program is trying to teach me how to type in one day - rush , rush . Typing is based on the principle of muscle memory , and one or two days is just way to fast !!
 It 's not so much that it crashes periodically , as that the user interface is ancient , and they have n't bothered to update it at all . This might have been a reasonably decent program once . It is n't now .
 Unable to load -LRB- multiple attempts -RRB- successfully into either Windows XP or Vista . Corrupted . Avoid this product or if you have to buy it , get it from a local retailer so it will be easy to return .
 This is a terrible product . The navigation is awful . If you repeat lessons over , it will count them as if you took additional new learning lessons and then skip over those lessons it thinks you took when you were practicing old lessons over . Once it has `` advanced '' you to a new level , whether you took the lessons or not , there is no going back . The only way to get to the lessons it skipped over is to start over from the beginning again . If you need more practice that it allows before advancing you , you will be miserable with this product and the lack of ability to navigate and go back and repeat lessons . I wasted my money on this and am now searching for another typing program that is better , more flexible , and less frustrating to use .
 I purchased this for a nephew who struggles with math . He was able to use it twice , then it would never open again on his computer . I installed it on my computer , it opened once and I could never get it to open again . I would have returned it , but I did not keep the receipt because I have NEVER had a problem with anything I have purchased on Amazon . Do n't waste your money on this product . I should have read the reviews before I made the purchase .
 This game is awful . The instructions are non-existent , there is no way to solve questions quickly and directly , there is no way to register your answers immediately . My 8 year old , who has mastered Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 among other games , found this game frustrating and annoying . If you are looking for a game to help your kids improve their math skills , this is not it . Buy the flash cards and save your money for college .
 This CD should be priced at $ 5.00 . The graphics will not keep your child 's attention and it 's pretty lame . It was a wasted purchase , I have to bribe my child to use it , because it so boring .
 Ordered this twice . Never received it through USPS . Supose that had I opted for expressed shipping I would have received it.Gave up!However , I have used this on my previous p.c and realized that its a wonderful programme for kids . Might try to order again later .
 This concept is good but the user interface and playability is terrible . My 7-year old was frustrated with being forced to use the keyboard and no mouse . And we could n't figure out a way to go back to the main menu without exiting the game . And playing a later level requires you to go through all the earlier levels . And ... did they actually test this thing on humans ? What a waste of potential . It is a good concept .
 My son had an earlier version of Math Blaster , it was wonderful . I saw this new version and expected more of the same . WRONG !! After 10 minutes of loud sounds , and pulsing video , he was complaining . It was impossible to focus on what he should do with all the distracting background stuff . Never could get to a point where learning might take place . Wish I could get my money back.After this disaster , we purchased Mia 's Math Adventure . This was more in tune with the first Math Blaster .
 I bought this for my two sons , ages 6 and 8 , to help them develop speed with their memory math skills . What a disappointment . Even when they do know the answer quickly it can take them a good minute to find the actual answer in the game . Each playtime you must start from the beginning a work back up to where you left off . Good for review but it takes so long to get to the levels where practice is really needed . I wish I 'd purchased a different product .
 I just got a 2006 version of math blasters , I played it for a while and I thought that it was really frustrating and it didnt help me at math at all ! I think that anyone who plays it will probably fall right to sleep when they start playing ! The box it came in said it was for age 6-12 but I think it is for 6 or 7 year old kids . I really dont think this is a good game to play .
 Let 's assume that like most people browsing these games , you want a game that will help your child either practice his math facts or reinforce/learn math concepts . If this is what you want , then keep on looking because this is not the game for you . If you want a game that has lots of noise and moving around with a very minimal amount of math added in an awkward manner , then this would be the game for you.As someone who actually wanted a math game for my child to practice math with , this is by far the worst math program for my son . As others have pointed out , you 're required to run around and jump from ledge to ledge to catch numbers that will add up to the correct answer . That means that even if you know the correct answer , you spend almost all of your time trying to catch numbers.There may be lines at some people 's houses to play this , but I can guarantee that those kids are n't getting much math practice . Nice idea for a game , abysmal execution .
 I bought this thinking it was an updated version of a Mathblaster computer game my older kids had years ago . It was a good review tool and they liked it . But this new Mathblaster is nothing like the old one . It is trying so hard to appeal to modern kids who play video games that there is too much gaming with very little math thrown in . I 'm not happy with it at all since it 's not really reviewing much math . My 9yo son sort of likes it because it 's basically just another video game . But he does n't really play it that much .
 I purchased this 2007 version through Scholastic after reading several good reviews . Terrible waste of money ! - Minimal math -LRB- lots of gaming -RRB- - Math problems do NOT match the skill level your player selects.-Keyboard controls are cumbersome . -LRB- No mouse . -RRB- - Graphics and game play are early 90 's style.-You ca n't replay a level - you have to restart the game.First level is a waste of time . You spend 5 minutes jumping around trying to build the answer -LRB- add plus or minus 1 as you go , etc. -RRB- to a problem you can answer out loud.In the second `` level '' a `` monster '' of sorts chases your character as you avoid obstacles . For 6 year olds to do math problems on the run using the keyboard -LRB- space , up , left , right , enter -RRB- to jump , shoot , run and avoid lasers while the `` monster '' robot rolls after - is asking too much . Both of my sons woke up the next morning talking about bad dreams where a math monster chased them . * Possibly * a better game for older kids . We wo n't keep it long enough to find out . It is so bad I had to write a review so you would n't waste money or time on this game .
 I 've taught math 40 years . Twenty five years ago my children used Math Blaster to build their basics and speed . This new version of Math Blaster Basics must be a knock off of the original or someone bought out the company name . I bought this for my grand child . This is the WORST educational ; software I have ever seen !!!!!!!!
 I used this to teach children back in the 90s , but they have changed this wonderful learning game to something so awful and terrible that I could n't believe the distance they went into ` bad . ` It was so difficult that we could n't even finish one problem . I threw it away.What game these days uses keyboard keys and no mouse ? What game makes you use those keyboard keys to hop around 20 times to answer a simply math problem . Stupid . The early game had you flying a spaceship and you had to shoot the right answer as fast as you could . Made much more sense . Hopping around in 6 rows and 5 columns to answer 5 + 18 is just not right.Horrible .
 I wish i could go lower than 0 stars in rating this item . In this game , getting the right numbers to add -LRB- build the answer portion of the game -RRB- is 500 times harder than knowing the right answer . Just imagine your son already knowing the answer to 50 x 6 = 300 after 1 second buthas to stay at that level for more than 5 minutes to build the answer getting the addends to get 300 !!! It is a crazy educational game idea and a waste of your kid 's time . It 's a total waste of your money . Do not buy the download version too from the KA -LRB- Knowledge Advenuture -RRB- site , because it has a bug -LRB- Windows Vista -RRB- and you have to redownload again to re-install . In fairness to KA , i am impressed with Math Blaster ages 9 - 12 and pre-algebra . This version of Math Blaster is not really that great as it claims to be . . KA to maintain their credibility in making worthwhile educational games should pull this product out of the market . Or better , offer their disappointed customers to replace their copy with another KA product ... I recommend Math Attack by Compedia - not that fancy graphics but gives your child the math drills to really master the basic . Try also `` I Love Math '' by DK . The title of this game should be `` Math Blaster Master your keyboard up , down , left , right , spacebar keys !!! '' I still ca n't forgive myself for buying my son this boring game.CHECK OUT timez attack in -LSB- ... -RSB- !!!
 Like other parents nowadays we look for small ways to combine fun and learning and help our son with his schoolwork but this game was one frustration after another . First , the game requires you to move your ` guy ' by using the arrow keys . You have to learn how to hold down a tiny right arrow key to keep running while hitting the space bar to jump - all the while running away from giant , LOUD robots . My son actually started yelling , This is too stressful ! This is too stressful ! because the robots look like they will kill you though you do n't actually die - you just get sent to the beginning to run from them all over again!The sound effects are like those kid restaurants where they blare adult dance music while things zap and explode all around you -- did I mention how frustrating it is to manipulate the tiny arrow keys , often having to do two totally different things at the same time ? Anyway my son tried the game several times and learned absolutely nothing . I bought this game retail at an Apple store and feel completely ripped off.Jenn in Brooklyn , NY.Mom to two game loving boys .
 This has to be the lamest math program I have ever seen ! It 's jump from ledge to ledge trying to find numbers to add or subtract until you get the answer to an equation -LRB- ex
 I purchased this program hoping to help my daughter improve her math skills . It says right on the box `` Master the Basics . '' This is FALSE ADVERTISING !! My child is learning NO math doing this game . Because that 's all it is really -- just a game . And the game is totally LAME !! If you want a lame video game , buy this . If you want math help for your child , LOOK ELSEWHERE !!
 This product is a huge disappointment . My 8 year old children who like almost any computer game did not like this one . I tried it . It is poorly designed from a skill perspective . The graphics are good , but the games are dull and do not help kids learn math skills . I was angry I spent the money , because I would n't encourage my children to waste any time on this program .
 We have had this game for 3 months and my seven year-old is frustrated again . The game does not react fast enough when a player is not being successful . The game progresses in large jumps of ability , not small ones . This makes one level too easy and the next level too hard . The story line is compelling and the graphics are adequate , I wish the difficulty was more adjustable .
 Do n't bother with this software if you own a Mac that you 've purchased in the last 5 years . This software is from 1999 . Literally.The installer will only install in MacOS `` Classic '' mode , which means that it wo n't install on any Mac running an operating system version newer than 6 or more years .
 I had high hopes for this game since Oregon Trail was such a good game . This game was a major disapointment , and extremly boring . It was as if it was written by a completely different company . Do not waste your money on this game , but I do recommend Orepgon Trail .
 My company sent out an invoice with a `` Balance Due '' line that was $ 2,000 less than it was supposed to be , because -- according to our vendor/tech support people -- write-offs and reversed payments are `` buggy . '' The math was fine right up till the `` Balance Due '' line , and then it simply ignored a reversed payment , which , in the mass of invoices going out , got missed . Thus time must now be lost every month double-checking invoices to be sure the totals are right , which is completely unacceptable for any business.Also
 As usual , Microsoft has released an unbelievably buggy , product that wants to force you to start all your work from scratch , even after the release of the first service pack . Trying to convert ANY project created with Visual Studio 2003 will result in a myriad of problems :1 -RRB- Forms that wo n't load and present with various cryptic messages with no specifics ; 2 -RRB- Random crashes that cause VS to close mysteriously3 -RRB- Applications that will appear to run then at some point come up with errors claiming that you may have corrupted memory.etc.I admit that I have not started a brand new major project since all the issues on old projects failed in one way or another .
 Huge waste of my time . I ordered Visual Studio 2005 Professional Edition -LRB- as shown in the image -RRB- and they send me the Academic version with letters all over the box indicating `` For Academic Use Only `` Why oh why do these companies risk annoying people . Ok , so they got my money , but now I 'm all pissed off and I want to get my money back ASAP and I hate their guts for doing this.Silly people , they are just hurting themselves :--LRB- Oh well , too bad . I lost my time but one 's reputation as a legitimate business is harder to recover .
 I do n't find the product as easy to work with as its predecessors , but this is the way Microsoft is pushing application development , so it is a `` must-have '' .
 If you are starting from scratch ; this may work.But if you have thousands of lines of C++ code that you 'd like to port to the new runtime , forget about this crap.This code has compiled in Visual Studio 2002 and 2003 with only minor adjustments . Upgrading to 2005 has been basically a brick wall.I attempted the port . After a few dozen iterations , I started hitting problems with attributed ATL service classes that could not resolve base class references . Code that is executed in the compiled binary in the previous release ; but that this new compiler reports as missing . And I still have 89 errors . Since I do n't have the source , I can not fix this with any kind of macro . Nice box you 've painted me into Microsoft . The upgrade is not important enough for me to mess with this stuff . I have a deadline end of month .
 Well , I 've been in love with CorelDraw since version 5 but it 's all over between us . 12 is a waste of time and money.This application is horribly overadvertised and is terribly unstable -LRB- you can crash it without even trying -RRB- . The list of bugs is too numerous too mention here but the corel newsgroups -LRB- censored for the most honest comments -RRB- are filled with bug lists . Here are some of the worst
 I upgraded from v10 hoping to see a lot of new features . CorelDraw in itself is a very valuable program - I have used it for years.However v12 does crash and it does crash often , and for this reason alone it is extremely dissapointing . I do n't think it was worth the upgrade , there just are n't enough new useful features to offset the frequent crashing / memory leak problems.Basically what you get is some spiffy modernized graphics and icons , no significant improvement to the UI . The word on the street has it that there are some new features however I have n't explored enough to find them . I suppose the masking is a bit better . They still have n't added a curve smoothing option to the path tool in photopaint , this was a feature I was hoping I would see in v12 .
 `` Enhanced snapping '' , `` dynamic guides '' ? Who 's Corel trying to kid ? These are not substantial upgrades and are certainly not worth what Corel is charging for them . And `` PDF enhancement '' ? I think Corel writes that on every package now . I bet if Corel made a breakfast cereal , they would put `` PDF enhancement '' on the box . Actually , Corel should start thinking about making a breakfast cereal , as their products have been totally eclipsed by superior products from Adobe and Macromedia . So , the upshot is if you 're looking for a good vector illustration or photo-editing package , stay away from Corel and buy something from proven and reliable companies like Adobe or Macromedia . At least their new product releases are actually NEW product releases .
 I am an expert in designing. , the major software I use is CorelDraw for magazine desinging . I use photoshop for image retouching . My system configuration is Pentium 4 2.7 GHz , 1 GB RAM with 266 MHZ speed and 120 GB HDD . Win XP ProfessionalWe had recently brought CorelDraw12 to replace its version 11 . Though there are some cool features added to the new version , I am greatly disappointed because1 . Corel draw 12 of bitmap handling is worser than ver 11.2 . ver 12 CRM deadly error
 I downloaded a version of Corel Graphics Suite 12 to check it out before I bought it . I 've been using Corel since 7 and have a copy of Draw 11 but did ` nt get the Graphics Suite and was really looking to upgrade my Photo Paint to 12 . I took some screen captures and when I created as new image in Photo Paint 12 they were all dim and blurry . I thought maybe this was my capture -LRB- alt + printscreen -RRB- that was the problem so I used the Corel Capture in the Suite and it was the same . Nothing I did seemed to aleviate the dimness and slight blur to the image . I tried opening the images in Windows Paint and they looked fine , so I requested help on the Corel site to see if the service pack fixed this problem with the Screen captures.They said there is no fix for this in the patch . So I started checking more and saved the picture in Windows paint as a . jpg and opened it in Corel Paint and it was blurry . I took a different screen shot and opened it in paint and saved it as a . jpg and then opened it in Windows Paint and it was fine.When I updated my problem ticket with the new information the guy just re-iterated that there was no change in screen captures in the patch . I would have waited for them to fix it to buy it but with irritating tech support that 's obviously not reading the whole help ticket I will be avoiding Corel from now on .
 If you own a copy of CorelDRAW 9 or later , there is n't really any reason to purchase this product . Corel has done very little to the software , and some perennial Corel failings -LRB- poor text manipulation , large file sizes , slow redraw times and general bugginess -RRB- are still there . I 'm actually not sure what they did to this suite that makes it markedly different from their other offerings . I think Corel RAVE has been improved , but seriously , who uses Corel RAVE ? It does n't come anywhere near to what Flash can do . Corel PHOTO-PAINT is still okay , but who needs it when PhotoShop is still better and the industry standard to boot ? So , until Corel makes noticeable improvements to its products , I see no reason to spend money on them .
 Yikes . Where to begin ? Import/Export functions are totally whacked -LRB- I dare you to try to import Word tables or use Adobe formats with this release -RRB- . DRAW still has major problems handling text and , unbelievably , the pdf powers of this app are woefully inadequate . Corel has also set a new level for disaster by making this product incompatible with not only Adobe and MS formats , but also with previous versions of CorelDRAW -LRB- text distortion is a big problem here -RRB- . No wonder professional designers and service bureaus shun all things Corel . This product should have been released on April Fools Day .
 I 've been using CorelDRAW and PPT since version 4 , and I must say that the latest version , whether it be because of the patch or not , is widly unstable.For instance , 5 minutes ago I threw together a texture for a 3D model I 'd been working on and as soon as I switched to the `` Brush '' swatch , crashed . The App Recovery Wizard does n't even work correctly . It hangs and says the same thing each time.This crash happens often , reguardless of the operation you are doing and only seems to target certain machine setups.Tech support used to be good , however , they suck now and the sarcasm I 've gotten from some of them made me want to punch glass objects.Please Corel , patch 12 so it works!AR
 About a year ago I shopped the Corel products and had questions about which one I should buy . I was a guaranteed sale for them for either Graphics Suite 12 or Painter IX , I just needed their advice as to which one suited my exact needs . I had to literally throw a fit to be heard and finally the third person over a period of two days took their job seriously enough to answer my problems . I settled on Graphics 12 and the company promptly took my money but never shipped the product for two weeks and not until I had to literally throw another fit . No notification of delay - simply no response which is obviously the company policy . I do enjoy the program but it is not worth the lack of support . Maybe we should all be Corel Tech Support respresntatives and get paid to do nothing but take up space . I consider tech support to be a part of the price one pays for a program and in this case the program is extremely overpriced as tech support is non existent . I recently had some problems and needed tech support again and again there is more response from a morgue . I actually have a very simple problem that they should be able to address or at least respond to and wander what would happen if I had a complex one . I am now regretting paying the $ $ $ I did to be treated like dirt . I would look elsewhere if I had the chance over and would suggest the same for you unless you enjoy going it alone for customer service and tech support . I bought this program from and dealt directly with Corel and this review in no way reflects upon Amozon.com who has magnificent customer service and shipping policies .
 I have been using CorelDraw since version 3 quite a few years ago . Although I have used Photoshop and Illustrator , I find myself using CorelDraw for word processing right up to anything I can think of for productivity and publishing.I got a new computer with XP on it and decided that it was time to look into an upgrade for CorelDraw since I did not upgrade for several versions . After reading the reviews here on Amazon.com , I was excited to try this program once again.I was FURIOUS when I received my upgrade with NO MANUAL !!!! I opened up the box and found a note that if you want the manual with the clipart , font , etc information , you had to call the company AND PAY AN ADDITIONAL $ 32 FOR IT !!!! WHY DID N'T ANYONE SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THIS ???? The price for CorelDraw 12 upgrade would be okay if the manuals came with it , but unfortunately , if you want the clipart guides and lists you have to shell out another $ 32 . I have found CorelDraw to be a decent improvement over my older versions , but quite frankly , nothing has thrilled me too much about it that I am raving about the upgrade.The only manual that came with the upgrade is rather dry and sparse.All in all , I am disappointe in this product , although it does not move along as slowly as I expected it to , being an XP program and loaded with so many supposed extras.Of all of the CorelDraw versions I have tried , I still like version 7 the best for the interface , but the Photopaint back then was lacking.If the manuals had all come with this upgrade , I might have better things to say about it , but without them , the program is substandard and low class for the money . The clipart manual is spiral bound , by the way , which is an improvement over previous versions.The company maintains that most people have CorelDraw 11 so they do not need a clipart manual.Whatever that means.Quite stupid considering that the upgrade requirements do not even require that you have a previous version of CorelDraw , but you can upgrade from other brands like Adobe .
 There is a rumor that Corel saves the most important upgrades for odd-numbered versions.I used CorelDraw 8 in the past , and CorelDraw 9 IMHO was a big improvement - less crashes and more useful features . There was n't anything better about CorelDraw 12 , however there were things that I did n't like about it , particularly the UI . For example , centering an object relative to another object took one double-click in v9 , but in v12 that 's impossible . It may seem like a little thing , but there are * many * such little things , which make the new software harder to use . - Someone listed Windows XP support as one of the benefits of switching to CorelDraw 12 . I am running CorelDraw 9 under Windows XP Professional , without any problems . - I did not find the new Photopaint to be any faster , however I did find that my old scripts -LRB- written for v9 -RRB- stopped working , and frankly I very much dislike the new UI . - Enhanced snapping is more of an annoyance , than a useful feature.CONCLUSIONIf you are considering buying CorelDraw for the first time , I suggest you give CorelDraw 9 a try . It is available from various on-line stores and eBay for as little as $ 50 -LRB- as of October 2004 -RRB- .
 Hey , I 've been a hard core user of CorelDraw since it 's inception , and people I have nothing but praise for this product , alas , Version 12 although with some terrific features it is the most bugged software I have ever used , I have found so many bugs that I have reported to Corel that I may as well be a QA tester for their future BETA 's . I 've been a proponent of Corel and their products for the last 14 years , now I 'm -LRB- finally -RRB- moving to Illustrator , considering that it has caught up with features and the usability of Corel . Hey If you want to whip off rinki-dink design , simple signs or basic illustration this tool is for you , but if you do anything complex , expect crash , after crash . I have a log of over 1300 application failures in 1.5 years on 3 different systems , that Corel Tech 's could n't figure out . Maybe it was with the Transfer of power at the company , who knows.I foresee the Draw product defunct within 3 years . Unless they truly tighten up the software issues that plague the product .
 I have noticed favorable reviews here , with the reviewer asserting intimate knowledge and experience with this suite , its forerunners , or several other programs . I can not address how someone with a decade of experience might react to this tangled mess , only how someone with slight familiarity with a paint program or similar might react.First , opening the box and installing the programs is a chore . Unlike the dozens of other programs I have on my system , rather than taking half an hour , or so , installing these programs took the better part of two afternoons ... it was if the developers consciously decided to find another way , rather than standards users are familiar with , to do everthing . Particularly annoying this the spyware , in the guise of searching for updates , which is at least difficult to remove , if not impossible . The tool which Corel , alone among software developers , seems to have been forced to put in their help files on their inadequate site , does n't work , at least the way the instructions read . Hopefully , with several manhours more effort this spyware can be removed from my system.Worse than this though is the tutorial , presumably for first time users to familiarize themselves and get started with this product.First lesson `` Using the toolbar to start a drawing `` On the toolbar click `` New '' button to start a new drawing ... so far , so good . This desirable state of events quickly ends , however , for the second instruction begins '' `` From the Zoom levels list box '' ... and nothing more . No hint where this box may be found , nothing in the totally inadequate help file nothing ... the `` tutorial '' is then over for the new user.Sit and stare at the graphic representation in the middle of your computer screen while you contemplate exactly how much a program which displays a picture of a piece of paper , plus took a manday or so to install spyware on your system , is worth .
 I 've used Corel Draw and PhotoPaint since Version 2 , on both the Mac and Windows systems . Corel has decided that they are after bigger bucks by sliding over to Microsoft and abandoning Mac users , who I have found to be the creative ones in the art world.Stay with Version 11 if you are a Mac user , and ca n't afford to move upward to Adobe , otherwise using Adobe products will make you smile , and you 'll also get fewer computer `` FreezeUps '' .
 this software is total junk . it will crash if you move your mouse the wrong way . if you can remember windows 3.1 , this software crashes about that often .
 The Amazon Marketplace seller was fantastic ! The product was just not worth returning.The product is outdated and without a tutorial or book , one is left to figure it out on your own.Well , I 'm a pretty savvy person , so I just took a peek at some of the sample 3-D views . They made 1975 verson of `` Pong '' look high tech . -LRB- I exaggerate only slightly . -RRB- Very poor software by virtue of it being very angular , choppy , pixelated , and outdated.The other thing is the distributor -LRB- producer ? -RRB- is Broderbund . Yes the harbinger of cheaply produced software.So ... soon this software will not be available at all and we can all be happy . : - D
 I know a man who knows Vila and says that Vila is a total sell-out for money and the high life . Vila will promote any junk if paid enough . For This Old House he was the creator and producer . That is the guy who makes all the money , and Vila was `` the star '' even though he di n't know how to do any of the remodel work himself ! P.T. Barnum lives!He is a self-promoter first and foremost , with anything else of any quality far down the list.And , this software and the EdenPure heaters he pumps are overpriced junk , just like all else he promotes . Read Consumer Reports for the truth .
 not to be bought they are not saying that this software is for Windows `` 95not worhted .
 This program is not worth the price . It is just a collection of typed legal forms , that are not court approved . You would probably do better with a -LSB- less expensive -RSB- legal program . Also , the download does not include a serial number and you must call Smart Online , Inc. to get the serial number . Do n't bother with this program . It is just a waste of time and money .
 this product is terrible . the studio graphical tools are very poor and smp support is not so good .
 After hearing a co-worker raving about this product , I decided to give it a shot . I already have Adaware and Spyware Remover on my computer , which do a pretty good job of catching and removing annoying cookies but did n't seem to find much spyware . So I downloaded Spyware Doctor on my new Dell which runs Windows XP , installed it -LRB- no problem -RRB- and ran it to see how it worked . Wowie-kazowie ! It identifed over 200 pieces of spyware my old spyware program never caught . Now to get rid of them ... seems that if I want to get rid of these pesky critters , I have to purchase the product . But any product that finds spyware that efficiently and thoroughly seemed like a good deal , so I bought Spyware Doctor with my credit card , received an order number and a license number by return e-mail within five minutes , typed the license number into the registration form , and I was off and running . Spyware Doctor cleaned my computer like a runaway vacuum cleaner and left it positively pristine . I 'm set for the life of my ` puter , I thought.Yeah , right.Next time I booted up my computer , and the next dozen or so times after that , Spyware Doctor simply would not load . When I tried to open it I got an error message , `` Access denied '' . Say , WHAT ? I thought , I PAID for this thing ! I e-mailed the error message to PCtools.com , which , by the way , never sent me a response , and figured if at first you do n't succeed , try , try again . After what seemed like a bajillion infuriating attempts , the program finally loaded and did another competent job of cleaning spyware off my computer . But if I had to go through all that aggravation every time I wanted to use it , I started wondering if it was worth it.On top of that , everything on my computer started running slower . Spyware doctor made the computer take longer to boot up , it tried to disable my firewall , and it did a very competent job of locking up my screen saver , so that whenever my screen saver kicked in I had to reboot the computer . And it still loaded when it damn well pleased , which was only about one third of the time.After a week of this I was ready to drop-kick the computer through the window but figured it would be simpler and more sensible simply to uninstall Spyware Doctor and get my money back . I logged onto PCTools web site and got connected to live tech support , which promised to refund my money within two weeks , and sent me not one , but two e-mails confirming the refund . Well , at least something at PCTools works.Actually , when Spyware Doctor does work , it does one hell of a job cleaning your computer . The problem is , it works when it wants to , and after the initial installation , it wants to less and less . I 've never seen a program so frustrating to deal with . I like a squeaky-clean drive as much as anyone , but not at the price of my sanity.So now I 'm back to Adaware plus Microsoft Anti-spyware , and if I 've got some spyware lurking around in there , it will damn will stay there until I find a program that does a competent job of finding and removing it without creating havoc elsewhere on my computer . PCTools has a great idea , but they have some major glitches to deal with before their product realizes its promise.Judy Lind
 This program ran the first time , afterwards it failed on the splash screen -LRB- 97 % CPU usage makes for a loud spinning fan -RRB- . It was difficult to get the program to uninstall -LRB- the uninstaller in Add or Remove Programs did not work -RRB- . When the uninstaller finished , it opened my web browser without my consent and navigated to their home page . This is what initiated me to write this review . After the program uninstalls , the entries it leaves behind can not be easily removed . Even Unlocker could n't delete the `` Spyware Doctor '' directory from -LCB- % SystemRoot % / Program Files/Spyware Doctor -RCB- . After uninstalling , something like `` Spyware Doctor has been completely removed from your computer . '' came up . Since I already knew this was not true , I wound up manually removing components by extracting the setup file -LRB- from sdsetup.exe -RRB- and reading the Inno setup script -LRB- install_script . iss -RRB- . That I would have to do such a thing is unacceptable to me!Also , if you have customized settings on your computer , this program will set them to default . It took a lot of time for me to redo my computer , and I ended up having to install Windows XP again -LRB- erasing everything -RRB- . When it did work , I had similar , as well as additional , problems to other reviewers.All files that this program scans for can be detected and removed using free resources from places like Softpedia . Try navigating to the Security section and sorting by Freeware & Rating -LRB- descending order -RRB- .
 I 'd been using Ad-Aware SE Personal for over a year . It had never found any spyware , just cookies . Based on PC Magazine 's review , I decided to download the Spyware Doctor free scan . It found 9 spyware programs plus a ton of cookies , incentive enough to purchase the program which allows you to enable the removal and other features . That seemed to go ok . Trouble started with the next boot-up . Boot time increased dramatically , I guess because I checked the box that starts Spyware Doctor -LRB- which is very slow booting -RRB- along with Windows . Not a big problem . IE came up normally but I noticed that the cursor would sometimes freeze with no indication of why . Again , I assume On Guard was dealing with a cookie in real time . Would have been nice to have an on-screen indication but it did display a pop-up showing what had been done after the fact . Big problems started when opening Outlook Express . It came up very slowly and sometimes not at all . After waiting several minutes the screen would flash and return to the previous page . Other times the system would hang . The cursor would move but mouse clicks would n't close or open any window or program . The only way to regain control was manual power down . The situation got so bad that I decided to remove Spyware Doctor and do a system restore to a pre SD date . Thankfully this returned my system to normal operation . Being only slightly computer savy , I decided to cut my losses and take advantage of PC Tools money back guarantee . It took 4 emails and a weeks time but I finally managed to get a return authorization code and subsequent refund.Was it a conflict with another program or ?? I 'm not savy enough to understand or correct the problems it seemed to create . On the other hand anti-spyware , which experts agree everyone should be using , should not require an expert to use . It does point out the wisdom of establishing a restore point before loading new software.It did seem to identify things Ad-Aware missed but the negative affect on my system was worse than the cure . If it does n't cause you trouble it 's probably a good program but be warned and set a restore point first !
 i bought this 2 years ago and it was o.k. it worked , i upgraded and it slowed my computer down so much -LRB- new high end lattop 1 gig memory -RRB- it stops , i check task manager and its taking up 100 % of my cpu , memory ect . its finds the spyware fine , sometimes 30 or more a day but why let it on my computer in the first place ??????? there is better and much cheaper products out there that wont hog your computer to a crawl and wont let spyware on your system so why not buy them ???? my last upgrade of spyware doctor folks
 I 'm not sure I understand those individuals who are not having problems with this Product . It , as many have said is lacking in quality , and if you care how your system performs , do n't install Spyware . I had two problems . My system would not shut down and as most others , ran extremely slow . There is no support for this product as published . I corresponded with the Support Group 5 times and not once did they understand what I said .
 First of all I downloaded and purchased this product about a year ago while trying to diagnose and fix an infected PC belonging to someone in my family . I am sure you know the deal . Giant crisis , everything needs to get fixed ASAP or the world will come to an end shortly . This product -LRB- incidentally -RRB- DID NOT MANAGE TO FIX the problems with that PC but that is not the reason I am here writing a One-Star review -LRB- ZERO-Star reviews are not a permitted choice , more 's the pity -RRB- . After all Adaware , the Microsoft Spyware removal tool as well as Spybot Search and destroy were all unable to fix that particular PC 's problems . I will not blame Spyware Doctor for being similarly stumped . Eventually I was able to rescue document files from that PC and then I needed to reinstall Windows from scratch beginning with a hard disk format -LRB- the joys of providing tech support to your extended family -RRB- . The company PCTools , says they are selling you the program and a one year subscription to the latest pattern files . WHAT THEY CAREFULLY MANAGE TO HIDE IS THAT YOU WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY ENROLLED AND YOUR CREDIT CARD WILL BE CHARGED EVERY YEAR unless you specifically go in and cancel the subscription . Remember that subscription the you never knew you signed up for ? Yeah , that 's the one you need to go in and cancel.This tasty morsel of information is hidden FAR FAR away from view in what looks like the end user license agreement . How many of us read those any more?One cancelled credit card later I am about to dispute the charge with the Credit card provider and it looks like PCTools tried to charge me before one full year had elapsed.STAY AWAY
 I 've had to reinstall Spyware Doctor 4.0 several times because it is horrendously buggy and does not catch the latest spyware . It pops up thousands of popup message boxes unless you turn off that setting , and totally locks itself up . Also , I do n't know why , but Spyware Doctor consumes 50 % of the CPU when it is not even actively scanning . Horrible product ! Another thing I find extremely irritating is that it takes 3 minutes for the program to load , which delays the entire system when you tell it to load at Windows startup . Very crappy code , poorly managed software , tons of bugs , and I 'm getting a refund .
 This is the worst security program I have ever had the misfortune to install on my computer . It is inconceivable to me that this program was rated highly by PC World . Each time I boot up my computer , it takes forever to load , and it prevents me from doing anything until it has finally finished whatever it is doing . After the program eventually loads , it causes a terrific slowdown in my computer , and the scans frequently result in lockups . I 've turned off the anti virus protection in the program and otherwise adjusted the settings , but nothing seems to help . I recently downloaded the newer version of the program , hoping that the 2007 version would run more smoothly , but it was no better . Today , I finally gave up and uninstalled the program , and everything is back to normal . If you are thinking about this program , forget it .
 This product did locate spyware , but I can get better results with Ad-Aware . I bought this product , however it clogged up my system . I had to remove it and re-install it . When I was notified that upgrades were available , I could not get upgrades . I finally removed it from my computer . Ad-Aware is FREE and works great !
 I 've had this program for a year and found it to be kind of annoying . It started with the blocking of what seemed like every website I visited from CNN to the NY Times . Eventually I just turned that feature off . I also found the software to be a serious resource hog . I found it to be just as good at trying to find spyware as Ad-Aware and Spybot but those programs are free . Plus Spybot and Windows Defender offer real time protection and do n't use as much resources as Spyware Doctor . Eventually I just let the subscription lapse . By the way , do n't even think about installing this program on more than one machine . I installed it on my computer and when I installed it on my laptop it bounced the subscription from my computer . With the quality and free anti-spyware software that is available , I ca n't really recommend this software especially if you have two machines at home .
 SIMPLY PUT , THE PROGRAM WILL CAUSE GLITCHES IN YOUR SYSTEM AND SLOW YOUR P.C. TO A CRAWL PARTICULARLY IF IT IS ADDED TO YOUR START MENU . YOU WILL BE HARD PRESSED TO OBTAIN SUPPORT . VERY DISAPPOINTED USER .
 I have just installed Spyware doctor , it has now causedmy computer to not be able to defrag or run chkdsk / f atstartup . -LRB- It says can not open volume for direct access -RRB- . I have heard that uninstalling spyware doctor will curethis , but I have net yet done that.I have also heard that the company knows about this problem , but does not have a fix.Don ' t install spyware doctor , unless you do n't care aboutrunning defra , or chkdsk / f at startup .
 Beliave me this item is not that good as it seems ... I bought it 2 days ago , i installed and i ca n't Update it . . it is showing me some kind of errors ... my computer is brand new , i got it 2 weeks ago ... I prefer to everybody that you use Stopzilla ...
 The IBM software ViaVoice will not work on my Mac with the lion operating system . After I received the software I found out that it was 12-year-old software . The box said it would work with the OS X software , I was not able to get it work because it uses an older unsupported Mac software program called Speak Pad . I had to return the product which was through a private vendor seller . The return process took longer because I had to send three e-mails to the seller explaining to him the problem -LRB- he said he did n't know anything about the software -RRB- and finally to give me the refund through Amazon . The seller authorized the refund but I will not buy private vendor software through Amazon this way again.Tom w
 Will not load after installation . Product description says it supports Windows XP . I am running 64-bit Windows 7 , which is likely the problem . My recommendation is that you should not purchase this product if you have a 64-bit OS .
 This product is a bit outdated , but still kind of works on Windows 7 . My 3-year-old son is having fun with it , but does n't quite understand how to accomplish each game yet -LRB- still learning the reading part -RRB- . The graphics and usability are a flaky.The software was designed to run on Windows 95 - XP or Mac OS 8.6 - 9.2 . It has a copyright of 2002 and Amazon has carried it since 2001 . It has n't been updated for Windows Vista or Windows 7 . It does seem to run correctly under Windows 7 , but has a few graphical issues . The colors do n't render correctly and revert to using a 256-color palate , with the occasional wrong color -LRB- i.e. black instead of tan , etc. -RRB- . When it runs , it switches to its own graphics mode and goes full-screen -LRB- which is nice to keep children from accidentally clicking outside of the program -RRB- . One of the things I really did n't like is that it requires the CD to be inserted in the drive all the time in order to run . CD 's and little kids do n't mix very well . Fortunately , I figured out how to get it to run without the CD -LRB- read below -RRB- . What I do like about the software is that it has an entertaining story line -LRB- and cartoon -RRB- that grabs the attention of little children , and it 's very educational . It is very well structured , despite being outdated . My 3-year-old son was able to quickly figure out how to navigate the menus and pop in and out of activities . The software seems to be entirely mouse-driven , but they do make it somewhat easy with a huge pointer -LRB- although the clickable regions should be a bit bigger -RRB- . This includes two CD 's
 Very frustrated that it says on the package that it should work on OSX but it does not .
 # 1 does n't work on Windows 7 # 2 totally amateurish , low quality graphics -LRB- I installed it on an old Windows OS inside VMWare -RRB- # 3 not much here for kids to learn # 4 my 5 year old got bored with it in 30 minutes ; never used it againTotal waste of time .
 Not compatible with MAC 's OSX even though it says it is . And according to the support website , they are not responsible blaming Apple for the problem .
 Tried several different computers and it loads about 15 % and stops . There is just no tech support . They recommend searching the web for answers !
 This game wo n't work on any PC or MAC . I wish I would 've read the reviews first . I want my money back !
 I downloaded the game to my computer , and still had to use the disc . No big deal really , but then it started freezing my whole computer and it was a mess ! I returned it for a refund , but then they charged me a RESTOCKING FEE for something that DID NOT WORK !!!! the couple times that we used it , the games and activities seemed fun and educational , but it just didnt work -- defective CD 's or program I am not sure , but please be aware that amazon did charge me a restocking fee for this item
 I 've purchased other Reader Rabbit CDs and have been very pleased but this I can not get this particular CD to run on my computer . The seller has very rigid refund guidelines and their guidelines say they do n't accept refunds on open software or software that does n't run on laptops . What a bummer !
 As with several reviewers I can not load this on a Mac with OS 10.6 . The installers says that it needs a `` Classic Environment '' - that 's more that a decade old ! I recommend that Amazon pull this item or put in a product warning for Mac users .
 we installed this a few times and each time the graphics would black out after only a few minutes of `` play '' . and the structure of how to get through this program was really confusing . i would n't recommend it .
 sellers just states windows and mac o.s. but the product does not work with windows 7 or mac o.s. x so it was a double whammy for me would not work on my acer or mac
 I really wish they would update the description on this . I was really looking forward to using this with my kids , but it does not work on my Mac like it says it does . Very disappointed , now I have to go through the hassle of sending this -LRB- and 4 other games I purchased -RRB- back . What a pain .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM ! This is by far the worst program I 've ever seen . For starters , it is n't compatible with anything newer than windows XP . It will run on the mac , but only certain parts of the program , like `` printable activities '' . The only plus about it is that I did n't lose to much money . DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM !
 This and all reader rabbit series do not run on any Intel based mac . In other words if you bought your computer in the last 5 years or so it will not work . Also , it does not work on the more recent G4 computers . I have several macintosh computers and the only computer that this software will work on is over 10 years old . BTW just because these disks say OSX does not mean it will work . What it should say is OSX -LRB- in classic mode emulation -RRB- which has been phased out in macs for the past few years . Oh ... . and the company does not respond to emails . This product is not work the effort .
 I bought this software and it wo n't load to my computer even after I follow instructions on the cd and on their website . my kid was disappointed as he is used to software working right from the box . this is a waste of money .
 I have no idea how the game actually plays as it would not load . So buy it at your own risk . If you can make it work let me know .
 It is shameful that this product is still being sold.Only works on windows XP , which has not been shipped on computersfor years .
 I ordered this software for my 3 YO . It does n't work . I 've loaded on 3 different computers and it does n't work well on either computer . The complimentary disk skips -LRB- my son says it has an ouchie -RRB- and there 's a bug in the main disk . When it comes on , it immediately goes out ... . Do n't waste your money .
 The details describe this as new , full retail box . This is not the case . What we received was a cd with the license key sticker attacehed to the jewel case . The jewel case looked scratched and used .
 Unfortunately Simply Money has unresolvable bugs that render it useless . One bug causes an invalid record to appear at the beginning of the checkbook register . Simply Money will then display an error and close whenever you attempt to use the Balance function or scroll up to the top most entry in the register.Before year 2000 the way to fix this issue was to export the finance group to a Simply Money file format -LRB- . MXF -RRB- and then import it back in . Unfortunately , if you are tracking investments and have transactions in the year 2000 the import will fail because Simply Money can not handle ' 00 ' as a year for importing investment information . Since you can not import the file to fix the checkbook register , you can not fix the invalid transaction in the register and the Balance function is rendered unusable.Additionally , some dates default to the wrong century in the entry windows so you have to be watchful to ensure the proper date is recorded.These bugs will never be fixed because development ceased on this product several years agoStay away from this product .
 This company does not support Choral Music . Do not let the fact that they sell microphones and subscriptions to vocal ensembles mislead you . They do not have ANY choral music available to practice and have no plans to do so . This discrimination disappoints me . I can not support a company that promotes discrimination.This company also makes Finale . After discovering their attitude towards Vocal Ensembles , I am making plans to switch from Finale to Sibelius . If you are a Choral Director , you should too . If you are a Band or Orchestra Director , it would be helpful if you pressured the company not to continue this discrimination .
 I installed this on my children 's computer , which was being plagued by pop-up ads . As far as we can tell , it has n't blocked a single ad . In fact , we got several pop-up ads immediately after we installed Ad Free ! I trusted this product because of Net Nanny 's reputation , but it just did n't work .
 I am very disappointed in this software . When I install it on my computer , it corrupts my Explorer files . In order to access the Internet , I have to uninstall Ad-Free and reinstall Explorer . Therefore , this software is worthless ! I can not get a hold of the company for help . I have sent emails through the website and get no response . Their phone number is an endless cycle of voice mail commands . Since the software is opened , I ca n't return it for a refund . ...
 We bought this CD from Best Buy and it would n't even load . It crashed our Windows XP computer each time we tried to load it . Do n't waste your money .
 It did n't even work I was not happen . I will not buy fron again . I had to buy another program that works .
 I ordered this item for my 3rd grade son to learn geography and have fun at the same time . Unfortunately , it does n't specify that you need an older computer for it to run appropriately . I have a computer from 1998 and that was too new for this program to work , the requirments -LRB- which are n't listed before you order -RRB- are for a much older machine then what you could probably find now a days . The only good thing about this product is it did n't cost too much , so I 'm not out a lot of money from it ... I was just disappointed that my son could n't play this game and enjoy tracking down Carmen SanDiego .
 I bought this product to use with students during lessons . While the potential to be great is there it is overall a very glitchy and temperamental program and to top it all off , Avid has posted a fun little notice on their website that states all three of the Groovy music programs - Shapes , Jungle and City will NOT WORK on Mac OS X Lion or Mountain Lion . This is a problem because A -RRB- I 'd like to update my Operating System at some point and B -RRB- i have many students parents who are interested in purchasing their own copies of the software i use in my lessons . One family bought the Groovy music programs and could not get it to work as Avid - the makers of ProStools - has decided not to support this product or update it for use on current Macs . I 've also had problems with Avid in the past regarding their flagship notation software - Sibelius . I had just upgraded to the latest version of Sibelius and not a week later the next new update was released . I contacted customer support and was told too bad , so sad . They would not give me the new upgrade for free nor would they give me a reduced rate for the brand new upgrade - I would have to pay the full cost of upgrading again only one week later . I know I sound bitter and I apologize . But when I pointed out to them that this is bad business policy to treat customers like this the gopher on the other end of the phone agreed with me and said `` its just the way it is . There 's nothing we can do . '' Well guess what ? I 'm putting out the word on this so you do n't make the same mistake I did . Avoid Avid 's line of products - yes all of them . Save yourself the trouble and look elsewhere . There are other Pro-Audio companies that actually value their customers business . I 'm writing all of this in response to my phone rep friend at Avid . Because it is something I can do and that 's the way it is !
 The fact that this company is still selling the product without a fix for working in Windows 7 is probably a sign about about the quality of the product itself . I followed all the suggested `` fixes '' including running the latest Quicktime in the backround and the sound still slowly degrades to the point of being unusable . I called Sibelius -LRB- which is a project in itself to get through to someone without having to pay -RRB- and their answer is that they do n't have a fix , sorry . Next time I 'll read the reviews before purchasing . : -RRB-
 I have an older addition of this game , and thought this one would be even better . What a disappointment ! The older game is much better . You ca n't even do a lot of things playing this one that you could with the older version . The options are terrible ! New versions are suppose to be better , not worse !
 I have to contact the Nova company bcoz the product can not be used . They told me that this product was already abolished becoz they already have PED 3.0 . Since they have an upgraded products they dont have any ways to bring it back to the market & become this product usable . So try to upgrade the products for $ 29.00 . Do n't buy this product ! Very stressful to do all this things .
 My recommendation is to avoid all Nova Development products if there is a rebate involved , or you think you might need to deal with customer service . This company does NOT pay rebates on time , if at all , and has some of the WORST customer service you will ever encounter . No Wonder , turns out they have an F grade with the BBB and are the subject of numerous complaints with the Attorney General 's office . My advice
 I got this for Christmas and I ca n't say that I 'm impressed . It 's very difficult to navigate and it 's my experience that it does n't do everything it says it does . I wanted Photoshop Elements 4.0 and I can zip around that in no time flat but this one has me flustered . You ca n't resize photos to an exact measurement such as 4x4 inches like you can in PSE , you have to eyeball it which is REALLY difficult . You also ca n't manually manipulate the colors and effects like you do is PSE . I 'm very disappointed in this software . I do n't recommend it to ANYONE !
 I bought a Canon Powershot camera , a Canon Pixma MP500 printer , extra ink , great paper , and this program . The only bad thing about my experience was this software . It was slower than molasses -LRB- my computer has more than enough memory and a nice graphics card -RRB- and it made my computer crash several times . I finally managed to do `` something '' with the program , hated it , and packed it up and returned the product . The store gave us a hard time but finally gave us a full refund.Pro 's
 This is a great concept program for creating your own techno style beats , but even with the patch it acts very buggy . It will crash or get stuck in a continuous loop . I do n't think I have ever purchased a program with so many flaws . -LRB- Well maybe `` Age of Sail 2 '' was worse . -RRB- Do n't waste you money on this ! There has to be a better program out there .
 A lot of good ideas , but none of them work . Too much graphics , animation and visual effects , which I believe affect how the program performs and creates delays in sound performance . Samples are fine , but if you want to record something new , you will be better off with an 1980 8-track .
 Any satisfaction we might have felt at the actual performance of this software was sorely diminished by the marketing practices of the Learning Company . We were very disappointed to discover that when we installed this software , we were also given an `` Install America Online-Free ! '' shortcut on our desktop , as well as in our computer . We were never given an opportunity to decline ; what does America Online have to do in the SLIGHTEST with a learning program for our child ? We deeply resent companies who feel as though they have the right to hold customers `` hostage '' to their marketing partnerships . All attempts to write customer service for this company were unclear at best ; we will have to call them to complain .
 This program does not work , the creators are more interested in having you enter codes and wasting time to protect what is essentially a very average Excel file . Additionally , my computer firewall alerts me to macros within the program trying to communicate via the internet . Is it phishing , or whatnot , I ca n't tell since I 'm not a computer guy . Save your money for a program that works .
 Note
 We were very excited to try this program out . We used the same program for our first child back in the late 90 's and it was WONDERFUL . So we purchased this updated version to work for Windows XP . To our disappointment , it wouldnt work . We try on both computers and it did not work so we had to get a refund . If it worked , it would have been a great program . Maybe the product was defective , but 4 out of 5 we ordered did not work .
 I was not happy with this as I could not get it to work on my laptop . I tried different ways to make it work , but it would not ...
 Advertised compatible with Mac OS , assumed X , but it 's not . It only works with Mac OS 9
 I , like many others , have a SoundBlaster card . Cakewalk has numerous problems with SoundBlaster . It took me two hours to figure out how to just get some sound out of Cakewalk . I recorded a ten second vocal test but it would n't play back , nothing came out . Turns out there 's some deeply embedded setting you have to change in the software that you can only figure out after hours of searching through online chat-rooms . The metronome does n't work through the speakers , it only comes out of the PC 's internal speaker or MIDI . Being a musician I have no need for MIDI.I 'm a 16-year techie who happens to also be a musician . This is one of the worst pieces of software I have used in my entire adult life . If you 're a musician who just wants to sit down , press record , play some music , stop , play it back , tweak it a little , add more tracks , etc. ... sounds simple right ? Do n't buy this software . You will be screaming at the top of your lungs for a whole day and then putting it on eBay in an attempt to try and recoup the $ 150 you just spent on it .
 This topo map software was a severe disappointment . The software crashes frequently . Opening files slow even on a newer iMac running OS 10.5 . It takes over 3 minutes to open a file with a saved route and zoom in to the most detailed level . Scrolling across a map is painfully slow.Many functions listed in the manual do not work . For example , when marking a route , the manual claims you can backtrack and erase a section if you make an error , but I can not get this important feature to work . When trying to compute an elevation profile along a route I get an error message `` elevation data missing '' half the time . Maybe this is a Windows - Mac porting issue , but the software is marked for Mac.In addition , the data are also inaccurate . The cultural overlay on the 1:24,000 USGS topo maps shows as `` roads '' private driveways and informal routes in national parks that have been closed and restored for decades .
 I have a masters degree in technology but this software package is incredibly hard to use . I had high hopes of being able to design my new home but was disappointed on how non-intuitive this software is to use . After spending 15 hours and only having a few walls captured , we gave up and decided hiring an architect was easier . I would love a software package that was able to pull together a house design but this package did not work .
 I agree with the first review . This a most difficult programme to use and , after many hours trying to get simple rooms drawn to specific sizes I gave up . The manual is wordy but really does n't explain the simplest points . I am now looking for a cheaper programme that will enable a non-expert to do a little design task without a nervous breakdown .
 I used this `` suite '' to attempt to design houses for a Habitat for Humanity affiliate . If all you are looking for is a pretty `` flyover '' of an unrefined house design , this might work . As far as creating a working drawing with enough detail to build off of , this is not the program.My biggest problem with the software is that you have to export the drawing from FloorPlan to an included CAD program -LRB- TurboCAD -RRB- and then mark it up with dimensions , etc. . If you want to move a window 3 inches , you have to go back into FloorPlan and move it , and re-import and start all over again with dimensioning.I was probably expecting too much for a cheaper CAD program but this one is n't even worth the effort . Any advantage over old school hand drafting was nearly non-existent from my experience .
 I build and remodel homes/businesses for a living . Used FloorPlan 3D since it first came out for design , estimating , sub 's prints , customer presentations , etc. . Extremely useful in it 's day and my small business has 500 + files saved . Used to buy copies and give to some customers . Thought I 'd update , purchased and installed v10 . ** Can NOT import old saved * . fp3 files ** and EXTREMELY frustrating to use . IMSI provided ZERO support and wanted to charge me MORE money just to use their crappy product . Forget them !! A real time-waster ! Purchased 2 old copies of FP3D for future reference and neighbor 's kid is now teaching me AUTOCAD . Easy and I could n't be happier .
 Turbofloorplan Home & Landscape Pro V12I have tried three of IMSI 's building design software and just gave them away . It was n't worth the aggravation and there was no support . The `` help '' is designed by IMSI pros and for IMSI pros . The software has all the needed capabilities , I think , but they really need to spend their time developing user-friendly instructions . This problem is typical among software developers but it is at a ridiculous level with IMSI .
 Might be a good product , but too hard to use for theregular Joe Home Owner .
 If you enjoy suffering this is the home design software for you . You can get it to produce something eventually , but you will put in hours trying to get the software to do what you want and have to give up on getting it do other things it says it does . I initially purchased Version 9 and nearly tore my hair out trying to do layout for a house remodeling we were working on . I 'm in the computer business so I 'm used to battling with bad software to get it to work and was n't going to let this package get the best of me . I did finally get some useful floorplans out of it . The 3D modeling was helpful although certainly not as good as they say it is . When an upgrade offer for Version 10 came in the mail I thought to myself , OK , maybe this will fix some/all the bugs -LRB- yeah , right ! -RRB- . On the contrary , it was essentially the same package , nothing changed except that it was worse . Now I could n't get it to print floorplans with dimensions . After the upgrade joke , I 'm certainly never giving IMSI another penny . I recently pulled the software off the shelf and reinstalled to work on another project . It was a bad dream coming back , after about 10 minutes I remembered what a nightmare this software is and said `` Never again ! '' It is now shelfware destined soon to be given to some poor soul on freecycle . I guess to be realistic , if you want GOOD floorplan design software you 'll have to spend many hundreds of dollars , not tens .
 Not as user friendly as say the Better Homes and Garden home designer , but it does convert to CAD . Takes a lot of patience that I did n't have .
 I have used earlier versions of Quicken and found them very useful . I recently bought a new computer with Windows XP and found the existing package did not work well with it so purchased Quicken Basic 2006 , hoping it would be as useful . It has been a disaster . First it locked me out of my existing files , which had not been password protected , by demanding a password , which I did not have , before I could gain access . The Company 's help screen offered a password unlocking service -LRB- for a fee -RRB- but would not let me use this service because I had a U.K. address and it would only accept addresses in the U.S.A. . An e-mail asking for help and advice received no reply . A long expensive phone call to the Company 's customer services department yielded , after half an hour , a promise to deal with the matter within 48 hours , but no action whatsoever.In desperation I tried to start a new date file but was not able to register the product as , again , I did not have a U.s. address . There is no warning on the product that it can not be used outside the U.S. I have now uninstalled the product and am looking for an alternative .
 I have Quicken 2003 . I just received a letter in the mail saying that I will not be able to download transactions from banks etc. because of the Intuit Sunset Policy . The Sunset Policy means that Quicken stops allowing downloads after 3 years of use . It seems ridiculous that you ca n't use an important piece of your software after 3 years . That would be like Microsoft discontinuing networking and the ability to write to disk after 3 years of use.Stupid policy
 My bank allows for financial information to be downloaded in QIF format , so I thought I would n't have any problems . Big mistake - in an insidious attempt to wrangle money out of financial institutions , Quicken 2006 purposely disables the ability to import QIF files for nearly all types of accounts . Those institutions that do n't pay up -LRB- typically smaller banks and credit unions -RRB- ca n't produce files in the new format -LRB- QFX -RRB- , making the software virtually worthless for their customers . So , unless you enjoy entering dozens of transactions by hand or are from a select list of Quicken partner banks , do n't waste your money.UPDATE
 I 've been a long time Quicken user and decided to upgrade from Quicken 2002 to Quicken 2006 as Intuit has `` sunset '' the older version . I held off upgrading for last 4 versions because they were buggy and Intuit has been disabling or removing core features that I use frequently . I was aware of the flap over the elimination of the QIF format , but since I do n't download data from financial institutions I thought I could live with the new QFX format . Wrong . Quicken 2006 imports to checking , savings , and credit card accunts -LRB- the most important accounts -RRB- ONLY in the new format , but has NO ability to export in the new format . This makes it impossible to transfer account data from one Quicken database to another , or to rebuild accounts if the your database file gets corrupted . After four years killing off QIF you 'd think they would be able to export in the new format or provide the means to transfer between databases , a capability Quicken has had since the DOS days.Other long time Quicken features are broken , e.g. , Quick Fill 's automatic drop-down lists -LRB- annoying -RRB- ca n't be disabled without also disabling the auto completion feature -LRB- useful -RRB- , which is contrary to the online documentation , while other bugs that have been around for four or five versions still have n't been fixed.Overall very poor execution . The new features are basically eye candy and do n't make up for the loss in functionality . Stay away if you 're a long time user , you 're likely to be very unhappy.Finally , their support staff , while providing timely responses via email , ca n't help . They only offer apologies , and recommend making product improvement suggestions .
 Attempted to switch from microsoft money to quicken . Turns out quicken changed their format for banking and credit card transactions from qif to something called ofx . My bank of 15 years does not support this format.Back to microsoft money for me .
 I bought Quicken 2003 less than 3 years ago , and now it is forcing me to re-buy 2006 . The customer support web page says that they are doing it for my own good.Maybe they should print this policy right on the box with a bright yellow sticker . This way every one will know how much they care about the consumer . `` Retirement of online services for older versions of QuickenIn an ongoing effort to provide reliable high-quality products and services , Intuit periodically retires -LRB- also known as `` sunsets '' -RRB- older versions of Quicken , thereby discontinuing online services & live technical support for these versions . ''
 There is one and only one honest way to get money from customers -- provide value . Intuit must not think it 's doing that , because it sneaks around for its money , disabling features after they were purchased to force users to upgrade . It 's not the first time they 've annoyed their customer base with cheap tricks.Previously , Intuit brought out a version of turbotax that could n't be moved from one machine to another , so if you upgraded your computer between the time you installed the software and you filed taxes , or if you had a hard-disk crash , you 'd be forced to plead with Intuit for an updated license key . Like this ` sunset ' policy , I do n't recall that it was revealed to users anywhere on the product packaging.There was an outcry and Intuit did not repeat their copy-protection policy . Unfortunately , their attitude has n't changed . I have an older version of Quicken , I like it , and I 'd like to keep on using it just the way it is . If my bank is willing to support the old file formats , why should I have to upgrade ?
 Like others we have received notice that Quicken 2003 online function will be `` Sunset '' in April . Poor policy again by Quicken . What this means is if you purchase this product you have purchased key functions for only 3 years -LRB- currently but Quicken is allowed to arbitrarily lower this if they need to raise more cash -RRB- . Frankly the improvements in their new function set do not warrant the additional cost . This is a money grab , plain , pure , and simple . Competitiors , do you hear ? Opportunity knocks !
 The only thing I can think about Intuit and their release of Quicken 2006 is that they hate their customers and care only about greed and themselves . After years of using quicken , I have to throw quicken out because only a handful of banks use their new OFX format -LRB- for which banks must pay $ 1000 's in fees -RRB- and you can not use QIF for any savings or checking account , meaning that they disabled this feature forcing millions of customers to either manually enter transactions for their banks or just throwing out Quicken 2006 which is what I am doing . This program demonstates everything that is wrong with a company that dominates a software sector . I hope they go bankrupt very soon . I will never buy from them again .
 Ditto to this review : `` I have been a Quicken user since it was a DOS application back in the mid ` 80s . It has always been a very good and reliable product . However
 I upgraded from 2003 to 2006 only to find out I could no longer download QIF files . This would mean that I would need to manually enter all of my transactions . YEAH RIGHT ! If your bank supports OFX downloads or is a Quicken partner , this product will work fine for you . But if like me you belong to an institution not partnering with Quicken -LRB- the Quicken Bank Partner list is really small ! -RRB- DO N'T BUY THIS ! I have always liked Quicken but will now have to learn and use MONEY . Oh well , all good things come to an end eventually .
 I am extremely disappointed with Quicken Basic 2006 because it does not support true OFX imports unless the bank is a Quicken participating bank . My bank offers OFX downloads of my financial information but has no plans to partner with Quicken . Intuit 's only suggestion of recourse to me it to `` wait '' until they do ! Customer convenience is obviously not high on their agenda .
 The product is ok . It is very similar to MS Money . It does not have a clean , or appealing interface like Money does . When I connected to my bank to update my accounts it required me to change my password . Then did n't allow me in my account with the new password . I then could not even access my account through a web browser . I found several other reviewers that had the same or similar issues . If you want to be able to update your accounts via web , I would buy MS Money 2006 . I purchased Money 2006 and have n't had a single issue .
 I love Quicken 2004 , but can not and willnot upgrade to 2005 or 2006 . It does not allow use of qif files , my bank wants nothing to do with ofx files . Enough said .
 After i ordered the product from Quicken I found a friend who already had it and after looking at his found it to be way to complex for my needs . 1 star is incorrect as did n't open the psckage .
 Be warned ! Quicken 2006 does n't support QIF import . I know -LRB- now -RRB- that this shortsighted business decision started with Quicken 2005 but I 'm still hopping mad about it . Intuit decided that they wanted to extract more of their exorbitant OFX licensing fees from financial institutions by eliminating QIF import support . Some financial institutions in turn pass these fees directly on to the customer.I do n't really care how many new bells and whistles Quicken 2006 has . It does n't perform a fundamental function that financial software should be capable of doing
 I have used quicken for years . I bought a new computer and got an upgrade -LRB- at least I thought so -RRB- with it . It is not user friendly . I tried to use the check writing part . You have to order checks through Intuit with your name address and bank numbers on them . The only thing you can do is put the amount who it is to and a check number on it . What is the use if you can not print the whole check with a blank form . What a waste this is ! I am throwing mine away and getting something else . I would not recomend this to my worst enemy !
 Product description says it works on Mac but does not ... . on current version ; maybe referring to the first ever Mac made ; but unuseable . Gave for gift and embarrassing to find this out .
 I previously gave this quicken 2 stars , but now i am downgrading to 1 . my balances in quicken sometimes dont match up with the ones on line and after thinking myself crazy and manually adding and readding , and inserting various `` mystery '' placeholder entries , i find that quicken actually makes math errors ! if there is one thing that you do not want in a computer program -LRB- especially a financial one -RRB- and if there is one thing that even a primitive computer programmer should be able to do is write software that adds and subtracts correctly ! i hope they fix this and make available the fixes on line .
 Think real hard before you upgrade to the 2006 version . Yes , Intuit a.k.a. Quicken invented `` QIF '' -LRB- Quicken Interchange Format -RRB- but now you CAN NOT Import QIF data from your financial institution . While many companies offer the `` Web Connect '' format which works fine -LRB- only a few glitches with some transactions -RRB- , if your banks and credit card companies only offer QIF download format and you use this feature , then save yourself some aggravation and DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! Check out other financial software . Maybe after we all convert to Microsoft Money Intuit will see the error of their decisions . Why would a company remove working functionality from their product is beyond my comprehension . Quicken user since 2001 . I doubt if I upgrade on the Quicken path again unless they fix this .
 Intuit disabled the QIF import feature that has long been a part of quicken and MANY MANY financial institutions will no longer support downloading data into quicken 2005 or 2006 because they are being forced to license the new download format from quicken . If you have versions prior to 2005 keep that and switch to something else before upgrading and finding out later you can not download histories or worse export to Money or other software after the upgrade . I upgraded and now am trying to manually recreate the accounts into MS Money as I will not bow to this kind of greed .
 It seems Intuit recently decided to stop supporting the QIF data format in order to promote uptake of the newer OFX format . Unfortunately , a significant number of financial institutions still use the QIF format -LRB- and only this format -RRB- , including my company 's corporate credit card.Most frustratingly , Quickens website claims that my financial institution -LRB- Citi Cards -RRB- supports OFX ... if only someone had told the Diners Club MasterCard division.Since I ca n't exactly change my corporate credit card , and I am not willing to manually enter each transaction , this software is n't all that useful to me.Looks like I 'm going to have to use Microsoft Money .
 I had used Quicken for many years . I own both a PC and a Mac . I decided to migrate my Quicken 2005 data to my Mac and bought the 2006 upgrade for Mac . Big mistake ! Quicken 2005 dropped qif support for banks , but some credit card qif downloads were supported . This ended in 2006 . Many financial institutions have no support for qfx , Intuit 's proprietary software . The Mac version is terrible . It offers a lot less features than the PC . One problem is that if you use voucher checks , you can print out no more than two at a time . After that , three checks will print on one page even if you only have one check per page laser checks . Tech support from Intuit is horrible . If you can find a phone number , expect to spend three hours on hold.I just bought Money 2006 Premiun . I installed this on my PC . It supports ALL of my financial instittuions . Tech support is timely and free . I had to start with a whole new file , but since this is early in the year , starting from scratch was not to hard to do .
 I have used and LOVED Quicken since the DOS days . In those days , the founder of the company REALLY took customer calls and suggestions , and the quality was superb ! Last time I upgraded my computer , I also upgraded my Quicken ... BIG MISTAKE !!! I encountered all sorts of issues -LRB- BUGS -RRB- , so that each time I called , waited FOREVER to speak with a warm body , and reported the issue , the response was along the lines of
 Frankly , I could n't be more disapointed in Quicken Deluxe 2006 . It was advertised as easy to use-Not ; it would import Money settings-Not satisfactory ; import bank downloads-doubtful ; overall score-1 Star ! I think I will take advantage of it 's one important feature-60 day return if not satisfied and hope that at least it works correctly ! JE
 I have used Quicken for about 3 months , and find that it is a royal pain to work with . There are many many features , but it does n't take long , even when setting up new accounts , that you have to hack together imperfect ways of handling all kinds of transactions . I have n't tried Money yet , but I ca n't believe that it 's worse than this .
 I have been using Quicken since 1997 and loved it . I last had 2001 before buying 2006 . I liked 2001 , but did n't like the new sunset/upgrade policy . I got 2006 anyway . Right now , I wished I had n't . I ca n't figure out how to change my online settings . I can not change the online sttings to recognize my dsl account or any of my credit cards . I also do n't like having to enter a password everytime I try to log in . They should have kept it simple .
 Intuit will `` sunset '' this version 3 years from now , forcing you to upgrade to a newer version . They crippled my copy of Quicken 2002 in April 05 , and I refuse to upgrade . This is extortion , pure and simple . Also , every time you click on `` update , '' Quicken contacts Intuit 's server , even if you do n't use any of their online services . That 's how they are able to cripple the software . I wonder what sort of information they are gathering on me . After all , I have all of my financial data in Quicken , and I do n't trust Intuit . What 's between me and my financial institutions is no business of theirs . I had been a satisfied user of both quicken and Turbotax for many years . No more . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Quicken has tons of great basic features , and some fairly advanced ones , too . I would n't do without it , and I have been a loyal customer for 10 years , upgrading faithfully ... . and now I am getting p ** sed off.Why ? Because Quicken is more interested in stoking the upgrade hamster wheel cash cow , than in fixing bugs and adding features that would TRULY be useful to real world people . I need FEWER bells and whistles , and more features that actually add true value every day , rather than something to add to a marketing bullet list of `` whiz bang '' features that really do n't help much at all.For example , I have been requesting a register view option that would allow me to see Category AND Memo in the One Line Display mode ! My monitor has 1920 pixels across -LRB- 3 times the original VGA reolution in width -RRB- , and Quicken 2006 STILL FORCES ME to toggle modes in order to see either a lot of transactions per screen , or all transaction detail visible -- I ca n't have BOTH . For cryin out loud , why not?Ok , another thing ... the Paycheck form is really , really buggy . In Quicken 2006 , even after online bug fix updates , you ca n't reliably edit a Paycheck entry in your register . Either you end up with some kind of strange entry duplication , or , when you attempt to edit individual amounts in the split , the input focus is n't handled correctly -- you ca n't edit the number just by clicking on it . You can work around that by clicking Edit next to the field , but to me , this is a FUNDAMENTAL bug , and they shipped this s ** t with the bug present . And , in the meantime , I 'm invited to `` Rate my payees '' using Zipingo , whatever the hell that is ! -LRB- Why is this in my personal finance software anyway ? -RRB- Finally , I 'll give you another example of a lingering bug that has existed in the last THREE releases , and they 're not gon na fix it ever , I bet ... when you download data , and it attempts to match register entries to the downloaded transactions , there are times when the matching is n't correct ... either the wrong item matches , or it decides that there -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- is no match . You would think that pressing the Match Manually menu item for that downloaded data entry would give you a chance to fix it . Sorry , you are wrong ; at least 50 % of the time , Match Manually does n't work ! You see a transaction in your register which is a PERFECT match to the downloaded one , in date , amount , and unreconciled . You think that item will appear in the list of choices , and you 'll simply click on that one , and the manual match will be complete . But -LRB- as John Belushi would have said -RRB- NOOOOOOO ... . that unreconciled transaction you have your eye on DOES N'T EVEN APPEAR IN THE LIST OF POSSIBLE MATCHING CANDIDATES ! Very clearly , the bug that is causing this phenomenon also causes the failure of the automatic matching . Sure , there is a work around , but again , there is a mindset of `` pump out new , but mostly useless , features '' over `` make version N solid , then work on version N +1 '' . One of the things that annoys me to no end is Quicken 's inability to swiftly and conveniently handle today 's modern mortgage loans . ARMS , Indexed loans , 30/10/1 ARMS , etc , etc. . . they are all too common , and Intuit has done JACK SQUAT to improve Quicken 's ability to handle these kinds of loans , with Option ARM payments , interest rates that vary monthly , and so forth . The best thing one can say about it is the tiny amount of functionality that is present at least seems to have no bugs.I have n't had time to investigate alternatives ... and I suspect that this juggernaut is just coasting on market share at the moment . They have a great franchise , but now the arrogance is showing . Is Microsoft Money any better ? Is there anything out there that can top Quicken ? If there is , I will be willing to pay for it , for I am sick of Intuit 's attitude towards its customers on this particular product.UPDATE 12/2006
 Despite being able to copy transactions in the investmentcenter I was unable to paste them.You ca n't merge two investment accounts.You ca n't export the data and then reimport it . Thedocumentation says they are going with OFX instead of QIFand that 's why I ca n't import . I did n't find an OFX import , and I ca n't do an OFX export . Basically it was borken with2005 and has not been fixed.I contacted support and was told that they do n't support exportand reimport and do n't support merging of investment centeraccounts.I also do n't like the new quick entry investment editor thatallows you to edit the rows , but not see the selections foreach of the columns -LRB- enough to store about 10 characters -RRB- andI ca n't change the column widths . At least the entry editorfrom the last version is still available.This all came up when one of the businesses I use finally nowworks with quicken after a year of being available but notworking . I expected the data to map to two accounts camein as one set of transactions for one account . Now I ca n'tget the transacations into the separate accounts nor can Imerge the accounts in quicken.The end result here is that I just continue to enter the datamanually and not use the online interface .
 I 've been using Quicken since 1990 , though I 'd hesitate to say I 'm a loyal user . Oh how I wish there was a company to come out with an alternative to Quicken or Money ! Like the two internet services available locally , both are expensive and both provide poor service , but they are the ONLY TWO AVAILABLE . JayD 's review below , `` A less extreme view '' is so true . So is the one by `` Jo Gusto . '' The 2006 version of Quicken implemented a feature that rendered my carefully maintained database of investment accounts tied to on-line downloads utterly unmanageable . I probably would have gone back to the 2005 version , but I know that Quicken eventually disowns previous versions and makes it impossible to download tranasactions AT ALL ! Us Quicken users are like Charlie Brown who always thinks he 'll be able to kick the football only to have it pulled out from under him by Lucy . We buy the new version because SURELY they will have fixed the bugs only to find the old ones AND some new ones ! Aaaargh !
 I have been using Q for close to 20 years . Once you have that much data in it , it 's hard -LRB- or at least scary -RRB- to switch to a new program . Everytime I send Q upgrade money I keep hoping they will fix the bugs . The worst ones being data corruption . Q stores all your data in a database . Unfortunately there db design is also about 20 years old and gets corrupted . When it gets corrupted it 's bad , you can loose data , funny things will happen -LRB- transactions lost , bad totals , duplicate entries -RRB- . It happens to me about every 4-6 months . Being aware of this I backup Q every couple of days.Tech support very bad . Intuit uses it as a revenue stream . You get free online and email . But the answer usually is `` this is to complicated for email please call 1-800-India '' ; Have your credit card ready $ 25/each . I do n't like the MS Money interface ; I hate the Quicken bugs but I am still using it .
 I got this upgrade to better track my 401k and I wish I had n't . I 've been a loyal Quicken user for almost ten years and I would discourage anyone from getting this version . The screens are way too busy , the functionality is too complicated , and the help section just leads you around in circles . I have a business degree so I understand the basics of accounting , but you 'd have to be a CPA to understand this . Either that or it 's just bad programming . Keep the packaging if you get it , you 'll need it to return it . I know , I 've tried .
 Quicken is a pretty good software and may even do things better than MS Money -- which I currently own . The problem I have is that This version , and has been since Quicken 2005 -- or so I 'm told by Quicken , only uses their proprietary format QIF . It does n't use the Open Financial Exchange format -LRB- OFX -RRB- like MS Money . If ALL of your financial institutions , including those you MIGHT use , do n't support QIF prepare for lots of manual entries.I decided to go back to my MS Money and get a refund for Quicken .
 Quicken 06 looked pretty intriguing , and I was due for an upgrade to my copy of Money 04 so I decided to try and make the switch.The quick version
 No . QIF support , ads running while using the software . You are paying for this program with ads running ? I thought only freeware or shareware comes with ads , but his junk also !
 Aaaargh ! Stay away ! My Quicken QDF file is corrupt -LRB- again . -RRB- -LRB- Apparently , due to a download ? -RRB- Quicken 's customer service wo n't help ... what customer service ? I have to go back through ten years of statements and enter them again ! This product is nightmare . It used to be good . Intuit wants to be bank now , so they do n't care about lowly Quicken users . -LRB- However , every two or three years they will require you to buy their latest version -- whether or not it works -- because the one you bought will no longer function properly . -RRB- I wish I did not spend so much time learning and using this product . When I needed it most , at end-of-year tax-time , Quicken killed me . If you buy this product , I promise you that your day , too , will come . Look around , I am not the only one complaining . Good luck .
 My wife thought getting Quicken would make getting our financial info together and keeping it updated a breeze . We got this in late 2005 and started setting it up in January 2006 . After entering loads of information and trying to get the online update to work with all of our various banks / credit cards / investments , it now sits idle , a year later . A total waste of our money and time . If you think that this is some well designed program that will make keeping tabs on your finances simple , think again . I have an accounting background , I am comfortable with collecting and collating financial information . Quickbooks just does n't handle the easy quick update data well , and it still requires that you be diligent and enter transactions and categorize expenditures . If you have the discipline to do this , and you are already doing it on spreadsheets , etc. , then you may like Quicken . If not , you 'd better be prepared to invest even more time into organizing and categorizing your finances .
 Quicken wants to rule the financial software world but I think they are will do the opposite . They have eliminated QIF imports so that they can force you to use a format that almost no one supports . Stick with Quicken 2004 and you will still be able to import your transactions from your financial institution . I wish I had n't wasted my money .
 Why do n't the people at Quicken/Intuit just come out and charge people 20 bucks a year for their software ? These forced upgrades to shoddy software just do n't work . I 've tried this new version and have several problems :1 -RRB- It 's not stable . I 've had to restart the software numerous times for no apparent reason .2 -RRB- The ads . I really , really resent paying them money to be bombarded with ads for their products . If this is ad-supported software should n't it be cheaper ? 3 -RRB- They still have n't fixed bugs from the dos version -LRB- the reconcile bug is still there after 10 years -RRB- . Until , they get their act together I 'll be working with Excel .
 I just spent $ 60 on this at the store , brought it home , installed it , went to my desktop , and it had put 4 advertising icons on my desktop -- credit card , credit report , bank , and online bill paying . I just spent $ 60 to put advertising icons on my desktop . I have n't even opened Quicken yet . Words ca n't express how furious I am right now.If it was n't 11:30 pm I would take this straight back to the store.Update
 I love Quicken . Loved it so much I bought Quicken 2006 for my new Dell Laptop . I have yet to install it successfully after much help from Intuit and Dell and I 'm not the only one having issues . Quicken 2006 does not like XP Home w / Service Pack 2 . I installed it on my XP Pro w/SP2 like a dream . I installed it on my old XP Pro SP1 . But on my laptop it will not go . Pretty lost right now since I have everything in Quicken , and need to use it from laptop .
 I have used the various iterations of the quicken product for 10 + years . I love the product and it has served me well . BUT ... this years version quite simply DOES NOT WORK on my Windows 2000 system . It will not start . Splash screen appears and it crashes out.I contacted customer support and they were unable to resolve the problem . Perviewing the support forums , version 2006 is riddled with problems . Stay away from version 2006 , and use 2005 or 2004 . Maybe next year 's version will be better and um ... work.I have since reinstalled Quicken 2004 and run currently with NO hiccups .
 You Should note that Intuit will not support this version after April 2009 . Otherwise works fine if you do n't need any Internet support .
 I 've been using Quicken products since prior to 1999 . Until recently I was using Quicken 2002 and decided to upgrade . I bought a 2006 Quicken software package and discovered that starting with this edition , Quicken FORCED you to use the internet and go thru their internet access to retrieve your own data from your bank . For security reasons I did not want to use my new computer on the internet but Quicken offered no other options . One is forced to supply Quicken with personal financial information instead of using a simple file download from one 's bank . I felt this was outrageous and found other means , outside of Quicken to do my banking business . I will not buy Quicken products again .
 I tried upgrading from Quicken 2001 to Quicken 2006 Deluxe and liked everything about it except the most important thing
 ** Like several folks who wrote before me , I was satisfied with an older version that I had purchased but was forced to upgrade by Intuit because they would not continue to let my older version connect to my bank . That really does not seem right . Other reviewers noted that there installation had trouble or the software did not work with their particular banks , a problem that I did not have . Changing to this new software was really a pain though . ** There are no features in this new product that I need or want . The interface is significantly different from my 2003 release so I have to spend time learning how to deal with that . ** When you go on-line for the first time , it treats you as a new on-line user as though you had never done it before , and runs you through a burdensome registration procedure and insists that you must know your quicken.com userid and password , something long since forgotten . ** I am very annoyed with the amount of advertisements that this product puts you through . Without asking , it installed six icons on my desktop for credit cards and other financial services that I do n't want . Within the application , it points you to a star in the ledger screen , when you click on it ; it takes you online to rate local businesses . ** I have not used application but only a few hours and already I 'm finding silly bugs . For example , when you 're on-line session finishes , Quicken flashes up a big summary screen that outlines all the things that it did -LRB- number of transactions exchanged , that sort of thing -RRB- . There is a check box you can check that says to not show you the screen again unless there is some sort of error . Even when you check it , you still get the screen even when there are no errors . ** When you first sign on , it asks to go online and check for updates , that seems like a find thing to do . But once the update is downloaded , the process to apply the update insists that Quicken must be closed but will not let you get to the window to close it.Low ratings for making me pay to an upgrade that I did not need or want , for all the stupid advertisements , for a clunky upgrade process , and for moving me from a stable product to a buggy product .
 I have run Quicken accounts since 2000 . From 2000 to late 2005 all my balances , both stock and bank , have been fine , and generally everything else was accepatble.Prior to using Quicken , I used Managing your Money -LRB- MYM , remember that one ? -RRB- and a Schwab software package back to the early 1990s . Since I `` upgraded '' to Quicken 2006 , both my stock and bank accounts have gone out of whack . In over 15 years of using personal accounting software , I have never experienced the kind of problems I have now encountered.Quicken help has been of no help at all - Quicken help is now outsourced to India , and the people I contacted -LRB- and which you would need to contact -RRB- dont use Quicken , so they do n't really know much about it . In my case , I got instructions about how to use the `` command '' button to fix a problem -LRB- I use a Dell PC - command buttons only exist on MACs -RRB- , then I got instructions about how to export to QIF files and import back -LRB- which of course , duplicates the account entries -RRB- . . Basically , there appear to be indexing -LRB- and other -RRB- problems that are not easily resolvable from any Quicken menu entries.Just my opinion , but after 5 years of relatively smooth Quicken operation , the waters have gotten awfully rough.I ca n't help but think this is because the software development and help was outsourced.Whatever the reason , now the system seems like it is falling apart .
 After being a loyal quicken user for twelve years , this is the last version of quicken I 'll ever buy . I wish I could get my money back . I 'm switching to Moneydance.Here 's my beefs . The program scrolls annoying ads across the borders of my screen ; no way to turn them off . Without permission , it accesses the internet and downloads new ads . It hangs my computer . I can only use it for about half an hour before I have to reset . If that 's not enough , after three years , it will automatically download an `` update '' that will disable major portions of the software . The `` fix , '' according to Intuit , is to buy a new version . Check out the fine print , if you recently got new glasses.Bad news and bad software from an increasingly arrogant company . Even Microsoft does n't intentionaly destroy their customer 's software to get us to buy new versions .
 Intuit disables downloads from financial institutions three years after the Quicken version date . Early this year users of Quicken 2003 will be forced to pay for a new version , even if they are happy with their current version . Intuit also no longer imports QIF files and requires institutions to pay Intuit for the right to use its QFX format . If your financial institution wo n't pay Intuit to use QFX you are out of luck and wo n't be able to download data . The bottom line is that Intuit no longer makes an upgrade that most of us want to buy so they are forcing us to purchase upgrades to make the company more money . This is a disgraceful , sleazy practice . Beware if you `` purchase '' this product . You are actually only renting it.Microsoft Money is not a good alternative because it also `` sunsets '' and stops downloading data after two or three years , and data conversion is usually a problem . Someone needs to offer a good alternative to Quicken and Money.If you need to upgrade I recommend Quicken Deluxe 2005 , provided you do not need QIF downloads . Intuit tells you in its letters and on its website , when indicating you need to upgrade in order to continue downloading account information , that you need to upgrade to the latest version -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . That is not true . Buying the 2005 version on Amazon or eBay costs much less and allows you to continue downloading for a few more years . Also , by buying an older version you get the latest `` fixes '' the first time you download data , which should correct most of the bugs other users complain about .
 This is a bad program designed to fatten Intuit and leave the purchaser with little of value . I have used Quickbooks for many years but i am sick of Intuit and its greedy business practices . Impossible to download data even with a QIF to OFX conversion program .
 I purchased this version for my home business . I needed to print invoices and track inventory . Also I liked the check printing feature . They failed to mention that you will need to order `` Special '' checks from them.The invoicing feature is very lacking in features and customability . You ca n't add shipping charges without making it a `` Product '' . It did mention if you want ALL of the custom features , you need to order their Top Of The Line Quicken business program.Half of the toolbar seems dedicated to advertising products that you will need to make the program work the way you wanted it to work in the first place . If you are looking to buy this product , look on eBay , that 's where my version will be tonight .
 I just got Quicken 2006 Home and business and found it worthless . I am a first time user and what a waste of money . It always gives me negative bank account although it is positive . I have a money market account with Vanguard to which my salary is direct deposited , it always consider the deposit negative and deduct it from my account , it did n't even let me put the money market account in the cash flow category . It could n't get the right brokerage account amount from fidelity . In short I wish I could get my money back . I am wondering if microsoft money is better !!!!
 I am a first time user . I did consider myself to be moderately intelligent too but WOW I am lost ! I was hoping to use this to get my finances in order but it will take me less time and headache to do it by hand . If you do n't like data entry , do n't get this product .
 I got a copy of Quicken 2006 mainly to organize credit card statements , bank accounts and brokerage transactions . I 've used TurboTax before and Intuit has done a good job with that product when it comes to downloaded information.No such luck with Quicken . Here 's a list of what I tried :1 . Citibank - I had to practically manually download the data from the citibank website . The resulting data seemed accurate .2 . DinersClub Mastercard - no support from within Quicken -LRB- you have to go to the web site and download quicken files -RRB- .3 . Brown and Company Brokerage - downloaded but the resulting data was inaccurate in many ways .4 . Credit Suisse Brokerage - download worked - most data was ok but it could n't recover the `` basis '' information from the account.I 'm packing up the software and sending it back . I 'm sure Intuit would probably blame the various institutions but it 's too far off to even bother looking for support .
 I have been using Quicken H&B ; version since version 98 . In general , I have been a happy camper . Last month , I got a warning from inside my 2003 version that the all on-line downloading feature would be discontinued in April if I do n't upgrade -LRB- they call it `` retail '' or something like that -RRB- . So I bought the 2006 version without much research and hesitation judged by the past upgrade experience . Boy , what a mistake ! First , I can not import the qif data from my credit union and bank any more . Then I got an error saying the data downloaded from one of my credit card companies was saved in a account no longer existing in my registry , what 's going on ? Then there are data problems with my investing accounts . I basically spent 5 hours `` fixing '' the data . This is getting ridiculous.If you are upgrading , my suggestion to you is to do thorough research first . If you are start from scratch , forget it , look for something else .
 1 . EXTREMELY confusing to use2 . Does n't download data from banks/financial institutions as it is supposed to so you manually have to enter your checkbook/credit card bills/investment information . This takes so much time it is not worth using the program.Sorry i bought it .
 If you are a loyal user , I suggest you boycott the 2006 & all other versions until they bring the QIF support function back . It is totally useless if one has to go back to entering charges manually since most banks will not be submitting to the strong-arm tactics of Intuit to get more money . Do n't they make enough money with their yearly $ 89.99 version upgrades!This is truly a disservice to the customer . I have upgraded faithfully since I first began using Quicken products but will be getting a refund of this version .
 The original 30 minutes I devoted to setting up with info was the easy part . This program is tough to learn or understand . I have no problem with Photo Shop , Flash or Quick Books Pro but this is crazy . I 'll try something else .
 I bought this software to be able to download my financial information like checking , visa , etc. . Then I found out that my financial instutions are not subscribers to quicken , but do allow downloading in the qif , ofx , and cma formats ... You would think that with ofx being there I would be able to import this into the quicken software but I was not able to ... quicken only allows its version of ofx to import into checking , savings , visa , etc. and as far as qif files it says that it can be imported , but here again not into checking , savings , visa , etc. . . I think that buyer are better off buying something else ...
 According to support at Intuit , Quicken 2006 is NOT compatible with a system running Windows XP SP2 . This is a standard configuration for most systems running XP and was released prior to Quicken 2006 . From a security perspective , this is now considered a baseline by most users.Prior to purchase , you may want to read the posts in the Quicken Forums . You can access them at : www.quickenforums.comI did not attempt to install the program . Quicken recommends uninstalling SP2 and then re-installing , and I believe they have some other fixes . While these might work , this type of workaround was not acceptable to me given the broad support and relative stability of XP SP2 . I sent it back for a refund.Proceed at your own risk .
 Intuit 's decision to switch file formats , stop supporting the popular old format , and charge banks to present users with the new format reeks of greed and a complete disregard for customer satisfaction.The need to enter transactions by hand renders the program unusable . The skimpy in-program support and non-intuitive interface make the program unpleasant as well .
 There is a critical bug in quicken 2006 that renders an otherwise good program virtually unusable . This is compounded by the poor support that quicken provides for suckers , er , I mean customers.Users foolish enough to follow on screen prompts and register their software will find that this program component will corrupt their program files so that the program will no longer start . This error is 100 % reproduceable . Here 's where the fun begins ... I personally searched quicken 's on-line help and found no reference to this bug . However , that 's not because quicken is n't aware of it ; see below.I then exchanged five different emails with quicken support . I would note that since quicken support is in India , there 's probably no one there named Allison . Ah , the lies we weave when we seek to deceive , but I digress ... It was clear that no one was reading my emails . I stated clearly that I had a download version of the program , and received more than one reply that began with `` insert the CD into the drive ... '' . I finally gave up on email and called quicken phone support . The rep I spoke with was quite familiar with my problem -LRB- see above -RRB- and was able to provide me with an undocumented cheat code to disable the broken program component . At this point the program seems to work , but given it 's track record my hopes are not high .
 I recently purchased this program and Intuit has disabled so many features . I can no longer use quicken with half of my banks . Apparently there is some type of extortion attempt by quicken to get all our banks to pay them ridiculous fees . In the mean time , all my banks still use the . qif format , which is disabled in this version of the program . Despite that fact , quicken makes users use the ofx format ... which none of my banks support.Really , Intuit should be totally ashamed of themselves . I am so dissaointed with them as a company !
 with the lack of . QIF support , this version of Quicken is a shell of the prior versions . Not all banks will pay the big bucks for Quicken 's new format charges . Buy an older version instead of this .
 I have been using MS Money Deluxe since 1999 and Taxcut tax software so I 've been upgrading my Money software each year . Money has some problems so this year I decided to change to Quicken small business . BIG MISTAKE !!!! Quicken has changed it 's bank download format and is charging banks thousands of dollars to use the new format . My credit union said they will not use Quicken 's new format . They do have the QIF format available . In Quicken 's advertising , if you look carefully enough , you will discover that you can not use the QIF download format for checking and savings accounts . What I find strange is that I used Peachtree in the small company I used to work for , I took a Quickbooks class at my local Tech school , and this problem of Intuit changing their standards never came up . I also found the look and feel of the Quicken pages confusing and different from Quickbooks and MS Money . My recommendation would be that IF your bank will offer the new Quicken format that you will be satisfied with the changes . Personally I am dissapointed , and had looked forward to changing to the Quicken , Intuit software .
 I have been using Q for close to 20 years . Once you have that much data in it , it 's hard -LRB- or at least scary -RRB- to switch to a new program . Everytime I send Q upgrade money I keep hoping they will fix the bugs . The worst ones being data corruption . Q stores all your data in a database . Unfortunately there db design is also about 20 years old and gets corrupted . When it gets corrupted it 's bad , you can loose data , funny things will happen -LRB- transactions lost , bad totals , duplicate entries -RRB- . It happens to me about every 4-6 months . Being aware of this I backup Q every couple of days.Tech support very bad . Intuit uses it as a revenue stream . You get free online and email . But the answer usually is `` this is to complicated for email please call 1-800-India '' ; Have your credit card ready $ 25/each . I do n't like the MS Money interface ; I hate Quicken but I am still using it .
 Dropping the QIF files -LRB- Quicken 's own proprietary format -RRB- is BIG deal that serves only to rip off loyal users . My bank of more than 26 years provides both QIF and OFX formats , but QIF is free and OFX requires a monthly subscription fee that would pay the cost of Microsoft Money , which still downloads QIF files for free . You do the arithmetic . Add to that , the many institutions that do n't provide data in OFX format , but do provide QIF files . Any `` technical proficiency '' is undone by the unavailability of data , or the unnecessary charges for providing one 's own financial data for a fee . Here we are , helping financial institutions reduce their costs by going online and they gouge us further -- like adding fees for using ATM 's , or adding fees for using your `` debit '' card instead of `` credit '' card to spend your own money . There is no economic justification nor rational reason for doing that , save plain old greed.Fight back . Get Microsoft Money , which still downloads both formats . Let Intuit get the message of consumer dissatisfaction . Ironic that Microsoft has figured this one out .
 Good luck getting this game to work under Windows XP . Even running in compatibility mode , I never got this game to function . It appears to be fundamentally incompatible with Windows operating systems after Windows 98 SE . Bummer because I really liked playing this version of computer bridge . Maybe one day the game will be revved to work under a modern operating system .
 I just bought Quicken 2006 -LRB- Premier -RRB- . I had been using Quicken 2000 and wanted to update my ability to manage my investments . I was dismayed by the bad reviews here , but could n't find a product that looked any better , so I bought it and hoped for the best.So far , I 've been very disappointed . I have had nothing but problems with the investment management functionality . When I set up my accounts initially , each time I went through the setup wizard I got different choices for no good reason that I could see . Even though I own the same mutual fund in more than one investment account , the wizard would n't let me do this and I had to set up with the accounts with zero balances then go back and enter my transactions outside the wizard . When I liquidated one investment account and tried to transfer the cash to a new account , Quicken asked me whether this was a contribution to a 2005 or 2006 IRA , and there was no way to say that this IRA was ten years old . Then , when I tried to set up to download my account activity , the main reason I bought this product , Quicken would only let me set it up on some accounts , even though the accounts that do n't work are all with Fidelity , Fidelity tells me these accounts can be downloaded to Quicken , and I have other Fidelity accounts that I have been able to download in Quicken . I suspect that the problem is that my husband and I have four separate accounts with Fidelity with different customer IDs and PINs , but I ca n't verify that . In fact , Quicken has a `` PIN Vault '' to let you store your PINs for downloading , but it only lets you store one PIN per financial institution , not one per account.I 've tried to figure out all of these problems , to no avail . I started with Quicken 's help . No help . I went to their web site and searched the knowledge base . When I have found documents that looked relevant , they were missing . Then I tried live help . Their web site lets you type in questions for the investment center and submit them , but then you get a message saying that investment center questions are too complicated for live help and to try email . In the meantime , the question you typed in has disappeared , and you have to re-enter everything . Then , every time I 've asked one of these questions through email , I 'm told that I have to call their technical support line , which costs $ 25 per call.This product and the so-called support that goes along with it are a disgrace!Addition
 I used and was happy with Quicken 2003 . After being nagged into upgrading , I bought the 2006 version . What they DO N'T TELL YOU is that it installs a proprietary version of QIF called OFX that will not work on many of your accounts . They charge the financial institutions for the privilege . They expect you , the customer , to pester your bank into using it!What if Ford called your car in for a free upgrade recall but after you got it home you find that it will only work with a special FORD GAS ? Would you feel a little ripped off?This is what Quicken has done.Worst of all , Quicken 2006 can no longer import some of my credit cards statements . I have to enter them by hand ! With 2006 , Intuit has removed the ability to import QIF for most accounts . Apparently , they want to lock in their customers and financial institutions to using their proprietary flavor of OFX -LRB- the replacement of QIF -RRB- . This requires financial institutions to pay Intuit some fees and not all financial institutions agree . Why not use standard OFX ? Note that Microsoft Money seems to not have this problem , because Microsoft uses standard OFX . I am no fan of Microsoft , but by being less greedy than Intuit they made a smart move here , and Microsoft Money now looks more attractive than Quicken , because it is more open.I will be switching to MONEY.Buried in the help data -LRB- where only a tiny fraction of displeased customers will find it -RRB- is the offer to accept the product back for a refund . I encourage everyone to do so . Duplicity should not be rewarded .
 I finally decided it was time to upgrade from Quicken '99 -LRB- which I really liked -RRB- so that I could download stock quotes from the internet . Guess what - Quicken 2006 wo n't download preferred stock quotes , options quotes , or the pink sheet symbols for Canadian stocks ! Quicken.com has all those types of quotes available , but they wo n't download into the program , making it largely useless for me . The only work-around is to create a Yahoo portfolio , download it as a csv file , then import it into Quicken . And even then , there is no `` browse '' to find the file . You have to manually type in the path EVERY DAY!Downloading accounts from financial institutions is a great feature with one exception
 I am a longtime Quicken user - more than 10 years . I decided to upgrade from Quicken 2003 to Quicken 2006 . - Installation did not go smoothly . 2006 could not recognize my 2003 files . I called support . It turns out there is a known issue sometimes with conversion from previous versions . I had to uninstall 2006 , re-install previous version , call again the technician etc. . . so much for the ` easy upgrade ' that is advertised . - After installation , my desktop was cluttered with icons advertising various products such as credit cards and online banks . - After one week of usage , the software had frozen several times my computer and I had to reboot every time . I ca n't recall Quicken 2003 ever crashing.Worst of all , Quicken 2006 can no longer import some of my credit cards statements . I have to enter them by hand ! With 2006 , Intuit has removed the ability to import QIF for most accounts . Apparently , they want to lock in their customers and financial institutions to using their proprietary flavor of OFX -LRB- the replacement of QIF -RRB- . This requires financial institutions to pay Intuit some fees and not all financial institutions agree . Why not use standard OFX ? Note that Microsoft Money seems to not have this problem , because Microsoft uses standard OFX . I am no fan of Microsoft , but by beeing less greedy than Intuit they made a smart move here , and Microsoft Money now looks more attractive than Quicken , because it is more open.I give 2 stars because if you 're lucky -LRB- no crashes and your financial accounts statements continue to work -RRB- , the software has useful features.Overall , the upgrade was a source of so many problems that I would not recommend it . Use caution . If you are a new buyer , you should investigate Microsoft Money .
 If you plan on using Quicken to track investments beware that they will assign improper prices for any security that you hold where you have more than one class of that security.When you address the issue to Intuit you might as well be talking to a monkey , in fact you probably are.I went to the extent of deciphering the Quicken OFX log which showed that my financial instituiton and quicken were downloading proper prices , but that the quicken pc software then matched those prices against the wrong security . The first respons I got just said that I could send them the problem again , the second said to go to the quicken web page to get the price , and the third told me again I could get help by either phoning them , emailing them , or doing a on-line chat . This was after my third email with detailed explanation , copies of their OFX log , and copies of their price files , all showing the problem.I 'll probably try money but given its reviews I am not hopeful .
 I 've used quicken on and off since it 's DOS days and had to finally upgrade after combining 2 families into one . I thought I knew the product and I needed a tool to keep track of the now consolidated income and outflow of expenses . Boy was I wrong . The simplest thing - downloading your bankstatement is no longer available unless your bank supports `` Their porpriatary '' version of the . OFX file . `` Qif '' files are no longer supported as a method of exporting banking , creditcard information or investment information and transactions . I belong to a nice Credit Union that is doing it 's best to save me money and refuses to add extra fees to its customers because it 's forced to pay Intuit to use its style of programing . It 's scarey to me that Microsoft is comeing out as a winner as a result of this but it is true and I 'm going to swich over to Microsoft Money as a result .
 I had to convert from Quicken 2003 because they were sunsetting the software . Now entering a transaction in the register takes over a minute . I have a large file -LRB- 40MB -RRB- and that simply does not work in Quicken 2006 . After the usual couple of hours wasted with ignorant customer support , the supervisor pretty much admitted that the bells and whistles cause performance issues for large volume users but that is still a good business decision for Intuit.Anyway , thanks Intuit for stranding me and making my turn to your competitors .
 I recently upgraded from Quicken 2005 to Quicken Premier 2006 . I am not a heavy user , but I have used Quicken for over 5 years , keeping books for two entities . Already I have discovered two very irritating changes that I consider bugs and been told they are features : Each entity uses a different check format . Previous versions remembered which check format each used . Now I find it is up to me to remember to change the printer setup from wallet checks to voucher checks or vice-versa each time I print checks . I have ruined numerous checks for my silly failure to remember each time.Report titles have an appended year and history number appended to them , like `` 2006 Expendatures vs Budget - 2006:3 '' . It is either difficult or impossible to get rid of the '' -2006:3 '' part of the title . Previously I had complete control over the report title printed in bold , large font at the top of the page . Why on earth would they take that small privilege away from us ?
 I upgraded from Quicken 2003 . The new bells and whistles are not that impressive . I recommend it to new users but not as an upgrade .
 After using MS Money for years and wondering if Quicken had something more , I took the leap and purchased Quicken Premier.After using the product for a few weeks , I can tell you that Microsoft is the hands-down winner for personal finance products . Quicken 's interface is absolutely horrid ! Moving from field to field for data entry is cumbersome , it ca n't reconcile my simple portfolio , and does n't conform to standard key shortcuts . Data entry is an absolute miserable experience.While Money eliminates most of the headaches around financial management , Quicken amplifies them ... If you 're using Money , do not switch ! If you 're using Quicken , believe me , there is a much better product out there!I will be taking advantage of Quicken 's 100 % satifisfaction policy and returning this product ASAP !
 My new investment and tax advisor recommended that I try Quicken Premier to run as a central place for my online investment activities , etc. . I own a small business and have QuickBooks which I have used uneventfully for 3 + years . The INSTANT that I installed Quicken Premier , my system during the restart , ran significantly slower . Then I tried to open QuickBooks and WHAMMO ! Nothing . Ca n't even open it to Repair it . I called the geniuses in Bangalore in Tech Support -LRB- I am being facetious -RRB- - and was promptly asked to part with $ 75 bucks for tech support - even though Premier crashed my QuickBooks . After Dumb and Dumber kept me on hold and had me Unistall and Install 50 times - then had me hold down the Control Key and try to open - Still NOT OPENING ! I gave up . My controller drove over to my house with her laptop . NOT PLEASED . So far this `` investment '' tool has set me back $ 150 for software and support - plus I have wasted about 5 hours of my time - which as a Consultant is about $ 500 !! If you have QuickBooks DO NOT INSTALL QUICKEN IN THE SAME ZIP CODE .
 I hate to come down so hard on a program that is so widely used , but my experience with Quicken has been awful . At first I thought it was because I was simply used to other -LRB- easier to use -RRB- money programs . But I have suffered with Quicken for three years now and I am giving up and moving on.The top three problems with Quicken :1 . Typing-in the date of a new year -LRB- for example moving from 2006 to 2007 -RRB- automatically starts the new year and silently wipes out all cleared transactions for the previous year . This alone makes this -LRB- or any program -RRB- unusable . The one thing that no program can ever do is silently delete massive amounts of data without a confirmation , backup or even telling you it is happening . Because it is silent , you exit the program normally , create a back-up of the session and , in the process , overwrite your previous back-up . You lose all of your history with no way to recover it .2 . Reports seem flexible at first , but flexibility brings complexity . The problem is , there is no way to browse categories -LRB- their name for where you spend your money -RRB- and see a quick summary . You have to run a report every time you want to view an account or category . You can create them and save them , making it relatively easy to rerun them , but you have to rerun them . You ca n't simply browse and see the status of categories -LRB- how much did I spend on gas ? food ? postage ? Christmas ? etc. -RRB- nor can you quickly see which have had activity or not this month -LRB- handy for seeing if you forgot to pay a bill -RRB- .3 . Creating split transactions is harder than it needs or ought to be - it is a click machine . The number of steps -LRB- or clicks -RRB- required to do simple things does n't seem so bad at first . But once you start entering a list of transactions , you find it to be onerous . If a split is the same over and over , that 's easy . If it changes each time you visit a store -LRB- like , say , Costco -RRB- , it is a pain.I am not a novice user . I have used personal computers since the early 80 's for business and pleasure . No program has caused me the irritation and frustration that Quicken has . I have worked extensively with their customer support and they ca n't recover my data .
 Before you buy this and think you will download all the information from your bank and 401K information check to make sure they do n't use QIF files ; because if they do you will be stuck will a $ 60 coaster for you end table as the program will be worthless to you.Customer service is terrible and the product is a complete waste of time!BEWARE !
 The benefit of financial software derives in large part from the ability to download transactions from multiple accounts at multiple financial institutions into a single , organized place . Unfortunately , in an effort to squeeze every last penny from its customers and their financial institutions , Quicken has created a dysfunctional product.Let me explain . In recent versions of Quicken , Intuit has replaced its old , but widely accepted , QIF file format with the newer QFX file format . Although Intuit claims that QFX is technically superior to QIF -LRB- in many ways , this is true -RRB- , the real issue is that Intuit is able to charge financial institutions a fee to allow customers to import QFX files . For example , I am able to download my transaction history from Vanguard in QFX format , but I ca n't import the file into Quicken because Vanguard has apparently not paid Intuit a fee to allow Mac users to do this . Such extortion was not possible with the QIF file format.Bottom line
 I 've been an MS Money user for the past decade . I made the switch to Mac this past year . I bought a copy of Quicken 2006 with the hope that it would be as simple and enjoyable to use as other Mac programs . I was surprisingly disappointed.MS Money is far more intuitive to use than Quicken for Mac . Things seem exceedingly cumbersome to navigate for Quicken . For example , lets say you want to look at a graphical report for an account . You have to go through entirely too many steps to get there . By the time you do , you 've forgotten why you went there in the first place.This is just one example . I gave it a try , did n't like it , and wo n't recommend it.If your on a Mac and have a complicated financial profile , like most of us these days , here are other financial management options .1 -RRB- Use BootCamp or Parallels , buy a copy of windows and use MS Money .2 -RRB- Download other Mac financial software programs such as IBank or MoneyDance .3 -RRB- Suffer through this horrible program until they truly commit to the Mac platform and improve its performance.Final thought
 Upgrade to Quicken 2006 if you must , but understand that you will be dealing with a very slow program , that lacks basic features and is prone to crashing . I have used Quicken for many years , but I am increasingly dissatisfied with it . Quicken 2006 has probably put the nail in Intuit 's coffin for good , and I will probably switch to a better alternative next time around . I 'm not even sure how long I can tolerate this one.First the program is SLOOOOOOW . Keystroke lag is acute , and like something out of the '80s , and simple operations also drag . Worst of all is the Reconcile function , that is so slow to start that the spinning beachball appears . Ouch ! This is simply unnacceptable in a 2006 product.Second , it is buggy . I have had frequent crashes during simple operations over and over again . It would seem that Intuit could n't care less about the Mac , and is putting a bunch of Windoze programmers to write the code in their spare time.Third , Intuit wants $ 50 + for a program that contains essentially nothing new . In fact some features are so limited that you wonder why they are in there . For example , take graphing . The available graphing functions are so limited that you need to transcribe the data into Excel to do it . One simple graphing facility would be to graph expenditure on some expense category month by month . You ca n't do it - everything is tied to budgets , and there is almost no flexibility built in.I could go on , but why bother . My advice is to steer clear of this rip-off , and look somewhere else to manage your finances .
 Quicken Mac 2006 is not much of an upgrade . Compared to the 2004 version , the only change I can see is the color on some charts and some very minor changes . Quicken for PC is an excellent program . Quicken for Mac is mediocre . If you do n't have any finance software and have a Mac , Quicken might still be your best bet . But do n't pay for an upgrade if you have an earlier version - you 'll get zero for your dollar . -LRB- I will give Quicken credit for backing their lame product with a money back guarantee ... and I will take them up on their offer . -RRB- I 'd be happy to pay $ 99 for a Quicken Mac comparable to the PC version , but this is n't it .
 I have been using Quicken 2003 for years . It has a few bugs so I figured I would finally upgrade to 2006 . None of the bugs in the older version are fixed , and there are actually a couple of new bugs . The functionality has been changed very little , and in the few ways it has been changed it is worse .
 I 've been using Quicken for more than 10 years . I started as a Windows user , and transferred to Quicken for Mac -LRB- QM -RRB- when I switched to the Mac in 2001 . Sadly , QM appears to be the red-headed stepchild in the Intuit family . QM is consistently buggy . The user interface is dated -LRB- even moreso when compared with a current version of Quicken for Windows -RRB- . My current issue with QM is that I can not switch between Quicken data files without it crashing . I have two separate data files
 First , you can NEVER quit the application . You must ALWAYS force quit . Second , a majority of the functions will not work , such as one step updates and importing data . There 's always some sort of error message that comes along with this . Third you can not use Quicken web connect . Fourth you CAN NOT EVEN OPEN UP THE SUPPORT PAGE FOR THIS PRODUCT.This is an absolute rip-off such that I would feel absolutely appropriate referring this to the local DA 's office for a criminal complaint.Update : OK , after 6 months , I wondered what this icon was still doing in my dock so I decided to give it another try.I was able to open it
 I have just switched from a Windows PC to a Mac . It rocks . Except that I now have no good way of keeping my finances organized . My Mac shipped with this pre-installed and I ca n't get along with it . I have fired up my old laptop and have reverted to MS Money 2002 . I admit to being biased by familiarity but I consider it far superioer . I have accounts in the US and the UK which I can not manage both together on Quicken . No problem on Money . The system of creating and displaying reports is also far superior and more intuitive on Money than on Quicken . This is my only negative Mac experience . I wish that there was an alternative . Back to the laptop for now .
 I should have listened to the reviewers trashing this release . I figured as there were three patches released when I ordered it , the bugs should have been worked out and the program would be stable . I was wrong.I knew things were going badly when the first thing the program did when I started it after applying R3 was unexpectedly quit . I used it without problems doing basic check entries for a couple of days , but then I went to add a new register . It unexpectedly quit . When I restarted and looked at the new register I had created , it quit again . After restarting the program , I went to submit a problem report . It quit again . It then quit every time I tried to start it until I logged out and logged back in.As the quits were n't at all unexpected , and I had received absolutely no replies to my problem reports , I decided to call it quits . I am happy to report I received my refund check within 10 days of returning the software . It 's about the only thing associated with the program that worked .
 I 've been using Quicken on Windows for over 10 years . I also use Quickbooks On-line and I 'm an Intuit stockholder . I have loved all of Intuit 's products until now . Intuit , what is the deal with this software ? Buggy , hard to use?I think it 's great that Intuit is shipping free versions of Quicken on the new Macs . It 's a great opportunity to put a stick in Microsoft 's eye . But they 're squandering this opportunity with the quality of this software . I ran the conversion , and I 'm going to stick with the product -LRB- I did however , evaluate several OSX-based financial software competitiors - who I wo n't name here -RRB- - but please , please , please Intuit put some more RnD $ $ $ and effort behind this software and bring it up to your usual high standards !!!!
 I have used Quicken since '92 or ' 93 , and still prefer the polish of intuit to the alternatives available . I tried to `` upgrade '' to this product from Q2004 , after `` revision 3 '' became available -LRB- the initial release was full of bugs -RRB- . Unfortunately it still will not reliably run on my G5/X .4.2 - It requires a restart of the system , after which it will start only about a third of the time . On closing , it will not backup files and reliably will hang if I try to use it again without rebooting the system . After spending 6 hours working on this , I am forced to go back to a backup copy and Q2004 . I think now I 'll wait until Q2007 .
 I upgraded from a version of Quicken from circa 2002 . I do n't see many more useful features and this version is incredibly unresponsive on my PowerBook G4 1.33 . Even things like entering transactions or clicking on items in the reconcile window is almost intolerable due to the slow response . This is the worst software product I 've purchased in a LONG time .
 Clunky buggy and just plain pitiful . Especially when compared to their windows product . There is no way that this is worth the price.It crashes from me randomly -LRB- OS 10.4.2 / G5 -RRB- . Command Quit does n't and data-entry is a complete chore . There is no way thay can call this an upgrade . Please Apple create some financial software and do it right !
 I have depended on Quick for 8 years , and have always loved it . BUTI needed new checks and when I called Intuit to order more -LRB- $ 61.00 for 250 -RRB- they said I needed to upgrade my Quicken 2005 to Quicken 2006 or the bank would not accept the new checks , something about electronic scanning.So I ordered new checks and got ready to order Quicken 2006 until I read the reviews on it . I do n't do anything fancy - just keep track of my spending and catagorize my expenses , I hate to spend another $ 70 to just print out my checks . Maybe I will just handwrite them , since I pay so many things online , there are not so many to print out any more . I feel taken advantage of by Intuit , and/or the bank , but I don ; ' t know who to blame .
 Just upgraded Quicken 2004 to this QM2006 . After crashing on initial launch , it has crashed most of the times I try to open it . In the successful launches , it appears to work OK , but how can I trust entering data into a `` crashing '' program ? Stay with your older version on a Mac .
 I just switched over to the Mac after years on the PC . I own Quicken 2006 for Home and Business for the PC . I also happened to notice that Quicken for the Mac came preinstalled and I thought I would try it out . So I have the product , it was free , and it is terrible.Quite frankly it DOES NOT WORK . It crashes , refuses to quit unless you Force Quit , and most banks do not support it . That 's because Intuit cripples the support and forces banks to buy a `` Mac '' version of QFX . There is no reason why they need to do this and if you look around the Internet you can find scripts that convert PC QFX files to Mac QFX files.If you need Quicken , use Boot Camp or Parallels to run Windows and buy the Windows version of Quicken . That software actually works.Run away .
 I moved everything else over to a new Powerbook from 20 years of Windows with relative ease -LRB- relative -RRB- . Quicken is impossible to move . Only about 2 of 20 accounts transferred during the import/export effort . GIven many of the same comments in chats , I 've had to keep my WIndows version on a separate computer . The mac version does n't look remotely like the Windows version either.Probably the only way to use this version is to input everything from scratch on 1/1 , but then you lose all the history . Not a viable option .
 Worthless ! Every tool in Quicken is available free on the net -LRB- retirement calculators , household expense trackers ... -RRB- I got it for stock portfolio management , and it fails badly there too . Getting a large , old account up to date is a multi-hour root canal followed by the continuing necessity to manually update from the brokers downloaded transaction history . Not bad you say ? What if you have a bunch of stocks that pay dividends . . then keeping the cash balance current is a tedious chore . I do n't see a single thing this program does well .
 With the release of Macintosh 2006 , a bug appeared in the key-stroke combination for `` Quit . '' Frankly , it would n't quit unless the menu bar was used . I reported this to Quicken , but to no avail . It was not even acknowledged , so I accepted it . It will quit sporadically , but it appears to act as it should for at least a cycle after a check register entry.Well , I assume the `` bug '' was extinguished from Quicken 2007-Macintosh , but it is not . Another user has noted this and I feel vindicated ! One Quicken representative admitted that he has seen this issue.This evening a female technical representative called and made an unsupported claim that `` John '' probably did not understand my allegation despite my email archive . Once again , we went through all the gyrations , but with the same results . That `` quit '' bug still exists.I want to touch base with any Mac users with the same experience . Help would be appreciated !
 Several years ago , Intuit announced that they were going to discontinue Quicken for the Mac . After a personal phone call from Steve Jobs , the product was saved . Unfortunately , all development work must have still stopped at that time.Quicken for the Mac has not had a noteworthy upgrade in years . If you are recent `` switcher '' from a PC to Mac , take note that the Mac version of Quicken does not hold a candle to the PC version . They are quite different products . Quicken for the Mac looks and acts like a product from 1998 . It 's too bad because I love my Mac in every way . I just with * someone * made a decent personal finance software product for it .
 I 've been using Quicken on the Mac since 1988 . This version is a major mess from a pretty dysfunctional company . I purchased via the web on 08/01/05 . The version was very buggy from the start , crashing on launch virtually every time -LRB- under Tiger , if you tell it to relaunch after a crash two times , it automatically trashes a plist and Quicken would then launch until the next time -RRB- . Many users reported this on the Quicken forums . Not an isolated issue . On 08/5/05 Intuit to their credit updated a patch which seems to have fixed the problem . But this shows how poor Intuit 's Q&E ; and beta testing is . Worse , the company will NOT honor the rebate for those who purchased the product on 08/01 -LRB- rebate starts on 08/02 -RRB- . Again , these guys are not thinking!I plan to use the 30 day money back guarantee and get all my money back . However , I ca n't go back to Quicken 2005 since all my data files were updated for 2006 . I plan to purchase the box here in Amazon so I can at least get my rebate but this is really silly . I do n't need a box or manual and Intuit is silly for not simply honoring the rebates for people who purchased the day they released it.Is the update -LRB- it 's not really an upgrade -RRB- worth it ? Well they did speed up downloading transactions -LRB- it does n't download all the institutions every time -RRB- . The . Mac backup is nice and it works but is that worth $ 40 ? There are still bugs even beyond the patch fix . Command Q does n't always quit the product . When you place your account windows on screen where you wan them , they do not always remain in place after you relaunch . The command to check for updates does n't work -LRB- it pops a dialog saying you need to be connected to the web which I am -RRB- . So if you 're happy with the version you 're on , I 'm not sure this is money well spent.Shame , this used to be a fantastic Mac product .
 I 'm a software engineer , and I 've been a Quicken for Macintosh user for 10 years now , religiously accumulating data on every financial transaction I 've performed in the last decade . Quicken 2006 is the fourth release of the program I 've used . I use Quicken because I want to track my finances , back in 1995 it was the best choice , and at the time it did what I needed . I stuck with Quicken because it was always easier to upgrade to a new release every 3 years than search for other options , and occasionally I would get a free version when I upgraded my computer . I stayed with Quicken through the years they said they were not going to develop for the Mac platform anymore , and through their return to Macintosh support following the popularity of the iMac.Quicken has got worse , not better , over the years . Intuit has focused most of their energies towards shiny new features for a dwindling portion of their user base in an attempt to encourage users to upgrade . They neglect the user interface , but more importantly they have introduced bugs in the basic functioning of the program
 Nearly no improvements with all the bugs intact and more . The software crashes 9 out of 10 times upon launch -LRB- until you apply the R2 patch -RRB- . DO NOT upgrade !!! Stick with 2005/2004/2003 . In fact , I do n't see much difference between 2006 and 2003 , except the money they took from me and my time lost dealing with old and new bugs.The way I see it , Intuit owe me money and an apology .
 I used Microsoft Money for years , which made me cringe a bit because of my extreme dislike of Microsoft . I finally wised up and switched to mac which led me to quicken . I thought I would like it but it is awful.I 've had crashes , can not change print settings for reports and the online help is decent but takes forever.Don ' t buy this ! I 'm ready to go back to my checkbook and pen.Unless there is another program out there that actually does the rudimentary tasks I need!EDIT : After posting this review I did the following -LRB- this is from my review of Moneydance -RRB- : I looked into three options
 The GUI -LRB- the way it looks -RRB- for this program is horrible . Seriously , it 's confusing and an abomination . It 's the exact opposite of most other Mac software - clean and polished and easy to use without reading the help manual . Quicken for Mac is anything but.I actually bought VPC just to run the windows version on my mac ...
 The Mac version of Quicken is still a poor example of Intuit 's product line , and the 2006 version has n't fixed any of the annoyances in previous versions . It is still not possible to perform basic necessities like sort your register by ` amount ' or by ` payee ' . 2006 still also lacks the same effervescence the Windows version has , such as forcing you to type in your online balance and the current date when you reconcile . It will allow you to input your finances , but due to lack of features -LRB- and just plain laziness -RRB- , Quicken for Mac still makes it very difficult to keep track of them once you 've put them in . Definitely NOT worth the price .
 I migrated from a PC to a Mac several months ago . I had used Quicken for Windows for quite a few years , and generally found it to be a very good program . Quicken for Mac , however , is a different bird entirely . First of all , it 's difficult to migrate Windows data into the Mac program - the formats are different and Intuit makes no effort to help convert one to the other . Once everything is finally configured , things only get worse . The interface is cluttered and clunky , and things I could do easily on the Windows version are twice as aggravating on the Mac program.I use Quicken primarily to make online payments . The whole process is more difficult in the Mac version compared to the PC . First of all , the typeface on the register is much to my small for my middle-aged eyes -LRB- I might be able to improve on this by changing the screen resolution on my iMac , but why should I have to ? -RRB- Also , it 's a major annoyance that when I enter transactions into the register , I have to catagorize payments to the same payee each time , instead of Quicken remembering , like the Windows version.I could go on and on . Suffice it to say , this is the worst program on my Mac -LRB- and to think it comes pre-installed on the computer - what a waste of disk space -RRB- . I am going to set up my old Windows PC in my office again , primarily so I can start using Quicken for Windows once more.I would never pay a red cent to buy this worthless program .
 After 5 years of using Quicken for PC , I made the switch . Here are some highlights of my experience so far .1 . You never have to shut the program down . It will crash every time .2 . Inflexible online options . Quicken for PC was reaching the point where all of your transactions could be downloaded by the touch of one button . Quicken for MAC makes you go to each financial institution and export your transactions , many of which are incompatible with the Tiger OS -LRB- so they must be put in manually -RRB- . Also , I have some accounts that used to work with the online update that no longer work , and no amount of editing options will correct it . Instead , Quicken tries to make up new accounts and the result is a loss of several years of transactions . Very frustrating to say the least .3 . The `` Planning '' area from Quicken 2005 does not exist in this version . The planning function is a basic calculator that is substandard to entering in information on money.com .4 . The interface is unintuitive and unimpressive .5 . Multiple errors between account values displayed in the overview and account values displayed in detailed account view . Many of them in the overview are zero 'd out after moving data from PC to MAC.Conclusion
 A very poor product destined for the bin ... I do not recommend it ...
 The disk would n't even load so I now have to return it . What a piece of junk .
 Unequivocal piece of trash !
 Despite repeated attempts to install the program 's updated version , using numerous tactics of my design and all the Qkn phone support could devise , it was impossible to install the updater R3 -LRB- said it could not find a registered version of Qkn 2006 Mac on the computer -RRB- . if I could install it , I suspect we could do fine with it for home use as we have for years with Qkn 2003 and earlier.Any fixes to suggest ?
 I bought the newer , better version of Quicken because my 2005 version files were CORRUPT . Well , shortly after I started to enter my new info into 2006 I am sick to find it is CORRUPT . It 's not just the money , it 's my financial life !!! What now ???? Help !!!!
 I bought Quicken 2006 and TurboTax 2005 last year to help with my tax preparation -LRB- both versions for Mac -RRB- . After wasting a year entering my finances into Quicken -LRB- it wo n't automatically sync with my bank , HSBC , and the import function is buggy and useless -RRB- , I discovered that I can not export information into TurboTax , which is made by the same horrible company , because TurboTax will only accept a file format that Quicken can not produce.A total , frustrating waste of time and money . The registration process does not work . The software does not work . The functions that would make you buy the software do not work . Every step of the process is a disaster . Save yourself the hassle and the cash .
 Quicken for Mac versions 2006 , 2005 , 2004 , and maybe other versions all miscalculate some simple math.For example , in the investment calculator 10,000 for 1 year at 10 % Quicken says yields $ 11,050.65 when it should obviously be $ 11,000 . The other financial calculators , such as the retirement calculator , have similar math bugs.Intuit technical support says that it is a known issue but they do n't know when they 'll fix it . Obviously it has n't been a high priority since many math bugs have existed in Quicken for Mac for many years . I get the impression that Intuit does n't work on the Mac version much . Some years ago they even stopped making Quicken for Mac until Apple paid them to hire a Mac developer . I 'd choose another progam .
 On the surface this looks like a good offer . The only review at the time gave it a 5-star rating , so no doubts that this was a good deal . BUT !!! The Online update service has been discontinued by World Book , so the data will quickly become out-of-date . I am looking for a better option - no more World Book for me !
 The idea behind the game seems to be to introduce the student to a bunch of fun video games that teach how individual pieces move , and that after playing them for a good amount of time , the student will know chess . So while it makes it more fun , it also involves much more time to teach the game.The program makes the student master the strategy for each and every piece individually before actually playing chess or introducing them to the game . It does n't seems to be teaching the whole game , and I think it is wasting too much time on individual instruction before allowing them to have a holistic view of the game . My kids now know how each individual piece moves , but they do n't know what the goal in chess is -LRB- how to win -RRB- , and because they have n't mastered piece strategy , they are n't allowed out of the training room.I had an employer do this to me once . They taught me all the individual programs I used in the job before showing me how it all came together . On the last day or two of the 2 week training , they introduced the main program that controlled the others and they actually let us observe people doing the work . It was the worst training I ever had .
 This book does n't cover half the topics that are asked in the exam . Its the most pathetic book I 've ever read.Does not cover : IIS in detailNo Terminal Services -LRB- and there are tons of questions on that -RRB- No delegation of control and host of others.This book is pathetic .
 We used Versacheck software and paper from 2006 through 2010 with minimal problems . Now , as outlined below , it it essentially useless , and you should never buy their products . -LRB- You might buy their paper to use in other checkwriting software -- I 'm now using a product EZCheckPrinting -RRB- . Sure , the Versacheck software always had nag screens constantly that implied you had to `` validate , '' even though you did n't actually , and was generally not all that well designed , but once you waded through the BS , you could print your own checks . In our case , we printed maybe 5,000 checks , using MICR toner , with no problems.Then Versacheck changed their software in December through an `` update , '' and demanded that to continue using the software you sign up for a new service -LRB- also owned by their owners , though they tried to hide it -RRB- . This `` service '' is instead a way to demand your personal account data , require payment , and print their BS on all your checks . Their stated reason , through scare screens , was that an FTC ruling/court case required this change.Now , I 'm a lawyer . So I looked up the case referred to . It 's FTC vs. Neovi , et al , in federal district court in the Southern District of California , case # 06-CV-1952 . It 's an ongoing case , apparently alleging that certain products in which individuals related to Versacheck were involved permitted check fraud . Those products are not the Versacheck software , though , they are `` electronic check creation and delivery services '' -LRB- Qchex , FreeQuickWire , and GoChex -RRB- that apparently allowed easy check fraud.The case is heinously complex , and apparently the defendants in the case do n't even own VersaCheck . In any case , whoever owns VersaCheck has either taken advantage of this to force people to buy their other products , or believes they have to cripple VersaCheck to meet leqal requirements . IN EITHER CASE , VERSACHECK IS NOW ENTIRELY USELESS ! You can not print checks unless you both give all your personal data , including account data , to a third party , and those checks print out with advertising for them -LRB- which they call `` verification '' -RRB- . So unless you enjoy identity theft and scams , do n't buy Versacheck .
 I can not find one good thing about MS Office that I ca n't get from a cheaper alternative . MS Office tries to `` read your mind '' and ends up formatting your document in goofy ways . When it crashed it asks you to send an error report , the report contained data from my Excel file ! It takes forever to load and to install and if you do not do the step by step -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- install you end up having to put the disk in every other week to get the feature that was not originally installed.In short : If you want to share personal info with MSIf you want your work to look like MS wants it toIf you want to `` never '' be done installing to softwareIf you think wasting $ $ is goodThenBuy this product . Other wise look at Star Office or another product .
 This is an extremely disappointing product . When I bought a new computer with Windows XP loaded , I was forced to upgrade my previous version of Office to restore all of the functionality . They have added so many ` features ' that many things that used to be simple are nearly impossible . It is also extremely intrusive -LRB- guessing what you 're trying to do -RRB- , often wrong , and very hard to dissuade . Something as simple as a numbered list with sub-bullets in Word is an exercise in frustration . Creating web pages with Word that used to take me 15 minutes or so are now multi-hour curse-a-thons . Unless your hand is forced , you 'll be much happier with the earlier versions of MS Office .
 This software is incredibly over priced for ANY level of usibilty . There is No reason for you to pay this much for anything Microsft unless it will run a server , give you lifetime on site support , and make you coffee . Consider something less costly with the same useability like StarOffice or gobeProductive .
 Man , did I waste my money ! I used Office97 before , and have switched back to it . Office continues it 's steady march toward doing this FOR you , instead of offering useful tools . There is nothing useful in this package that O97 does n't have , but it DOES have stuff like Activation , lousy table support , crazy ` automatic ' font size changing -LRB- I set it to 11pt , and it changed to 10pt -RRB- . Pass on this one unless you , like me , have money to burn !
 Do n't use unless you are forced to . The price Microsoft wants for this package is too much for what it offers . For the most part it is no different than Office 2000 , Office 98 , Office 95 or for that matter Office 6 for windows 3.1 . Features that were poorly implemented in earlier versions are still poorly implemented . Most of the functionality in Office XP is the same as it was in these earlier products , so it leaves the user with the question , what am I paying over `` $ '' for ? Even the upgrade price is ridiculus . My opinion , check out Staroffice or if you ca n't afford that then check out OpenOffice . I have gone back to Office 97 on the one PC I use Microsoft office on -LRB- the hard drive was reformatted and instead of hassling through MS 's product activation , AGAIN , it was decided to just go with an earlier version -RRB- . Staroffice and openoffice are used everywhere else .
 I was about to buy this product since its the one I use at the office , but when I looked at the price I did some research first.Why would I buy it , when I can get very similar alternatives for much less like StarOffice ? of even for free -LRB- OpenOffice -RRB- . It does have nice features but most of them I have never used . I have been using OpenOffice for the past 3 months and I have n't missed a feature yet . If you are buying this office suite I would recommend you try OpenOffice first , it could save you a lot of money .
 I bought this software 8 months ago . My hard drive went bad recently . I tried to install this software again on my NEW hard drive . YOU CA N'T !! I wasted hundreds of dollars on a product I ca n't use now ! I called to have my registration trasfered to my new computer but Microsoft wo n't let me transfer my registration or have the software on two PC 's . WHAT A BUNCH OF BULL ! DO N'T BUY THIS VERSION ! Not only is there the above problem but there are many better programs available , with more advantages , cheaper price and no hassle . I 'm not anti-Microsoft but this experience has shown me what this company stands for .
 My first car in 1990 cost $ $ $ and was worth every penny . Microsoft Office , XP or other , not so much . It 's good , but not compared to its price , and therefore not a good choice . If you have n't tried StarOffice or OpenOffice.org yet , or have n't tried the latest release , just do it . Unless you 're a turbo macro user , or create feature-length animations in PowerPoint , you 're spending a month 's rent for nothing by buying MS Office.Plus , as other reviewers have mentioned , with this version you have to register and activate it before it expires . No more MS Office sharing.So anyway , be forewarned about the registration issue , and think about whether it 's really worth twice as much as a rusty but dependable Datsun .
 Not only do we continue to buy this overpriced software , but it continues to explode for no adequately explored reason , as well.As long as there was no actual choice , if one had to create Word files , then at least it made sense to use MS Office.However , now there is no reason to continue with the money flushing . StarOffice is a great deal cheaper , works generally the same way , reads and creates Word Excel and PowerPoint files , and is all in all an entirely adequate product.And yes , StarOffice runs on Windows too .
 XP is the beginning of the end as far as system privacy is concercned and a slew of other problems . Here are several reasons why you should n't use XP .1
 If you have followed Microsoft Office from version to version you may have noticed something
 Normally , I have been a huge proponent of Lego products , including their Software . Lego Loco , Lego Racers , Lego Stunt Rally , and Lego Alpha Team are all superb products . Lego Island 2 is slow to load , finiky in dealing with hardware and device drivers , and does not always make the controls obvious to the user . For something aimed at children and parents without time to debug and installation , this is not a good choice . I feel Lego should be more careful about licensing their name , as this is not up to their usually very high standards .
 I have never encountered such a system-demanding game . My 433 Celeron -LRB- plus 256MB SDRAM -RRB- and 16MB Blaster Banshee -LRB- with DX8-compatable Xpentor2 drivers -RRB- could barely cope with Lego Island 2 . The game often crashes to the desktop . I had problems with using the keyboard controls too . The box lies about its system requirements .
 I have a P3 866MHz with 256MB Ram and this game choked the machine , nearly 800MB of disk space is required and the delay between levels is about 2 to 3 minutes . Several blue screen errors also resulting in a hard reboot . This game should be rated `` frustration for the entire family '' . Also no on-line help but it does include a manual .
 My kids do n't really play with it any more and it was a pain to get it to work on my 2 year old Pentium 300 computer , since it would stall out and the kids got frustrated so now it sits on the shelf while they play other computer games .
 I purchased Lego Island 2 for my daughter for Christmas , my computer did n't support the game either , so I attempted to return the game to Toys R Us and of course that was pointless , however I did call Lego Media myself and they told me to send them the game back to them with a note stating that the game was not compatible with my computer and the receipt , and they would send me a refund . The consumer affairs information is on their website , check it out !! You do n't have to be stuck with a product you ca n't use .
 This CD-ROM CRASHED MY COMPUTER . -LRB- Permanently , I might add . Nobody has been able to find out why . -RRB- Be very careful when you install/run this program . You must have a super-fast highly able system . -LRB- My computer was only 18 months old , top of the line Dell . -RRB- When I called Lego Media to complain they tried to blame it on my computer , but admitted that the CD may be too complicated for most computers . This is deceiving since the system requirements on the label do n't give any warnings that it not only might not work , but may damage your computer !
 I did n't check my video card memory and I have 6 MB and it needs 8 MB . My system is only 11/2 years old . I now have software that I ca n't use and I ca n't return -LRB- Toysrus policy -RRB- . I do n't want to upgrade , but my son wants to play the game . He keeps reading the box and telling me all the things he could do .
 Lego has done better . Their newest releases seem to have abandoned the combination of fun and learning . This is a simple fun game with different arcade type activities no usefully skills involved , no puzzles , no long-term planning or management skills . If you can get hold of one for half price or less it might be worth it . My son chooses to play this maybe twice a month and otherwise it 's collecting dust . I should not forget to mention that set up and getting starting involved plenty of tears , so do set it up yourself before getting the children excited about a new game .
 This product has really cool graphics , however it takes way too long to load !!! For each individual area of the game you want to enter , you have to wait for the game to load . Infact , you even have to wait for it to load if you want to `` Quit '' the game too . It could be a really cool , but for my 6 year old daughter , it was just frustrating . I sent the game back to company for a refund and purchased the game for the Playstation instead.I personally do n't recommend this product .
 I work with Publisher about 45 hours per month . This upgradeisnt . I give it ONE star because there is no option for ZEROstars . Why ? The document is less controllable than 2000 . Youcan do complex work at 32 pages with photos and graphics butthe pre-press is more a nightmare than the hassles found inusinf the 2000 version . If you were expecting Publisher to dosmall publications of high quality forget it and look at QuarkXpress or Adobe Indesign . You really do get what you pay forhere . the `` registration '' system on all 2002 MS software is ajoke . 2 installs ? OK your desktop , then your laptop , and thenwhat if your hard drive croaks ? You are out of installs !
 I originally submitted a review back in December , after upgrading to Publisher 2002 from the 97 version in August ' 01 . I wrote how frustrated I was with how unstable the program seemed to be on my computer with frequent protection faults , which of course , render the program useless until shutting the program down -LRB- or in my experience with Publisher ' 02 -RRB- rebooting the computer as well . To make a long story short , I ended up having to reformat my hard drive and reinstall Windows 98 , the operating system on my computer . Fair enough , the program 's been stable ever since . But a few other points :1 -RRB- The help feature in Publisher 2002 is absolutely worthless , compared to a comprehensive help feature in older versions of Publisher .2 -RRB- If your work , in a previous version -LRB- 2000 , 98 , 97 , etc. -RRB- , involves heavy use of Word Art , then buyer beware , as curved shapes will diplay very differently in 2002 . You 'll have to resize and touch up much of your Word Art to restore it to it 's original look . If this `` enhanced '' Word Art is luring you to buy , just be aware it 's essentially the same Word Art that has been found in MS Word for years . You can actually do your 3-D Word Art in Word , then cut and paste as a picture into your older version of Publisher .3 -RRB- The fonts in the drop-down window will not display correctly in Publisher ' 02 , unless your Windows display is set to the original default setting .4 -RRB- The supposedly great new feature of headers/footers appears to be a primitive , stripped down version of what has been available in Word for years .5 -RRB- Microsoft finally updates the interface consistent in other office products , but in my view , this is no `` enhancement '' but something that should have been done long ago .6 -RRB- Another reviewer on this site summed up web capabilities very nicely . I absolutely agree , do n't waste your time using this program for anything more than 1 page websites . Publisher '02 will not allow you to assign file names to graphics .7 -RRB- If you happen to be current user of Publisher 97 or earlier and are thinking of upgrading , just be aware that Publisher '02 only allows users to save back to the Publisher 98 format . So if you decide you do n't like this program , you 're stuck using it for the '97 or previous version files you converted .7 -RRB- In all fairness , some enhancements are quite nice , such the ability to save groupings as pictures , and enhanced options to embed fonts and graphics . But quite honestly , I question the overall value of this upgrade , especially given the rave comments about Publisher 2000 from other reviewers at this site . Likewise , I can also chime in about Publisher 97 . Finally , if I had taken the time to explore Word a little more years ago , I would have realized Word can do many of the same tasks Publisher can do . The key is to use text blocks like you do in Publisher , and turn on the drawing grid under `` drawing tools '' to act as a ruler guide . Through the purchase of MS Works -LRB- which includes a full version of MS Word -RRB- the Picture It program , as base as it is , will do the other tasks that Word is not designed to do -LRB- i.e. banners . -RRB- Why Microsoft does n't consider integrating Word , Publisher , and Front Page into one powerful program is beyond me . I get the impression the company is spoonfeeding Publisher users , with `` enhancements '' that have actually been in other MS products for years . I count myself as one of those loyal `` Publisher '' users that had a lot of expectations with this upgrade , which simply did n't pan out . I wo n't be upgrading again , and will instead upgrade to the newer versions of Word -LRB- via MS Works -RRB- in coming years , and use the simplistic ` Picture It ' program for the occasional banners , etc. . I have found Publisher is an Microsoft `` extra '' that in retrospect , I simply did n't need , given the full scope and power of MS Word .
 I have been using Publisher for quite a few years and up to this version have been very satisfied . However , I am extremely unhappy with 2002 . I 've given it a try , but will install my previous 2000 version . In the 2002 version I am unable to edit my work in WORD and since Publisher has only a spell check and not a grammar check , I depend heavily on the `` Edit Story in WORD feature . '' I simply can not get that function to work . Technical support was absolutely No help - and since I called a few day after my 30 day software warranty had expired -LRB- unknowingly -RRB- was charged for the call even though they were unable to help me.Unfortunately my files have been converted to 2002 and do not seem to be able to convert them back to 2000 . I have tried using them on my laptop which still has the 2000 version , but no luck.Remember the old saying , `` If it is n't broken , do n't fix it . '' So why did microsoft mess around with perfectly good previous versions ?
 I was looking for a helpful upgrade and instead got perhaps the most user unfriendly software I have used in a long , long time . I am a software tester by profession and would have failed this product on poor usability . Stay with the previous version .
 Publisher 2002 is a perfect example when new does n't mean better . This version took out an essential ability of Publisher 2000 to create web sites consisting of several pages . Publisher 2000 was a dream for web publishing . What made it valuable over freeware such as Netscape Composer , is that you could create a large web site of multiple pages , and while as a document you could easily name each page with its own file extension.This function is critical for a business web site . It is vital to have each web page named with its own professional-appearing extension , beginning with index.html , and not page001.html , page002.html , which is a big red flag of a home-made web site using a WYSIWYG program.I bought the 2002 expecting the same critical feature that would let me maintain my 5 web businesses and create my 4 new web businesses with ease . You see Composer only lets you create 1 web page at a time , which is very tedious if your web site contains 40-150 pages . It was worth paying -LSB- price -RSB- for Publisher 2000 that let me create and edit large web sites , jump easily while creating from page to page , edit pages , transpose images from one to another , etcetera.Then , when it was time to publish , I made certain to name each page while still in web document form , with an appropriate , professional-appearing . html extension . I could do this easily page-by-page , by going to Page Properties in the File category , and typing in the file name extension for each page . Then , when I converted the collective web document in Pub 2000 , each html page would appear with my prenamed file extension . So my pages would appear as.mybiz.com/index.html , . mybiz.com/products1.html , etcetera.Well you can imagine I was aghast to see the super critical feature to name each page with its own file extension in a large document , missing from Publisher 2002 !!!!!!! This means that if I create 20 pages in 1 document as a web site , I can only name the first page with a professional business name of index.html . The rest of the pages are named starting with the number 01.html and so on numerically !!!! This is totally unacceptable for a web business site as this tags the site as an amateur creation.Another huge flaw because this ONE vital feature is missing is , if I create 10 separate web pages , one at a time in Publisher 2002 , these pages will be worthless linked together in the same directory . Say I publish onto the web 10 linked pages into a directory called / sales . The problem is Publisher names each photo on each of those pages starting with the number 0 . So if I have 10 pages linked together , created one by one in Publisher , it will be a fiasco if they are in the same directory , because there will be TEN pictures all named 0.jpg and what will publish is a garbled confusion.At least in Composer it keeps the names of each photo you import as it was originally , such as butterfly.jpg , avoiding that confusion . But if this same butterfly picture is imported into Publisher 2002 , it is renamed 0.jpg . So if I have 3 pages I made in Publisher each of a different image on it , it wo n't matter , because each of those 3 pictures will be renamed 0.jpg , making it impossible to put any 2 or more pages created in Publisher 2002 in the same directory . So being told by Microsoft to just create one page at a time and link them together , does n't cut it.All this can be solved by returning the cricitical option to type in your own file extension on each page as Publisher 2000 allowed . I am vastly disappointed with Publisher 2002 because it is virtually worthless for any professional web business use that exceeds 1 web page . This lumps it in the same category as Composer , only Composer is better because you can truly link individual pages together , since each . jpg retains its own individual , identifying name . On top of that why would someone pay -LSB- price -RSB- for a program with less than the options they can get for free?This is the first time I have every uninstalled a new program and reinstalled the older version , but it 's the only way I can continue to work on my large web sites.On top of that you do n't get free tech support with 2002 , if it is n't related to installing . I had to pay -LSB- price -RSB- for the technician to tell me that 2002 has lost that feature . In fact , it was the technician who urged me to complain about this -- he thought it was terrible , too ... > Hey , for regular , non-related publishing , 2002 is great . It 's just worthless for web site creating . I 'm still shocked and surprised about this , 'cause I never thought Microsoft would strip this powerful program of its ability to make web sites .
 If you are not familiar with other Office products and how to use them , I do not recommend this software . I purchased this program a month ago and I still have not been able to create the type of calendar that I needed to . I have not been able to find a tutorial to learn about the features of the software . There is no true `` help '' file like every other software package I use . An animated paper clip is supposed to answer questions , but to this day I have never gotten a correct answer from it -LRB- it can not understand what I am asking ! -RRB- . The enclosed `` manual '' is actually a guide on how to create the correct layout for brochures , flyers and newsletters , not a manual on features and how to use them . When I tried to call the customer support representatives I was told I had to pay $ 35.00 to have my questions answered . I was directed to try the on-line help , but there too I have to pay $ 35.00 to receive answers . After spending over $ 100.00 I expect to get some help if I need it ! I guess Microsoft does not share that belief .
 I posted my review of Publisher 2000 , when it existed , and basically feel the same way about 2002 . HOWEVER , I have a few more concerns . I loaded it onto my computer to check it out . I did n't like what I saw so I unloaded it . Out of curiosity , I loaded it again . It behaved as if I had never unloaded it the first time . My alloted number of uses -LRB- before activation -RRB- decreased so something is still in there saying it was on there before -LRB- yes , yes , yes ... in the registry -RRB- . Ok , Bill wants a new mansion so he is trying to prevent piracy . I can understand that . HOWEVER , my next concern is realllllyyy big . In ME , you can set a restore point . This restore point allows you to reconfigure your PC to a point from the past . This is present just in case a new program you load has some problems , etc. ... Now remember , ME is Mr. Gate 's program just like Publisher . I had to reformat my hard drive -LRB- thanks to Microsoft 's Encarta Reference Library -RRB- . My system was fresh as a daisy . I re-loaded Publisher out of curiosity to see what would happen . I created a restore point PRIOR to loading it . I did n't activate it because I did n't want it . I unloaded it . Just to test the system , I used my restore function . If you are following me carefully , you can tell I have already made two changes since creating the restore point
 I agree ... poor girl ! I am a real newbie -LRB- massage therapist turned computer user -RRB- and have found this program to be a web creator 's nightmare . I think I 'll cruise on down to the freeware sites to see what I can scare up there . I want a fairly simple web page that links to a few more . For those of us that know the anatomy of the human body better than HTML ... I would stay away from THIS BEAST . It will make the less confident feel even more so ! And by the way ... . these other sugar coated reviews ... does Microsoft pay some slouch to type them up all day , or what ? Nauseating !!!!!
 This is the worst program I have ever used in my life ! It is the most user UNFRIENDLY !
 Publisher 2000 was bad , stupid me I thought maybe 2002 would be better . Not . Save your money and buy Print Shop or Print Master Platium . They work better for less money and take up less real estate on your hard drive . The interface is even less intitutive that previously , the most common task that even I can make Word 97 accomplish wo n't work in Publisher . Sorry Microsoft , I wo n't be buying this again . Everything the other reviewers have said times 10 .
 I am glad I decided to demo this product before actually purchasing it . Has Microsoft decided that we should take a step back with the new version ? Rather than becoming better it has become a lot worse , losing some of its functionality and options . Yes , the interfaces are closer to the layout of other Office products , but at what a price ! Especially web publishing has lost out in this version . The only improvement I could see was the ability to create e-mail newsletters - but I 'd rather use the more complicated Adobe format than upgrade to Publisher 2002 and lose all the functions my current version 2000 offers!I am disappointed ... the advertising literature sent to me by MS touted all these great new functions to `` look like a pro '' , but did not explain that some sacrifices were made in exchange for these new options . I for one will not upgrade to the 2002 version .
 Without a doubt the worst canned program I have encountered in almost 10 years of buying software . After 2 months on the phone with support I have still not beat the kinks out of this dog . BCentral is only to happy to charge me 30 bucks a month for hosting a site that will never be launched with this pig . No wonder they include it with every signup a guarantee that the space on the server will never be used . Pass on this Pig
 I use Publisher for little family web sites on geocities . Pub 97 was really good . When 2000 came out I bought it and it was GREAT ! The best program I 've ever used in fact ! So naturally when MS Publisher 2002 came out I bought it and my heart is broken . It has ruined all my work and will not upload to my host . It is a land-mine of bad news . It even crashes my cable access to the net . But to give you and example . When you finish you website and go to save it , it says to go to file and Save as a Web Page -LRB- 97 and 2000 does this too -RRB- BUT GUESS WHAT ? : :
 My goodness , you would think a $ 10 billion company could do better than this.They talk about double sided printing ... You CAN NOT even `` print even '' or `` print odd '' pages . You have to sit in front of your computer and print EACH and EVERY page manually.You can not print to an image file -LRB- well , yes you can , but the low resolution makes the file unusable -RRB- You can not print to a PDFPrinting to a post script file cut off half the image on one of the projects!This product assumes your printing service uses Publisher.Guess what ... most do n'tDavid
 I received a 30 day trial of this software from Microsoft . I used it to update my website that is hosted by Yahoo . I had to load the FrontPage extensions to the server then convert my current pages to FrontPage . This made me go through the process of reformatting nearly everything . The simple on-line tools that yahoo provides did a better job and quicker than this software . I suppose if you really are an office expert and want the look and feel of the office interface then you might like it . Otherwise I think you can do better elsewhere . This software takes the cookie cutter approach to building a web presence . Microsoft was offering a 30 day CD trial but have stopped that . I wonder why they do n't want you to try it out any more before you buy it ? Why indeed !
 I received a 30 day trial of this software from Microsoft . I used it to update my website that is hosted by Yahoo . I had to load the FrontPage extensions to the server then convert my current pages to FrontPage . This made me go through the process of reformatting nearly everything . The simple on-line tools that yahoo provides did a better job and quicker than this software . I suppose if you really are an office expert and want the look and feel of the office interface then you might like it . Otherwise I think you can do better elsewhere . This software takes the cookie cutter approach to building a web presence . Microsoft was offering a 30 day CD trial but have stopped that . I wonder why they do n't want you to try it out any more before you buy it ? Why indeed !
 FrontPage is fine for personal sites . But if you are creating a site for a real organization , AVOID it.Frontpage tries to do what lots of programs do -- take a complex task and simplify it , letting the software do a lot of the thinking for you . FrontPage essentially translates what you tell it into HTML that tends to display pretty well on Internet Explorer , but ignores the standards that might allow it to display on the other browsers that 30 % -LRB- and soon , all AOL users -RRB- use . If you 're saavy , this means that only a few display elements are off . If you 're new to the web game , this means that portions of your site might be impossible to view.As a commercial web development company , my company has been contracted on numerous occassions to clean up sites developed in FrontPage by some well-meaning employee . This is a painful ... process -- do yourself a favor and take the time to educate yourself about web site development rather than taking the Frontpage shortcut.Does this mean you need to learn to code HTML ? No . You can use a tool just like Microsoft Frontpage -- Macromedia Dreamweaver and Adobe GoLive are both excellent products .
 Quite simply this software does not work , and I 've been using other versions of FrontPage since it first came out -- check out the Microsoft web site -- they have loads of ` fixes ' for this software . None of the web component functions work , and neither does shared borders . I ca n't imagine that they would continue to sell this .
 I took an web page design class and we used this program , and its very easy to use , but if you want to make a website that actually MAKES a difference , I suggest using Marcomedia and teaching yourself how to do flash . I would n`t waste my money on some program that you ca n`t do much with .
 I used the FP 2000 free trial package to create a simple site and loved so I ordered FP2002 and HATE it . IT does n't help that I ca n't find a manual that actually helps . It is truly not for the novice unless you plan to create a VERY simple site with limited `` cool stuff '' like graphics that are n't rectangles and you do n't require the buttons to actually look good . I 'd hire a professional to create the site and then learn just enough of FP to update it yourself . It 's worth the money to avoid the headaches .
 I had a hard time with this one getting imbedded photos . Worked fine locally bu when trying to put it on web site , photos would not go . There was little help . Bought Front Page for Dummies butdid not have a troubleshooting section . This is for the more experience web builder . Not a beginner .
 Frontpage is never 100 % W3C compliant and this is no exception . The pages only look right in Internet Explorer unless you do some major tweaking in notepad . Try learning the code yourselves -LRB- you 'll find it is not that hard -- and with practice your pages will look far better than any program can produce -RRB- or use software from a company that is not trying to establish its product as the only browser .
 As a novice user , I was able to start using Frontpage 2002 the first day , but was very very disappointed in the Themes available to choose from for my small business web site . They are very very bland , unimaginative themes . Microsoft needs to add some good artists to the staff and listen to them . I am going to sell Frontpage and will use Homestead.com instead , which is slower and has a lot fewer features , but the Website Themes and Templates to choose from are much much more attractive . Homestead is also easier to learn . Frontpage is a lot better in one respect though , you can insert an entire Word document , tables , plots , graphics and all , very quickly -LRB- one click -RRB- and it all looked good except the photos . So if you are adding a great deal of Microsoft Office non-text material to your site , Frontpage speeds things up a lot there .
 I 'm a faculty member at a small college , and I agreed to do community service page for a local organization -LRB- because I know a bit of HTML , more than anyone else in the group -RRB- . We wanted the web page to look slightly more professional that I thought I could develop from scratch , so I ordered the `` free one month trial '' of FP 2002 . FP seemed easy enough to use , although the `` help '' options lacked info I needed and there is NO manual . There was a glitch with how the program generated custom link bars -LRB- my page displays ugly file names , such as `` contact_1 . htm '' rather than page names like `` Contact us ! '' on the buttons of the page 's link bar -RRB- , but figured I could clean up with just a little help - there must be some trick that they do n't explain in the minimal instructions provided . Naively believing the big Microsoft ads claiming `` free on line support within 24 hrs for all retail users '' , I shelled out more money for the `` academic version '' from a college bookstore , thinking I was buying the `` help '' service as well - only to learn -LRB- after a week of non-answers - none within 24 hrs -RRB- that this support is NOT available , because I have what they call `` a stand alone version . `` Not comprehending that this denial of promised support could possibly be legal , I posted this problem on a FP2002 user 's group and got a reply from another user that he 'd paid FULL price and STILL was given no help beyond basic installation . -LRB- Apparently in addition to non-standard HTML , Microsoft also has a non-standard definition of `` retail '' , hidden someplace in the fine print of that user 's agreement . -RRB- We may get our questions answered only for $ ? per -LRB- which I refuse to do as a matter of principle , to not reward misleading advertisement -RRB- . If I had it to do over , I 'd have stayed with the free web-development software from our web service provider , rather than spend time , money and psychic energy on FP 2002 - I 'm out a lot of monet and the site still does n't look all that good .
 This software has absolutely NO support . The so-called manual that comes with it is limited and extremely difficult to understand . If you are going to buy FrontPage 2002 , buy a book with it , you will be glad you did . I do not recommend this software , DreamWeaver is much better . Too many gliches in FrontPage 2002 , and many web hosting companies have not installed FrontPage 2002 extensions , because of the bugs in that software . This causes problems with certain web files , either they are incomplete or non-existent . I am dissapointed in Microsoft for producing FP 2002 , I expected a more suitable and proficient product . DreamWeaver costs more , but in the long run , it is well worth it .
 This program is the industry standard of what NOT TO DO . If you are not a web designer and just want to make a website there are better free programs out there than FrontPage and if you are planning on making websites for money I recomend Dreamweaver or the Dreamweaver Studio that comes with Fireworks also . FrontPage is to limiting and gave me nothing but trouble setting up sites . Run as far away from this product as you can and tell all your friends to do the same .
 Frontpage is notorious for changing standard HTML into a `` special '' version that does not work with other editors and does not conform with international standards of HTML -LRB- any version -RRB- . It is the opinion of every webmaster I have spoken to , since looking at this product , that FrontPage is an attempt by Microsoft to sell their wares because only Microsoft servers have no problem serving up webpages made with this product . Do yourself a favor and skip this software for anything else . The Adobe GoLive is still better than this or Dreamweaver .
 I picked this up for an employee doing an assignment for me . When it was almost completed , we had a need to switch to the Macromedia development environment , but the project had some embedded coding that was Microsoft/Frontpage specific . Also , the developer had trouble with the wizards that run as part of the package overwriting some of her manually-coded procedures , requiring her to enter the proc 's repeatedly until she determined the problem . Also , the environment is not as intuitive as I was led to believe .
 Despite mixed reviews , I bought FP2002 mainly because HoTMeTaL had just become unavailable . I 'm a heavy and long-term user of Office products , and am entirely comfortable with them . Purpose of this purchase was to draft look/feel and content of a new web site , which I would hand over to a professional designer for tweaking.Took a very reasonable couple of weeks ' effort making what I wanted . Two major issues were unexpected non-ease of importing formatted material from Office , and weird instability in text/graphics positioning
 FrontPage 2002 is a reasonable product if you must get a website up and running and you have no experience with HTML coding . Even then , it 's not for you if you want to make sure that everyone on the internet can view your site . So , the best audience for this product is a person with limited coding skills that can guarantee that their page will be viewed by Internet Explorer users.There are far better products for people that want to create awesome websites without coding . One caveat
 If you want a quick and easy website you may be interested in Frontpage , however if you are in the visual mode , dragging and dropping your images etc. the code that is generated in the background becomes very messy , this can produce unwanted effects in your viewers browsers as well as forcing your images in specific places . There is lack of control , exactness and freedom in Frontpage . I also think it is very expensive for the quality . I know that high end web design programs may be intimidating , but I suggest Macromedia 's Dreamweaver to the experienced and the beginner as well . It offers design or code mode . If you practice with Dreamweaver 's tutorial you will find yourself learning very quickly . If you are a beginner and you use Frontpage , there may be a time where you will want to advance and buy a program like Dreamweaver anyways . If you want to save money , go ahead and buy Dreamweaver , it is not scary , you can learn it easily . You can either stay in the visual mode or as you learn move on to more advanced webpage development .
 This software is very cumbersome to work with . The whole point to using this type of software is to make the layouts go faster . When going from normal mode to preview mode or when saving the page to actually use , much of the WYSIWYG is not WYSIWYG ! I found that I had to edit the pages in Notepad to get the page layout to look right . I tried to use Frontpage 's HTML editor but when I 'd save the changes I made , Frontpage would change them back to what they were . You 're better of learning HTML and using Notepad to create the page .
 I was using Front Page 2000 , together with Win 98 and Office 97 , without much trouble and got my things going , but once I decided to install the new `` upgrade '' for Front Page 2002 , my whole system drove crazy.Now the system constantly crash when using Outlook and Internet Explorer - almost make my PC unusable.This problems are not mentioned in any known information source I have looked into . I 'm almost decided to dump the new Front Page in my garbage can and go back where I was - when I was able to use my PC without restarting it 5 or 6 times a day .
 If you want to produce standards compliant code that will work with multile servers and browsers then stare clear of FrontPage . Try Homesite or if you have the money DreamWeaver .
 I received a 30 day trial of this software from Microsoft . I used it to update my website that is hosted by Yahoo . I had to load the FrontPage extensions to the server then convert my current pages to FrontPage . This made me go through the process of reformatting nearly everything . The simple on-line tools that yahoo provides did a better job and quicker than this software . I suppose if you really are an office expert and want the look and feel of the office interface then you might like it . Otherwise I think you can do better elsewhere . This software takes the cookie cutter approach to building a web presence . Microsoft was offering a 30 day CD trial but have stopped that . I wonder why they do n't want you to try it out any more before you buy it ? Why indeed !
 The Upload function works nicely enough , but it is impossible to control which files get uploaded . You need to select each file individually , then send them to your site . There seems to be no way to have seperate accounts set up on Front Page . I have two websites , and must constantly go back and delete files I did not want uploaded . I 've tried setting up two Front Page Files , but it is not easily done . I would look for a cheaper program , Front Page is not worth the money .
 Frontpage is for people who do n't know the difference between a click and a right click . First off I would like to say I am NOT anti-microsoft , I use many of there software Apps and OS 's . I do not however use this product because it smiply is a horrible tool for any professional web designer . Basicly it comes down to what you are trying to do . If you are trying make your first webpage and you really think that animated GIF 's , tiled backgrounds and looping midi songs are great , THEN BUY FRONTPAGE . For everyone else BUY DREAMWEAVER ! The difference in price should not be a object , as far as I am concerned the extra $ 20 spent on dreamweaver is a investment that will save you time and money in the future . If you ever have to edit your code you will know what I mean . I know that dreamweaver 's interface is n't as recognizable as frontpage , but the learning curve is NOT high . Buy the Visual Quickstart book on Dreamweaver and you will be ready to do professional webpages in no time.I am a full-time webmaster for a North Carolina Chamber of Commerce and I have a two-year degree in Internet Technologies .
 Perhaps later versions are better -LRB- but I doubt it -RRB- . The software is not intuitive , the resulting Web pages are unattractive , and the manual is worthless.Either spend more money on better software , or else accept the other alternative which is using free site building software -LRB- more available these days anyway -RRB- .
 I received a 30 day trial of this software from Microsoft . I used it to update my website that is hosted by Yahoo . I had to load the FrontPage extensions to the server then convert my current pages to FrontPage . This made me go through the process of reformatting nearly everything . The simple on-line tools that yahoo provides did a better job and quicker than this software . I suppose if you really are an office expert and want the look and feel of the office interface then you might like it . Otherwise I think you can do better elsewhere . This software takes the cookie cutter approach to building a web presence . Microsoft was offering a 30 day CD trial but have stopped that . I wonder why they do n't want you to try it out any more before you buy it ? Why indeed !
 Credentials
 I have been a committed user of FrontPage since the days of FP 98 , but this product is so full of bugs it makes me wonder why MS had the audacity to release it.It still produces the most cumbersome code . Have a look at the html after you have imported a word document ! Each import takes about 20 minutes to clean up.FP 2002 is most definately a step backwards , if you are using FP 2000 , do n't upgrade , stick to what you have got and in your spare time learn dreamweaver.The greatest irritation , its inability to cope with publishing big sites , has still not been fixed.Sorry - I have had enough . .
 While one must admire Microsoft 's constant addition of functionality to already-satisfactory programs , this is a bit of an extreme . FP2002 is fairly easy to use , but seems a little buggy in terms of the `` finished '' page staying as saved . Importing chunks of data from various Office programs is easy enough , but not really any more facile than with other web editors.More serious , for some users , may be incompatibility with other authoring programs . If you just wanted Word or Excel to write docs/spreadsheets and print them at home , great . But if you 'd like your web files to be portable to other programs , this one is n't so good - lost of unnecessary code and other incompatibilities . I recommend DreamWeaver for most people ; if you stay in this game , you 'll eventually wind up there anyway . Start with a better program , save time and money in the not-too-long run , and ensure that your files can be ported to another program and platform .
 I purchased FrontPage to create our company webpage . I am a novice at web page design , so I thought this product would be a good buy . Not so . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The package does not come with a manual ! Instead , you get a booklet with a very general overview . If you need more detail you have to go out and purchase another book . I did n't like this . I looked into the book from which the booklet was culled and it read like an astrophysics text
 If you 're at all acquainted with web design , then you probably know everything you need to about FrontPage
 Sadly , I can not recommend this product . What a good concept , however ! Save your money . If you do n't believe me at least try their free 30-day trial before purchasing and make your own decision.I love Word and Excel . They just work . Every time . Consistently.I am sad to say Front Page is VERY buggy . I designed a simple website with it . It is intuitive and very easy to learn . I was excited initially as to what I was making . However , in the end , I spent more time trying to solve and work around the bugs it has then I did building my entire site.Images and boxes -LRB- for no reason -RRB- refused to stay where I put them , ending in the oddest places on the page . Identical layouts that worked fine on five of my seven pages simply would n't on the other two . Several times it was easier to abort a few hours of work and re-do it on a clean page then to attempt to make the existing page work.Things that looked fine when I built it and previewed it were in different positions when the site was published.I attempted to use frames and use several photographs as links to other pages ; the pages never would open in a new window , as I indicated in the link preferences , but always in the small window of the frame.Support is non-existent . When I exhausted the help menu that comes with the program , the program pointed me to the Internet , Front Page help site , where a search for -LSB- website -RSB- publishing troubleshooting , returned a message of no topics on the subject!I feel that I had spent the time learning either html or Dreamweaver , or any of the other programs I would be far better off in the long run . Front Page is a great concept for the casual -LRB- hobby -RRB- designer like me , but sadly it needs a few more months in the de-bugging department before it is ready for serious use .
 If you mention Microsoft FrontPage to any serious web developer , you will immediately hear them go off about how awful the program is . I 've been making web sites for 7 years and I havent yet met a developer who doesnt hate Frontpage . And this is why : Microsoft wants to own as much of the computing world as possible . To this end , they 're repackaging altered versions of standard programming languages that only work with other Microsoft products.In short , if you build your site with FrontPage , the site will always be a FrontPage web site . It will be unreadable to any developer because it generates the most atrocious code you 've ever seen . What could be simply done with one line of text is converted to 10 lines of convoluted code that only Microsoft products can read . And what if you want to integrate non-Microsoft elements like third-party ecommerce , dynamic data-driven pages , and so on ? Forget it . Throw out your web site and start over.Contrast this to Dreamweaver , which writes clean code that integrates easily with any ecommerce or web development languages , and it 's a night or day difference . You can edit HTML directly , or insert ColdFusion , PHP , Javascript , and so on.And beyond that , FrontPage sites look terrible . You can spot them almost instantly.Buy Dreamweaver , and you wont regret it .
 A very exasperating product experience for me . This product probably works fine it you are hooked into Microsoft 's web hosting service , but I was already happy and content with my Earthlink account . Much to my dismay I find that Earthlink does not support Microsoft 's web extensions . This means that the lovely page I created on my hard drive looked half done when it was uploaded to Earthlink . Specifically , all of my embedded pictures would not show up . I wish I had known about these problems before buying the software and spending a day creating my web page . I did find some warnings on Earthlink 's page , so I just did not do enough due diligence I guess . This leads one to ask
 MS Frontpage 2002 has done nothing to compete with Dreamweaver 4.0 . Frontpage screws up your HTML , while Dreamweaver keeps it exactly as you input it . Plus , Dreamweaver has a much more intuitive WYSIWYG program , and is much more advanced - you can be more creative and so on ...
 FP 98 , by far , is the best , and fastest HTML editor - although , it does n't have all the whistles and bells of FP 2000 or FP 2002 . FP 2000 very sluggish . Using it is like typing in the `` hunt & peck '' method.Using Dreamweaver eliminates the needs for the . htm extensions in web addresses.Which way to go ? My humble opinion is to stay with FP98 and learn HTML & XML for editing the code .
 Quite simply this software does not work , and I 've been using other versions of FrontPage since it first came out -- check out the Microsoft web site -- they have loads of ` fixes ' for this software . None of the web component functions work , and neither does shared borders . I ca n't imagine that they would continue to sell this .
 I am very dissatisfied with FrontPage 2002 support , its contained Help option and the `` manual '' that came with it . I e-mailed a question to Microsoft and a very polite rep responed promptly . He wrote a full page telling me that support was not provided beyond installation . He wrote a fulll page to tell me this , and my question , that he did not answer , could have been answered in four sentences . Further , the information provided in the poorly written very small manual and the Help in the program have been flat incorrect on at least two occasions . Instructions to perform a couple of routine functions are incorrect and will not work . You 're on your own when you buy this .
 I started off with FrontPage 97 ... and gradually worked up to FrontPage 2002 . I used to think FrontPage was a godsend , boy was I wrong . Things only work if using MS Internet Explorer for a browser , or just plain does n't work if your ISP does n't support it 's extensions.I now use Macromedia Dreamweaver . However , between using FrontPage and being able to afford Dreamweaver , I used a nice product by some folks with a funny name . A product named `` HotDog Pro '' made by Sausage Software ! Funny tho it may be , their software is nothing to laugh at ! It is a GREAT product , and costs A LOT LESS than MS FrontPage!http : / / www.sausage.com/products.html
 This is the classic example of software sprawl . This program is a space hog , taking up more and more of your hard drive , and more and more of your RAM . In return , you get sales pitches for , and links to , other Microsoft products . If you like Front Page , which I do , stick with the old version . The new version will slow you down , and waste your time .
 While Frontpage 2002 is a fine upgrade , buyer beware ! When I tried to use no-fee web based e-mail support to ask a simple question about FP 2002 's functionality , I was met with the message , `` You do not qualify for free support . '' MS tells me they have changed their policy . Only in American can you buy a product for nearly ... and NOT get support . Argh !
 I bought this thinking it would allow me better user management , but discovered that most of the upgraded features from FP 2000 are for IIS users only . If you 're using Apache , do n't bother with this upgrade .
 I have twice followed the install instructions for the installation of Microsoft Front Page 2002 and have not been able to even get to the point where you enter the code . The disk only allows two options , to upgrade some files or to delete some files , there is no button or option to install the upgrade software . I am an experienced PC user with a legal copy of Front Page 2000 installed . I believe that what you have shipped is a defective disk . It appears to me to be a disk that Microsoft would ship to correct some original programming problems , not a full installation upgrade disk . I know my options are limited concerning the return of otherwise acceptable software but I believe a shipped defective product should receive some other considerations . Do I have other options for the shipment of defective software?If what I am saying is true , then there are probably thousands of this defective product on the way to consumers and you will be getting similar complaints . I will put my comments into a review on the software on your site.Thank you , Wes Stillwagon
 This is our third version of Microsoft FrontPage . We started with FrontPage 98 , upgraded to FrontPage 2000 , and have just moved to FrontPage 2002 . Unfortunately , we are not convinced that this product is any better than the last version.To give you an idea of how much we use FrontPage -- we have been told by both Microsoft engineers and our Web hosting company that our OfficeLinks.com web site is one of the largest that they have ever seen published with FrontPage . It currently exceeds 5,000 pages . However , it has become virtually impossible to update the shared borders that we utilize throughout the root web . It took our web hosting company 1.5 hrs , using direct server commands , to recalculate all of our hyperlinks ! We do n't blame all of this on Microsoft , since we should have used sub-webs more - however , Microsoft may want to prevent -LRB- or warn -RRB- users not to include more than 100 pages in any web , or sub-web . Additionally , there are two real problems from our perspective that have appeared in the latest version of FrontPage . -LRB- 1st -RRB- First , it is no longer possible to copy hyperlinks into the `` Insert Hyperlink '' text box . The right mouse button seems to be disabled . This makes adding hyperlinks directly much more difficult - We now have to add a dummy hyperlink and then go into the HTML code and do a `` paste shortcut '' - this adds a few extra steps every time we want to add or update hyperlinks . -LRB- 2nd -RRB- The second real problem , which others have also identified on this board , is the way the underlying HTML code is generated . FrontPage seems to add little things like < span > when you are working in the WYSIWYG Editor to the underlying HTML code . This is so poor that you actually start to get spelling mistakes when you are re-working pages . We now have to check the underlying HTML code on every page , which almost makes the WYSIWYG editor useless.There has been one real improvement with FrontPage 2002 that we would also like to point out . You now have the ability to publish individual pages directly to your Web site . This is a big improvement , since it does n't take OfficeLinks 30 minutes to make a change any more . Individual page changes can be made rapidly.We have so much invested in this program , that we are not ready to switch to another program just yet , but if some of these issues are not addressed before the next full upgrade , we may consider moving to a new platform.We ca n't really call the latest version of FrontPage an upgrade , since some of the features and functions have actually gotten worse .
 I 've used FrontPage for 3 years and have gotten a lot of milage out of it building my website at www ... . I also use my computer as a beta tester for state of the art audio/midi composition programs on win98se . The FP2002 upgrade , or more specifically , the little ` helper ' MS office programs that it -- automatically -- installs , have brought my system to levels of performance I 've not seen since windows 95 's intial release . One `` villian '' is a program called mdm.exe , which you will find in your task list at every boot . I think it 's a speech recognition enabling executable , and you ca n't get rid of it unless you edit the registry . Why ? Because Microsoft believes instant messaging is the killer app of the decade . Sheesh ! Not for me ! Knock about 2-4 % of you system resources into oblivion , forever . It took me a week to stop my hardrives from caching whenever the system was idle for more than a minute . At first , i thought I was being hacked when my hard drives started chattering incessantly whenever I stepped away . The root of that was mdm.exe and other Office XP `` optimizers '' . Regarding FP itself , there are several nuisances . You lose right click context menus when adding hyperlinks in a hyperlink box . You can still use CNTL V BUT ... Opening up a hyperlink dialog will cause FP to scan your entire root directory of your web before you can type it in -- about 3-5 seconds if you are on a blazing fast internet connection like I am -- on a modem , good luck ! This used to be really fast in FP2000!There is a very unsettling bug that causes your index.html file to disappear from the file pane . When you search for it , FP says it was deleted ! It was n't , just quit the program and relaunch and its back . I hope no one loses their main page due to this . Moral
 I have noticed a few bugs in the progam , especially in the preview mode . In addition , the `` new stuff '' are simply Microsoft Network hyperlinks that redirect your web traffic to MSN.com . In addition , the navigation is now proprietery and unless you run a full Windows XP platform you will not be able to take complete advantage of the application . You will also need to find a Web Host that supports Microsoft Extensions to run many of the available functions . The only enhancement that I liked was the new photo album feature . The program did so many unexpected changes to my site that I ended up deinstalling the software . In addition , you must register the software on Microsofts site or you will only be able to launch the application 50 times .
 Read the End User License Agreement before you even think of using this software . I could n't believe my eyes . MS has placed limits in the End User License Agreement on the type of information that you can publish using their software . You are not allowed to publish anything that is anti Microsoft , MSNBC , MSN , or Expedia or against their products and services on any site that is related to the use of the software . They also say that you may not publish or promote racism , hatred , or pornography . While I am not affected by any of the above and I do n't care for any of the above material , I do find it absolutely appalling that a software company would go that far out of their way to limit free speech . You may only publish material that Microsoft deems acceptable . That , to me , is unacceptable .
 I 've been using Office since the DOS versions , and I have to say , I have never liked it . Using it professionally in a publishing environment , I have to say that this is probably its worst incarnation yet . The office assistant is gone , but in his place are a variety of pop-ups and warnings which can not be turned off . Outlook has not become any more secure , it is simply more paranoid , forcing you to save any attachment to disc , regardless . Word remains unstable , ugly , and functionally gruesome . It is one of the few software applications which can routinely crash my Windows XP system.If we had n't standardised upon a number of VBA macros we had devloped in house , some years ago , we would almost certainly ditch this product and use something else . We should never have standardised upon this software
 XP is the beginning of the end as far as system privacy is concercned and a slew of other problems . Here are several reasons why you should n't use XP .1
 I have Microsoft Office 2000 and was in the process of buying/upgrading to Microsoft Office XP , until I noticed that I would have to buy 4 different programs for my family 's 4 separate computers.My wife has her own computer , my daughter has her own computer I have mine , and we have a laptop we all use collectively when we travel.So with Microsoft 's new licensing policy it would cost me a small fortune to keep those in my family using the XP version.On top of that ... we tend to stay on the cutting edge of the latest hardware available , -LRB- I build and upgrade my own systems -RRB- , so I would be susceptible to going to Microsoft with my hat in hand explaining why I need clearance to reinstall THEIR program again on my computer.I know the runaround this involves , plus I do n't like the idea of having to play this game with a product I have paid for!It is demeaning to say the least.Microsoft can keep their programs -LRB- I was going to purchase Microsoft Front Page and found similar restrictions -RRB- , and I will be sure to keep their `` Big Brother '' mentality in mind when I purchase software in the future.This new licensing policy is sure to hurt their sales and is sure to open up opportunities for other software companies not so anal about licensing.Microsoft can stick this -LRB- and their other programs -RRB- up their hard drive , because it 's not going on mine !
 How come you spend so much money on a Microsoft Office suite and not get a real big thick ` How to use it '' and `` reference book '' with the software?I hate to read anything longer than a few pages online . I like to read a book and be able to mark up the pages with my notes . Is it too much to ask for a big book with an expensive piece of software you buy ? Online is great for searching for a quick answer , but I do n't know ANYONE who loves to read books online.Of course , I guess they do this so you can buy their $ $ $ books seperate from the software.At least Star Office gives you a 460 page book and a 70 page setup guide .
 That is very good software , but i would like in the dictionary include pronunciation of the words searched ... The Outlook does n't convince me , is so slow and make a mess on my other e-mail accounts . On the whole Out look is very good idea but it needs its improvements . I tried to send mails with pictures and the receivers never got it , they just received the terrible red `` X '' , I just hope went i uninstalled from my computer I can re-install on other one , because it needs on line registration for continue installing ...
 In keeping with Microsoft 's total lack of concern for consumers , they have fixed this version so the purchaser must do a minimal registration via the web or phone in order to use the product . This means it is locked to your computer . This is an effort to prevent piracy . Preventing piracy is an honorable and important goal . However , there 's more to it . If you upgrade or replace your computer , you 'll have to call them on the phone and explain your story and if they think you 're telling the truth , then maybe you can install the program you bought on your new computer . This also means that if you have two computers on your desk , you have to buy two copies , one for each computer . Also , this is Microsoft 's first step toward forcing consumers to lease software instead of buying it . This move would likely force consumers to upgrade to the latest bloated version , even if they are happy with the old one.Office XP is a decent set of applications , but there are at least two good alternatives that do n't come with the obnoxious features . Check out either StarOffice or WordPerfect Office 2002 . Both are excellent office suites and both are available on Amazon . Both are totally compatible with Microsoft Office file formats.So , before dropping a ton of money on another Microsoft marketing scheme , consider the alternatives .
 This is just a hyped up , embellished version of their previous software . And to charge that price and not let me install it at work and home !!!! Guess that will stop me from taking my work home with me , wo n't it ! They will let you install on a desktop and laptop under one license , but not two desktops !!! What a farce ! I have to use the little money I make doing extra work at home to purchase another program !!!!!!! ANGRY - VERY !!!!
 Every time you turn your back and turn around again , something has changed . Talk about the ghost in the machine ! I 'm a tech writer and so was a fairly advanced user of Word 97 , though it was not my word processor of choice . I have spent the past week trying to reformat a long book , originally written in Word 97 , into new styles in a master document in Word 2002 . Word keeps renaming styles , changing styles in text I have already formatted , and adding styles I do n't want , even after I turned off everything automatic I could find that had to do with styles -LRB- which in itself is an involved procedure involving several completely different menu items -RRB- . I finally went to the Microsoft site and found bunches of ` known issues ' having to do with formatting . I ca n't even tell if those are completely responsible for the problems I am having.Besides formatting , there has been no improvement in other annoyances having to do with headers/footers and anchored graphics and text boxes changing themselves around whenever they feel like it . Who 's supposed to be in control here , anyway ? It 's time to revolt -- I 'm going to try StarOffice from Sun .
 If everyone were still churning out stock options in their sleep and making money every time they went to the coffee machine , it would n't be so much of an issue . And if the licensing were less draconian , it would n't be so much of an issue.But since we actually need to work to make a profit these days , it 's not really smart to spew all this money at software that you 're not even using , most of the time , to create your product.Have your office sysadmin or techwriter or something try out StarOffice or OpenOffice.org for a couple weeks , then train the rest of the company on how to switch . Using the same software all your professional life is n't in the bill of rights and the smart decision is to switch to something that works , that you can actually afford.If your employees or co-workers are smart enough to make whatever they 're making , they 're smart enough to switch to a different spreadsheet .
 Whatever you do , do NOT install this on a computer with critical files . Having gone through the installation without any errors , on restart NONE of my non-Microsoft software worked . NONE . And reinstalling it did n't help at all . I ended up deleting my whole hard drive and installing Office 97 back on my computer in order to get everything functioning again . Trust me , it 's not worth it .
 This software is too expensive , bloated , and requires you to register over the internet . You can only install it on 1 PC or you will get locked out and have to call a phone number.Buy StarOffice.Dump Microsoft . Get real value for your hard earned dollars.What if you have more than 1 PC at home ? Do you really want to buy 2 or 3 copies of this software ? What happens if you upgrade your PC ?
 That is very good software , but i would like in the dictionary include pronunciation of the words searched ... The Outlook does n't convince me , is so slow and make a mess on my other e-mail accounts . On the whole Out look is very good idea but it needs its improvements . I tried to send mails with pictures and the receivers never got it , they just received the terrible red `` X '' , I just hope went i uninstalled from my computer I can re-install on other one , because it needs on line registration for continue installing ...
 That 's all I have to say . Office XP tends to be quite unstable with my workstation -LRB- Pentium 4 , 1GB RAM , Windows 2000 Pro -RRB- . Oh , it has its upsides also . It has a nice UI design , the SmartTags feature are nice . But that 's it . Just the -LRB- not-so-good -RRB- same-old same-old .
 was not told of `` not for retail or oem distribution '' as stated on the cd .
 Glorified tweaks here and there will only deceive those that they will . Unless your Office Suite is 97 or earlier , do n't lend ears to all the hypes you hear . Most of the `` improvements '' attributed to Office XP are just over-advertised tweaks that only make the software a bit more user-friendly AND NOT more powerful.Compared to Office 2000 , Microsoft has put up fewer applications for more money
 I have Microsoft Office 2000 and was in the process of buying/upgrading to Microsoft Office XP , until I noticed that I would have to buy 4 different programs for my family 's 4 separate computers.My wife has her own computer , my daughter has her own computer I have mine , and we have a laptop we all use collectively when we travel.So with Microsoft 's new licensing policy it would cost me a small fortune to keep those in my family using the XP version.On top of that ... we tend to stay on the cutting edge of the latest hardware available , -LRB- I build and upgrade my own systems -RRB- , so I would be susceptible to going to Microsoft with my hat in hand explaining why I need clearance to reinstall THEIR program again on my computer.I know the runaround this involves , plus I do n't like the idea of having to play this game with a product I have paid for!It is demeaning to say the least.Microsoft can keep their programs -LRB- I was going to purchase Microsoft Front Page and found similar restrictions -RRB- , and I will be sure to keep their `` Big Brother '' mentality in mind when I purchase software in the future.This new licensing policy is sure to hurt their sales and is sure to open up opportunities for other software companies not so anal about licensing.Microsoft can stick this -LRB- and their other programs -RRB- up their hard drive , because it 's not going on mine !
 OK , how many of you out there find yourselves having to keep you machines up to date by buying new ones periodically . And when you buy your new PC , you want to move your software over to the new machine rather than having to buy the same or new software over again . Get ready for a surprise ! With Microsoft 's new Product Activation in Office XP , once you have installed it on a PC and Activated it , you will not be able to move the software over to a new machine . Microsoft knows when you try to activate your software on a different PC , that is has already been activated on the old one and will not allow you to activate the software.Now I am all for software anti-piracy measures and always remove the software from the older PCs before disposing of them -LRB- usually through charitable foundations -RRB- ; however , Microsoft should have included a way to DEACTIVATE Office XP -LRB- and any thing else -RRB- so that you could reactivate it on another PC . I beleive we ARE ENTITLED to do this . Shame on Microsoft.Office XP is a decent product , I just think Microsoft has n't thought out the anti-piracy scheme very well !
 MS Word 's biggest weakness has been style management . In XP , it became even weaker . Word 2000 allowed a user to modify a style after opening a series of dialog boxes . In Word XP , you must first open a side panel that takes almost one third of your screen . Then if you know where to click , you can eventually find the same series of dialog boxes that were in Word 2000 . If you created a document in Word 2000 , do n't expect it to look the same in Word XP . In Microsoft 's infinite wisdom , the fonts that are provided with XP are different than Word 2000 . XP has some new fonts , but deleted some of the old fonts . It can become frustrating.Unfortunately , MS Office has become the defacto standard with no challengers in sight . So , stick with MS Office 2000 . As a general rule , avoid MS products that have revisions as letters , such as `` ME '' or `` XP . '' Stick to updates that are named after the numbered year -LRB- e.g. 98 or 2000 -RRB- ; -RRB-
 MS Office has certainly become the sort of standard for office suite software , but , it is just too darn expensive ! Almost -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for the pro edition ? No wonder why Microsoft had to start the required key registrations -LRB- requires contacting MS with a specific key generated during install and then they provide you with another key to `` unlock '' their software -RRB- - barely any home user can afford it anymore . But we need it because our workplaces use Office . I do n't like the way they are sticking it to us . I 'm switching to Sun 's StarOffice -LSB- less $ $ -RSB- which is supposed to be compatible with Word , Excel , and Powerpoint and just as good .
 I purchased Office XP when I received my new computer with Windows XP . It was a terrible mistake . I 've got nothing going on about MS and their registration demands . They have a right to keep people from stealing their stuff -- but when they sell expensive software that is full of bugs on the software platform it was designed for ?!?! I was so less-than-impressed I got my money back . And that took work .
 I installed the software on a laptop , window 98 . I got a new computer with window xp . I can not deactivate the registration so that I can reinstall it on the new computer . Once you register the software , you will have a hard time moving it to another machine .
 I got this for work ; we all went through a day of fiddling about and installing and looking at the features , and pretty soon everyone was gopher holing up out of their cubes saying sarcastically , `` Well , thank goodness *** paid for it ! '' Yeah , there 's cool stuff and it 's pretty , but not for this price . I 'm surprised MS is still selling their products at this price , in this economy , since sooner or later -LRB- or right now -RRB- employers are going to be just trying to stay afloat , and not bothering with excessive software costs.Our friendly neighborhood geek down the hall mocked us for having it , and said he 'd been on OpenOffice.org for months and it had the same features for FREE . So he made us come down and see it . And it did n't have * all * the same features , but pretty close , and when he opened up our Word user 's guides in it , it looked just like it did in Word . So , geeklike , he mocked us again , and then told us where to download it for our home machines because we sure as heck were n't going to pay for the upgrade ourselves.So , long story short . If it 's your money , do n't get it . And OpenOffice.org is working on my home Windows 2000 machine just fine .
 Simple editing , spreadsheet tasks are easy in MS Office . Tasks at and above college levels are very hard to impossible to do .
 That is very good software , but i would like in the dictionary include pronunciation of the words searched ... The Outlook does n't convince me , is so slow and make a mess on my other e-mail accounts . On the whole Out look is very good idea but it needs its improvements . I tried to send mails with pictures and the receivers never got it , they just received the terrible red `` X '' , I just hope went i uninstalled from my computer I can re-install on other one , because it needs on line registration for continue installing ...
 When I installed Windows office , it crashed my Windows 2000 Professional . Also , Sblive is not compatible with WIndows 2000 . It seems to be like they are not compatible to each other . BE CAREFUL when you upgrade !!!!!
 I have no idea as to how good or bad this product is because I still have n't received it ! The last I heard was the ` vendor ' was out of the country on holiday and he will check into it when he returns -LRB- no date given ! -RRB- . Atrocious service .
 I did not get this item as this picture shows , very disapointed.and the version is an academic do n't know what that means .
 I bought this for reinstall and it would not . I even took it to a Microsoft professional and it still did not install . He thought it was a pirated version .
 Did anyone notice that Office 2000 Professional used to include FrontPage , Publisher and PhotoDraw but the Office XP Professional Upgrade only includes the basic applications -LRB- Word , Excel , PowerPoint , Outlook and Access -RRB- ? I have a problem with that . I like MS products in general , but I expect their product lines to be consistent . The Prefessional Upgrade should upgrade all the applications . If the other applications were discontinued , that would be one thing , but the `` Special Edition '' includes the full suite . Is there a `` Special Edition '' upgrade to fully upgrade the original Professional Suite ?
 ... . This has to be the most unnecessary software upgrade to date from Microsoft . There are virtually no significant enhancements over Office 2000 . Those bells and whistles that are included in this product seem to do more to diminish performance than add functional value . And forget about trying to upgrade from any Office version older than Office 97 - they are not considered qualifying products and the upgrade WILL NOT INSTALL ! Even Amazon 's very competitive prices of -LSB- price -RSB- for the upgrade and -LSB- price -RSB- for the full version border on obscene . ... . My recommendation is if you can live without it do so !
 Installed Office XP over an existing Office 2000 installation and Windows 2000 on a PIII system . I will regret this upgrade forever . Installation appeared to go fine but on restart I had about 50 different . dll error messages . I just kept hitting the return key to continue over and over . After I had replied to all the error messages I could n't open a single document and the computer appeared to run very , very slowly . Restart , reboot , restart , reboot - nothing helped , the symptoms were the same each time.Uninstalled XP and reinstalled 2000 . . DLL error messages are gone but MediaPlayer wo n't work.However I did manage to install Office XP to my other computer running Windows NT 4 and it seems to work pretty well . There 's no particularly great new features in this version of Office , though , so given what I know about it now I probably would n't have bought it in the first place.Office 97 should be enough for just about anyone , and I still use it on my slightly aging laptop . A truly great product , I 'm sorry it 's no longer available for sale .
 After having used Word 6.0 C and the same other programs on my computer for years , without hardly ever crashing , OfficeXP2002 was my nightmare in waiting . Once installed on my Win98SE 256/40G , Office XP crashed regularly while reading emails , writing emails and editing Word documents . Explorer also started to crash regularly . I got to know the blue screen really well!After passing on error messages to MS , they told me it was conflicting with my Nvidia graphics software . Upgrade their driver I was told . After that , my Epson 800 printer would n't work . The new Nvidia driver conflicted with a Librarydll file . Had to msconfig and turn Nvidia 's flashy controls off at startup . Now the printer works . OfficeXP still crashes , but it seems not mid document , usually when exiting or restarting when one or two other programs are running , thus locking up the entire system . Shutting down never seemed the same also - a hanging Win98 screen!After reinstalling Win98SE and reading several articles , I went to a MS Win98SE patch html page and updated about 7 updates ! My computer still crashes , usually daily , probably because Outlook is always running and I need to run two or three other programs . Never had this problem over the years with Outlook Express always running.OfficeXP has n't crashed mid-email or mid-Word document -LRB- yet -RRB- but my computer hardly ever goes a day without crashing.OfficeXP 's Word will not maintain the formatting integrity of my Word 6 or Word97 documents ! You can count on boxes and lines being out of alignment with text . Apparently MS changes the formatting in Word for every new version -LRB- to force everyone to upgrade ? -RRB- Does n't even maintain formatting integrity when you save a document in an older version -LRB- just try opening it up with the older version !!! -RRB- The whole thing is a nightmare but I now feel locked in . It will be a loooooog time before I upgrade ever again . One day there 'll be an alternative to Word that is truly cross-platform and productive .
 I tested the beta version of Office XP -LRB- Last candidate release -RRB- and the interface is cool but the functionality is almost the same . Only some XML stuff and many Windows crashes . . If you have previous Office versions , do n't waste your money . .
 After reading reviews I will keep my Office 2000 . I really loved Wordperfect but due to big brother I have been forced to use MS Office . How rude to have to buy several copies , one fo r each computer , I have like 3 computers , I dont have that much money . I will be glad when someone invents a affordable and accepted wordprocessor speadsheet ...
 This product just ticked me off big time . I build my own systems -LRB- for myself -RRB- . I am not a pirate . I feel like Microsoft is treating me like one ! In order for me to use Office XP I have to have the product activated by Microsoft via a modem or internet connection . This is like buying a new car and the dealer only provides you with the Valet key and states we retain the master key to your car forever . HOLD ON HERE ! I bought the product . . , it &#8217; s like being told you can use it but you can &#8217; t own it . What happens if that service becomes unavailable for some time ? What kind of malarkey is that ? I don &#8217; t think it is Microsoft &#8217; s right to know I am rebuilding my system and or moving the software from one computer to another . You won &#8217; t be able to do that with the consent of Microsoft . Who do they think they are ? I do not recommend buying this product unless you want to explain to Microsoft what you are doing with your computer every time you are feeling like improving your system . The next thing you know Big Bill will be in your system watching you to see where he can get another buck out of you .
 I bought this product expecting tons of enhancements from the 2000 office suite , there were little except for the special xp emblem . Furthermore , under the guise of a product activation -LRB- which must be activated in order to use the full version , otherwise you get the full version for a little bit before it reverts back to a demo -RRB- , Microsoft limits the amount of computers you can install it on . I was only able to install it on two computers before it would not allow me to activate the product any longer , stating the product was already activated on another machine and to contact customer service . Overall , I would have to say that this product is grossly overpriced , and anyone looking for an office suite that is comparable , but much cheaper should check into Sun 's Star Office -LRB- It works with Microsoft documents so it 's worth it -RRB- .
 Office kept freezing my computer . I 'm running Windows 2000 , which crashes very rarely , and NEVER freezes completely -LRB- i.e. no mouse/keyboard response -RRB- . After installing Office XP , the system started freezing -LRB- as described above -RRB- CONTINUALLY!So I downloaded all the patches and updates for Office , Windows , and of course got the latest Video drivers . I shut down all non-essential programs , and it would still crash!Eventually I uninstalled XP and reinstalled Office 2000 .
 If everyone were still churning out stock options in their sleep and making money every time they went to the coffee machine , it would n't be so much of an issue . And if the licensing were less draconian , it would n't be so much of an issue.But since we actually need to work to make a profit these days , it 's not really smart to spew all this money at software that you 're not even using , most of the time , to create your product.Have your office sysadmin or techwriter or something try out StarOffice or OpenOffice.org for a couple weeks , then train the rest of the company on how to switch . Using the same software all your professional life is n't in the bill of rights and the smart decision is to switch to something that works , that you can actually afford.If your employees or co-workers are smart enough to make whatever they 're making , they 're smart enough to switch to a different spreadsheet .
 Our office made it mandatory for us to upgrade to Office XP ... I have had nothing but problems since . Thankfully , I only have to deal with this piece of garbage at work . I definetely will NOT be buying ANY XP branded product for my home computer.First of all if you thought Word was slow , wait until you try Word XP . It takes nearly 5 minutes for a large document to load in Word XP while Word brought it up in a few seconds . And when word finally does load your document , it has stupid comments all over your document -LRB- which is probally why it took so long to load -RRB- . The first time I tried printing a document with Word XP , it took nearly 90 minutes for it to even get to the printer ! When the document FINALLY printed out , I found that it printed out ALL the comments which DOUBLED the size of my document . I figured out how to turn the comments off , but have not figured out how to turn it off permantly . So everytime I load a document , I have to turn the comments off and hope that the drop downs that do this actually work!Also when I first loaded word , outlook or excel there was this annoying `` pop up '' at the top corner of your screen that had something to do with hands free typing . I permantly killed this window too because I DO N'T NEED THIS -LSB- stuff -RSB- MICROSOFT !! Also another feature I do n't like is when you copy more that one item in word , it brings up another annoying clipboard window that Microsoft assumes you want . This window displays EVERYTHING you have copied and covers up part of the window you are working in . I never have and never will use this clipboard so there is no reason why it should keep popping up . Apparantly Microsft `` forgot '' to add a way to permantely turn this off from office . I ended up having to go into the Windows registry to do it.Finally there are bugs galore . The buttons and drop downs sometimes stop working for no apparant reason . Sometimes when trying to open certain documents from other office programs you get error messages , and when trying to open Help , you occasionally get messages saying `` Error opening help '' ! Go figure.Top these errors off with the ever annoying autoformatting `` feature '' in Word , Excel and Office and you have a complete waste of money.Bottom line , Do n't waste your money on this . You are MUCH better off with what you have now . I have discovered , that Microsoft tries to FORCE you to do things the way they ASSUME you like to do things . They just keep adding more `` features '' that intefere more than assist you . You will spend a lot of time undoing what they force you to do . You will also spend a lot of time trying to turn off their useless and annoying `` features '' just to type ONE document . Heck you may be better off with a typewritter since you have the freedom to do what YOU want instead of wasting time undoing what Microsoft automatically does for you .
 Hate it !! Upon installing I found out I needed several other quite expensive programs :-LRB- I would not suggest this kit to anyone b/c it does n't work with protools
 Got EZDrummer lite with my korg nanopad . Followed the instructions . Downloaded the software and it would n't install . Went all over the web , no solution . Found software in another part of their site , downloaded it again . This version installed . started to use it and it says to authorize it . Cool , no biggie , now we 're getting somewhere ! It gave me a computer code to enter and a link . Hit it , signed in , filled in the blanks and then now what ? There 's no button to enter the info . GRRRR !!! But wait ! Here 's an instructional youtube video right on the page . It tells me to do what I just did but shows a button that says `` authorize '' . Well that stupid button is covered up by a big pane that says `` your products '' on the real page with a tiny little edge showing that is not enough to click . GRRRRRR !!! So I find a link on the site `` contact webmaster '' and type in pretty much what I just typed here . I hit send and it says
 Let me first start by saying that EZDrummer does what it promises to do very well . I installed the software on my Windows XP PC and it worked perfectly , delivering very convincing drum sounds for my home recordings . However , when I attempted to install it on my laptop which runs Windows 7 -LRB- the computer I bought it for -RRB- , my opinion of it quickly soured . It wo n't install . Ive tried several different workarounds like copying the files from the disk to the hard drive and downloading the software from the Toontracks website . Nothing works . I keeps returning the same annoying error message . Toontracks recognizes that the software is incompatible and has a beta patch on their support page . However , that does me no good if I ca n't install the program so I can patch it.So while I think EZDrummer is a terrific software package , I ca n't recommend it to anyone with a Windows 7 -LRB- and I 'm guessing Vista -RRB- PC .
 Getting this program ` registered ' was easy . Just go to the Toontrack website , create an account , and take it from there . That was the EASY part.I have a Sweetwater Creation Station -LRB- Windows PC -RRB- , about 4 years old , running XP . My recording device is Pro Tools 003 Rack.After 24 hours of trying to get this to work ... I gave up . I trashed the program . It 's like I threw $ 70 out the window -LRB- what I paid for it -RRB- . I installed from the disk . Got several errors that I did n't understand , but you could ` ignore ' them . Understand ... the errors were there from the disc ... nothing wrong with my computer . Got everything loaded in ... tried SOLO , and this worked . Went into PRO TOOLS and was finally able to get the program to recognize the plug in . You have to create a STEREO INSTRUMENT track to be able to find EZ DRUMMER ... not that it said anything about this in any of the literature . At this point , you have to ` click and drag ' the midi files from EZ DRUMMER to the PRO TOOLS INSTRUMENT TRACK , and you could start building up your tracks . I would do this , but the midi files would never line up with the grid . Yes , I was in BEATS AND BARS . Well , after two days , I figured out how to fix the grid problem , which was inside Pro Tools ... you have to make sure even the GRID is in BEATS AND BARS . At that point , the program seemed to be working okay , but then I could never get a tempo problem fixed in Pro Tools . The tempo errors were
 First of all you need Midi Sequencer software to use this product . If you do n't have one be prepared to spend $ 100 to $ 500 for a descent one . The registration process for this product is very tedious and requires many steps . And after I have done all this the program still does n't work . My Midi Sequencer ca n't find the EZ Drummer plug in -LRB- wasted $ 150 on that -RRB- . I even downloaded Toontracks free Midi Sequencer and even it ca n't find the plug-in . So basically I have invested approximately $ 300 for absolutely nothing . If you are lucky enough to get it to work it does sound great .
 Let me start by saying that I 've only been working with EZdrummer for a day , but I still would like to share my experience so far . I ordered the physical DVD software package , so those of you considering this path , take note.First , after reading online about how miserable the installation , registration , and authentication process could be , I decided to read all of the installation instructions that Toontrack made available through the product manual and their online support , hoping to avoid others ' missteps . They do n't provide very thorough instructions from either resource . The majority of the information I found was from reading online reviews . Registration is easy . They made authentication more complicated than it should 've been . By using some fancy overzealous security measures they overrode my MacBook Pro 's ability to copy and paste the authentication code so I had to type it in manually . I do n't see how this improves their product security but it does make it more difficult for someone who legitimately bought their product . Annoying , yes , but not a big deal.Now , between those two steps I was instructed to download and install the software updates . Two of the patches installed successfully but the largest file , and what appeared to be the primary update , would not install , regardless of what I tried . So , I contacted their support and explained the problem . And this was the email response I received -LRB- yes , copy and pasted -RRB- : `` Certain older versions of EZdrummer that were printed on a DVD are not able to be updated to the latest version 1.3.1 . `` Umm , so why did you send Amazon , which then sent me , an obsolete product that ca n't be updated?The email response continues : `` The solution in this instance is to install the Full version of EZdrummer from the full download in your account , then install the 1.3.1 software update . `` Ok , so why did n't your website mention this immediately and in bold print , when I registered my DVD serial number ? And when I searched extensively throughout your website for an explanation as to why the update would n't install , why did n't I find that explanation anywhere ? If I understand correctly , you had some extra outdated product lying around the warehouse that you decided to ship out to your retailers because that saved a few dollars over destroying the obsolete product and producing new , updated DVDs ? Huh . That 's an odd way of winning over your customers.I will update this review after I have the chance to explore the software .
 My recommendation is to avoid all Nova Development products if there is a rebate involved , or you think you might need to deal with customer service . This company does NOT pay rebates on time , if at all , and has some of the WORST customer service you will ever encounter . No Wonder , turns out they have an F grade with the BBB and are the subject of numerous complaints with the Attorney General 's office . My advice
 This software was a big disappointment , b/c most of the writing ideas are reports of a factual nature . I had thought that the software would take my child through the steps of writing , but it did n't . Furthermore , the motivational comments are not motivational to my student , but rather annoying . I spent the money for nothing . We are not using the software .
 My six year old daughter got The Learning Company ` sStorybook Weaver Deluxefor Christmas last year . She has had a great time using it to write stories by herself , with friends , and with family members . This year , we got the Ultimate Writing and Creativity Center program for her because we thought it was the next step up from Storybook Weaver . Maybe it is better or worse or just different , but we ca n't figure it out and my daughter is frustrated . She does not like it at all . To say that the program is not user friendly is an understatement . The introduction and the help menu are basically useless . It might be a great program and it might be worth twice the list price if it came with a simple two or three-page instruction booklet with the CD , but it does not . I do n't know everything that the program can do but , frankly , it has not shown enough potential to make me want to invest a lot of time trying to figure it out.I am very disappointed with the limited writing program choices available for children . I think that software manufacturers are missing out on a very lucrative market .
 Was n't very user friendly to my 9-year-old son . Ca n't remember where to click for the different functions . Not easily discernible .
 I have large computers , and it will not run with the modern stuff . I have tried it on our smaller versions and it says incompatible 1997 . If that is the case then whoa we are way off . I was so excited too , for the illustrations . I am having to deal with an illustration department now and this would have helped me show them what I want . Oh well .
 At one time maximizer had a huge following and was good for 1 user or 100 users . Since it switched from the Pervasive data base to Microsoft SQL Server it sucks green swamp water . Version 11 did not work out of the box . Maximizer offered to make it work on a stand alone computer for $ 50 per half hour . Further they crippled a lot of features available to work with SQL server . Besides a horrendous installation and a space consuming block of cement this program no longer has any value . You ca n't adjust column width or many other things that you could do in previous versions . Avoid this like a plague . You will need to hire an IT person to keep SQL server working and stay working even for a stand alone system . You will need to pay $ 50 per half hour for tech support - no exceptions - even if it does not work out of the box .
 Read the fine print before you buy . Maximizer says you can try it free for 30 days , but read the fine print . If you purchase the program , you ca n't return it , even if it is unopened . Buyer Beware !!
 I had been using version 5 of TurboCAD Designer by IMSI , which I bought for about $ 30 . It did three dimensional drawing well enough for my needs . I purchased TurboCAD version 14 because the price was low enough and I figured that it would have more features than version 5 . I was shocked to find that version 14 of TurboCAD Designer does not have any 3D capability . WARNING
 this product does not save into AUTOCAD DWG , DXF files.there is a bug.Imsi do not have a fix for this bug , making this product useless.Imsi website is a mess with lots of broken links . The buildin web links have broken links . . even the one that suppose to update links to the correct links . Imagine how much support you get from these jokers .
 From Adobe 's website ... Effective December 13 , Adobe disabled the activation server for CS2 products and Acrobat 7 . If you install Acrobat 7 or a CS2 application , the activation fails and returns the error , `` Activation Server Unavailable . `` Adobe has done nothing to correct this issue but offer downloads of incomplete packages . If you buy this product you will not be able to activate any of the Production Studio Premium software and will be left with a gaping hole in your bank account .
 My son loves Jump Start at school but this software is obsolete . i have n't had the classic OS on my last 2 computers ; I ca n't believe they 're still selling this .
 This new version requires you to buy every address you print out beyond the first 2000 . This drastically reduces the value of the program . Frankly , it 's marketed in a very sneaky way because they do n't make it very clear you 're going to be buying these names until you open the box . They need to go back to the old version with unlimited use .
 This product is effectively worthless ! The whole point to buying telephone numbers is to export them , lots of them , for marketing purposes but `` Select Phone Pro '' - which used to make this possible - now only allows you to download a paltry 500 without paying a constant surcharge for your next 500 by buying these silly `` profiles '' . The value of 500 numbers is pretty inconsequential to me and I suspect , anyone who is likely to buy this product . Frankly , you 're much better off sending your lists to a phone number supplier or simply looking up the numbers on the net for free . Worst of all , there is no indication on the packaging from `` Select Phone Pro '' that buying the product does not entitle you to the full use of it - really pretty shameful and misleading .
 I used to use Select Phone for years to prepare mailing lists . Now , every time I purchase the `` upgrade '' it gets worse . The product was once user friendly and was great for producing mailing lists . Now it 's riddled with pop-up ads and is cumbersome to use . The software was supposed to allow me save 2000 profiles but it only was enabled to do 500 . After calling tech support I still could n't get the profiles . Most firewalls prevent you from getting additional profiles . Needless to say it was a huge waste of time ordering this software . I am returning it . By the way , if you register the software and then cancel they will hound you for months to re-order . I asked them on multiple occasions to stop calling me .
 sounds like they got a little greedy and that 's that .
 TO MAKE THE ITEM WORK YOU HAVE TO ACTIVATE IT WITH THE INFOSEEK COMPANY . CALLED THE COMPANY , THEY SAID THIS SOFTWARE CAN NOT BE ACTIVATED BECAUSE IT WAS SOLD ILLEGALY AND WAS INTENDED TO BE USED BY ONE CUSTOMER ONLY DURING THE YEAR 2002 .
 I tried to install this for 2 weeks and ca n't intall it . The installation wizzard complains that it ca n't find an internet connection . The tech support could not identify the problem and told me to wait -LRB- forever ? -RRB- until they fine a fix . Apprently , BeyondTV has problems communicating with some ISP 's . This is a known problem that Snapstrem did n't disclose . Now I 'm stuck with software that will not even install -LRB- dell 2.5 ghz with 1g memory -RRB- . My $ 62 purchase is worthless . The warrenty specifically states that installation problems are not covered . Totally dissatisfied .
 If you want to spend all your time troubleshooting problems instead of enjoying TV , buy this product . If you would just like a DVR to setup and never have to think about , get a Tivo.This software is a great idea , and the menus are laid out great . However , it is just like with any Windows based system , it constantly messes up . I would lose sound , my picture would stretch out for no reason , the playback would start to jerk and lose sync.It works nice when it works , but good luck keeping it running for long . I bought this to replace my Tivo . I thought I would have more control over it and not have to pay monthly fees . Well monthly fees are worth it to have a DVR that works flawlessly 24/7 . I fight with enough computers all ready to have to add another .
 My recommendation is to avoid all Nova Development products if there is a rebate involved , or you think you might need to deal with customer service . This company does NOT pay rebates on time , if at all , and has some of the WORST customer service you will ever encounter . No Wonder , turns out they have an F grade with the BBB and are the subject of numerous complaints with the Attorney General 's office . My advice
 If you are buying this for making alterations to your photos its not badBut if you are like me and you want to burn your pics to a dvd slide show with music forget it . Tech support is rude too - on the bright side they are free -LRB- to my understanding -RRB- but perhaps thats why they are rude.either way the program does not support mp4 's -LRB- it does support mp3 and wav -RRB- what i tunes uses so you can forget music with your slideshow and then in order for your computer to support the program for burning you will have to remove whatever other program that is using your burner there is no flip flopping - a lot of work little reward
 I bought this for the fact it said I could made dvd type photos . I have searched every inch of this program and can not find out how to do that . I feel I have now wasted my money on this .
 I had purchased this a few years ago and it worked on my older computer -LRB- which ran XP -RRB- but would not work on my newer computer which also ran XP . Not sure what the reason was , but it was disappointing , especially considering that I spent far more than it is worth now.The headphones got well used , though . They had a reasonably nice sound and we even enjoyed using the program a bit on my old computer , but I notice now -LRB- Oct. 2010 -RRB- the company listed on my box no longer exists , or they have totally changed and sell a different product and do n't seem to support Singing Coach . I 'd buy it again just for the headphones ... if it comes down in price to what those are worth , that is . It 's still selling a bit high .
 Simply put , I installed this on 3 different machines running XP , Vista , and Windows 7 . It did n't work properly on any of them . I tried contacting support and never even received a confirmation that they 'd gotten the e-mail -LRB- let alone an actual response -RRB- . Do n't buy this or you 're burning your money .
 I purchased this product and could not install it because of the many errors in the software . My computer is up-to-date , and I usually have no problems installing software . When I called for technical support , I found that Electronic Learning Products no longer supports their product . If you have problems , they will not help you . When you call their number , you get a recording stating the date they stopped helping -- no other option given.Please note other reviews from people who also had trouble with installation and use.Please buy a product from a company that stands behind what they sell.I wish I would have purchased this from Amazon . Unfortunately , I did not and will not get my money back .
 extremely poor item . i tried installing on 4 different machines running xp and it would not work on any correctly . the singing coach portion does not work at all while some other modules will work they do not work correctly . the voice analysis function is useless becaause it is meant to work with the singing lessons portion which , as i said , does not function at all . to add insult to injury the manufacturers website will not allow you to download the free songs promised , has no downloadable updates and only tells you to wait and purchase their new version out in spring 2010 . this is one of the worst products i have had the misfortune of trying to get working and ca n't beleive they have the gall to continue to sell a defective product with no support and only try to sell you a newer version - which probably wo n't work either ! i was so looking forward to this product and was extemely freustrated . DO NOT BUY .
 I just ordered this program and it does not work on XP ... kept getting a error message . I tried running it in compatibility mode but no luck.I would definitely not recommend this product . It can not be returned because it has been opened ! Just how are you to know it does n't work until you open it ??? Poor return policy for software , especially since the company that made this is no longer supporting it . Do n't waste your money .
 This was a waste on money for me . I am running XP Home and this is not working . Nothing I am doing will work . So all in all I ca n't even get passed the frist welcome screen with out it saying error and closing out on me . I dont even get to use it . . Waste
 This could definitely be something to buy for your children , but be warned
 I run WinXP Pro . this program is not compatible . And when you e mail customer support for assitance , all you will get is a automated mail telling you to . Turn off any anti-virus programs and lower your internet browser security setting to low . After 4 days , many e-mails , phone calls , and alot of waiting I can honestly say they were worthless.People who have trouble installing should . -LRB- it just ca n't be me ! -RRB- 1 . remove the current shockwave player and go to their web site and install a fresh copy2 . Install program .3 . Wait for singing lesson section start then freeze4 . Return CD in packaging5 . Thank Amazon for having a easy return policy
 Can anyone say if it works with Windows 7 ? The reviews are mixed on Vista compatability . Thanks . Reply to this comment if you can .
 When I got the Singing Coach Unlimited , I was very excited . It was a birthday gift from my mom . When I was installing it , I knew things were not going to turn out well . I had to try to install it about 5 times before it finally worked . When it finally did install , it just did n't work even though my computer met all the system requirements . The audio in the program would stop after a few words . I did n't even get to use the program . I was very disappointed . But putting all that aside , I would like to say that Amazon.com makes returning items easy as can be !
 Maybe I got a bad copy , but I could n't even install this software on any of my computers and I 'm a certified computer repair tech .
 I ordered this from Amazon.com for my 8-year-old daughter , who clamored for it after seeing it on a TV promotion on Nickelodean or Disney . It 's also being promoted on VH1 , MTV and Comedy Central channels . When I received it , I was shocked to find the following label covering part of the box barcode on the bottom size of the box : `` Warning
 I 'm a second soprano but no matter how I adjust my range , it says I 'm a tenor . Consequently , it is of no use to me , since I can neversuccessfully use it . perhaps its a lemon & its a good program . I do n't reccommend it . I 'm an exerienced singer .
 I have not been able to fully use the product since I 'm unable to get the lessons to function properly . I 've taken and sent screen shots , gathered configurations and log file to Carry-a-Tune 's e-mail support with no response . Even have followed up with additional emails.I 've also noticed their website has n't been updated in years . In fact it does n't reflect the changes in the retail industry -LRB- they still show CompUSA as my local supplier when in fact there has n't been a local CompUSA for a long time -RRB- .
 I should have reasearched this before we bought it as a christmas gift . Does not work on Windows 7 at all - even w / Windows compatibility fixes . Look at the dates of the good reviews - several years old ?? ALSO - re
 This was a great product , but it is now on it 's way out . There is no technical support from carryatune.com . I had it installed on my laptop , but when I upgraded to Windows 7 and tried to reinstall it , the software was not recognized . So , I tried to reinstall it on my desktop with Windows XP . When I tried to open the program , I got an error stating that it could not run a second instance - apparently because it still thinks it 's installed on my laptop . I tried calling the company listed on the back of the software and a recorded message indicates that there is no longer support for this product . This program allowed you to purchase songs online , now all of those songs I purchased are also unavailable .
 CHECK THE FINE PRINT This software is discontinued item and no longer supported by the manufacturer . They barely even admit that they ever made the software . I managed to get a response from ELP Products and their response was basically `` tuff cookies '' we do n't support that product any more but we will let you know if you want to buy some of our other products.AND is does not work.I installed it on two different systems and the the most important part , the singing lessons module does not function !! There is no longer any online links that work so forget about adding any songs or getting any help at all . The sad part is the other feature of the software work and seem like it would have been fun , though a little child like in it 's presentation.I realize it was discounted but still ... move the tiny print about being discontinued to the head of the listing . I an gon na attempt to return it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . It will not work with Vista or Windows 7 as others have stated . The company has made no effort to create an update patch that will work . Simply put , vote with your money and do n't support this company . It 's absurd to still have this product on market with no update , and not support existing customers who have updated their operating systems .
 I could not make this program run under Vista . As of May 2010 the company no longer supports this version and provides no tech support .
 There are not any updates to work with Vista and the company tech line does n't return phone calls . I do n't recommend the Product !!! NOR THE COMPANY TECH SUPORT !!!! HORRIBLE !
 It worked and was pretty cool until I upgraded to windows7 then it stopped working . Reinstall does n't work not even in compatibility mode . Wasted my money on this one . They really should have a patch to download or something .
 THis product is not at all as I expected . THe one I used previously was easy to use and had over 100 songs in it 's library . This product does not track the voice well , even for the teacher !! I am so sorry to have purchased it !
 I bought this product years ago for my daughter and this year I re-gifted it to her and she put it on our laptop with no apparent problems however now I need to remove it from our desktop computer but it wo n't let me and the program does not have an uninstall feature once it is downloaded ! It takes up too much space and I hope I will be able to get it off one way or another . Furthermore , from reading the other reviews I wo n't even try contacting their tech support .
 This is not a bad system if all you want to do is record your practice sessions . However the written music often comes without standard notes and you ca n't go far with the system .
 OK , I was about to purchase this item , and decided to read the one-star reviews -LRB- I usually do n't do this , but something told me to do it this time . -RRB- You 'll read comments that it does n't work on MOST operating systems , and the thing that bothered me most is their TOTAL LACK of customer support . IF you do decide to purchase this , please check it out with the BBB before you make the mistake of throwing your $ $ away . The comments I 've read were enough to convince me . Thanks everyone for saving me a lot of time and aggravation . Scary - this could be on `` American Greed ! `` Lillie
 I was expecting much more than what I got . There are 25 songs but they 're all juvenile songs . You can download some but I guess I just expected more help with pitch than what this provides . For the money , it 's not worth it .
 After loading this program I can not open it . I contacted the company with this issue and received a form letter type email about shutting off my firewall and virus protection and updating all of my drivers . That did n't work . I have now tried this program on 6 computers in all and none of them can open it . The Carry-A-Tune support solution ? Ignore me . I have not heard back from them in a week and a half , after I told them I tried everything they said and it did n't work . I wasted around $ 100 on this program and the best they can do when it does n't work is to ignore me . Please , do not take the chance and waste your money like I did .
 I found this product to be difficult to use , and not very helpful as a practicing tool . The flash animation was too elaborate , and slowed my computer up to the point where the sceen was not keeping up with my perfomance . But that could just be my computer 's fault . What annoyed me most of all was how I was being graded on my ability to hold a note exactly , instead of using inflections and vibrato , etc. . So , although a good idea in theory , it was not worth the price I paid .
 I bought two of these from Circuit City - one for myself and one as a Christmas gift for my step-daughter . I installed it on my desktop , which is running Win XP Pro . After dealing with the lousy installation instructions that did n't make sense , and trying many times to get my computer to recognize that I had plugged in the microphone already , it finally recognized it and installed the program.I got the program running , but no sound was coming out of it . I thought maybe it was a problem with my computer , so I installed it on my laptop , which is running Win XP Pro as well -LRB- maybe that was the problem -RRB- . I had the same problem there - I could n't hear the characters talking and I could n't hear my voice or anything else for that matter.I called the support number on the box but that turned out to be support for ONLY the microphone . The guy told me that Sony was responsible for the software and I would need to contact them . He gave me the website address carryatune.com and told me I would be able to find what I needed there . I found a phone number there and called them . After listening to their annoying automated phone system , I was transfered to their customer service department . It rang and rang and rang and finally I got this guy 's answering machine . He was away from his desk . I left a message but he never called me back . -LRB- It 's the next day as I 'm writing this . -RRB- After some screaming and crying , I got fed up with it , decided that it was crap , and took it back to Circuit City . Technically , you 're not supposed to return software that has been opened , but I called ahead and explained the situation . I think the lady could feel my frustration . Either that or they must get a lot of complaints about this product , because she was willing to let me return it for a full refund . Thanks Circuit City ! -LRB- I 'm sure Amazon would have done the same . I love Amazon . -RRB-
 -LSB- ASIN : B0006SE5BQ Singing Coach Unlimited -RSB- I purchased Singing Coach Unlimited on March 08 . In the meantime my computer crashed and the only program available was Windows Vista , which was already on all the new computers . I was told that Windows Vista , which is the program on my new computer , would be compatible with Windows 98 programs . -LRB- Not so -RRB- I contacted a technician for Singing Coach Unlimited . He said the reason the program would not load is because it is not compatible with Windows Vista but that there was no problem . They would send me a disc immediatly at no extra cost . I waited until Mid May . It never came . I e-mailed . No reply . I phoned and left messages . My calls were not returned . Finally I got someone on the phone and they said they would send the disc at once . I am still waiting a month later . I have e-mailed more . No answer . No reply to my calls . It is now too late to return the product to Amazon.com and it appears I have no way of getting this disc from the manufacturer . I am deeply disappointed and wish there were some way of getting that disc . I bought this for my musical , but special needs child as part of her therapy.This is a word of warning to anyone whoever requires service from this company . It is simply not there
 Just to put it plainly , this software sucks , after running automatic optimasation , my PC failed to reboot and had to restore the entire windows . thanks god for acronis softwre.no star for this 1 is even too much
 I have a new computer -LRB- June 2012 -RRB- with 64 bits , and Music Ace 2 does not work for computers with 64 bits . If you have a new computer , this game will probably not work .
 This product was discontinued in December 2000 , according to the Magellan web site . I installed the product on Windows XP Professional , and discovered that the Search features do not work . -LRB- None of them . -RRB- Magellan 's technical support replied to my request for help by pointing out that it is a discontinued product which is no longer supported . They suggested buying a different , newer product . I agree . Buy something else . If you just want a map of Europe , Microsoft AutoRoute Europe 2007 works pretty well , though incomplete in at least some areas of Italy . Of course , it wo n't help with your Magellan GPS .
 The product itself is only fair . There are FAR better greeting card software products on the market , like Hallmarks and American Greetings . This one is clunky , and not professional looking . I bought this as a result of a rebate offer on Amazon to give it a try . BOY was I sorry . Over 10 weeks later and I am STILL waiting for the rebates to be paid , and I have encountered some of the WORST customer service I have ever experienced with Nova Development . No Wonder , turns out they have an F grade with the BBB and are the subject of numerous complaints with the Attorney General 's office . My advice
 I purchased this software believing it would do great . Boy , was I wrong ! This program is not worth the money I spent for it . I could n't get the program to open up my picture files from my computer or from a cd . A window kept popping up that read , `` unable to insert selected graphic because it is umrecognized format or is corrupt . '' They were all jpeg files which this software works with & I know there is nothing wrong with them . Hallmark Card Studio 2005 opened them up just fine ! Also , every Greeting Card I opened up , a thing would pop up saying that this font is no longer available & so it is replacing it with another , & so you have to click `` yes '' to it every time . And , I have to mention that Nova Developments tech support team , did nothing to help . I talked to two different tech support personal who heard my problem , said they would check into it , & call me back , & niether one of them called me back ! After three emails & two long distant telephone calls , that also cost me money , I gave up & took the program back to the store I purchased it from & luckily got a refund . Be very careful purchasing this program .
 90 % of the graphics and the templates are cheesy and ugly and old fashioned , look like the cheapest cards you get at the stock clearing sales . Only for those do n't mind to spend an hour on a card - either have to do it from scratch or edit a lot from the templates just to make the card looks decent enough to send to your loved ones . Plus you ca n't make any scrapbook pages !!
 I have joined Amazon just to express how completely disappointed I was in this product . I picked it up at Costco , hoping to save some money on birthday cards for the parties my four kids go to . I was lured by the box description that there were seemingly hundreds of card designs for every occasion . Surely I thought there would be plenty of cards that my kids who are aged 6 to 13 would use.But when I scrolled through the birthday cards for kids , and there must have been a couple of hundred of them , there was not a single one -LRB- that 's right , ZERO ! -RRB- that my 8-year old boy liked . Every single one is either for very young kids , or very serious `` to my best friend '' type cards . Have n't the people who selected these cards ever met a boy between the ages of 7 and 12 ? They like cards that are funny
 I just order this product with fairly high reviews and was eager to received the program . Now that I have it , I do n't like it !! We just purchased a brand new Dell computer and this is the first program we have installed on it . Well ... it does n't work correctly . I ran the printer wizard and the cards print out backwards . I saved a project I did and tried to re-open it and it told me the file was corrupt . Not !! Brand new computer , I do n't think so !! The cards were nice , but I did not like the fact that there was n't any other options to change the sayings in the card . You had to type your own , there were no other suggestions .
 Yeah , this thing is junk . I was scoring `` Freebird '' as a banjo piece with cello accents highlighted in the background and the banjo sound reproduction was terrible , the dotted half notes were in sequence with the 3/8ths and 5/16ths ... and do n't get me started on how the treble cleff was out of allignment causing my measures -LRB- and eventually verses -RRB- to slide in to one another . I gave this program 1 star because it did n't give me the option of putting a barfing face for a rating . Yeah , this thing is junk .
 The I Spy School Days was a disaster . Did not work on any of the 6 computers we tried it on . Tried it with all kind of Window programs . Have many other I Spy discs that have been great . Would not recommend this .
 I bought Daylite to replace my ACT ! contact manager when I switched from PC to Mac . It does n't come with a printed manual , althought they will sell you one for an additional $ 37 online if you agree to let them use your contact information for marketing purposes . If you do n't agree -LRB- who would ? -RRB- you ca n't buy the manual!ACT ! makes sense to me . It 's simple to use and effective . Although I 'm now committted to using Daylite , it is really confusing . It seems like it is trying to reinvent contact software , but I do n't want to reinvent anything , I just want to get to work .
 It 's a relationship based CRM , which they tout as being beneficial , but really just makes things way more difficult than they need to be . My business is B2B , and it 's a struggle to create employees who all work for the same company.Also , ACT has all the contact info and the notes and the next steps on one screen . Daylite requires you to flick back and forth between screens several times to gather all the info you need before you make a call or send an email . It tracks individual tasks and does n't necessarily relate them to a contact . Why would you make a call that does n't relate to a contact ? For project management , it is probably great , but is not a replacement for ACT . As flawed as I thought ACT was , I could call many more people with less screen shuffling than I can here . It takes me 5 or six screens to research a client 's activity , make a call , log that call and set up a follow up activity , which unfortunately , is 90 per cent of my business.Also the conversion process is not even close to perfect . I 've found records from which no data at all was converted . Most data was , although the emails show up with funny characters in them , but ideally not data should be lost.The alternative , running ACT on a Fusionware VM is n't great either .
 I will never buy another Microsoft product . Why ? All of a sudden , I could not download updates from my bank - customer service said the money file got corrupt beyond repair . This happened twice now . I had previous versions that worked ok , but Microsoft forces you to upgrade . It is also very unintuitive besides being buggy . Never again . Wish I could get my money back , after all , it does n't work !
 Kris , et all . Like many reviewers in the past , I have to agree there are no significant features to warrant upgrading . If there 's a new feature -LRB- not many for most users -RRB- that you 're dieing for , certainly upgrade . I upgraded -LRB- regrettably -RRB- since there was a new feature to delete all Bills area out . I had two phantom bills which kept showing up and every month an additional set would show up as past due . The number of past dues would have kept increasing every month . The short version is this feature -LRB- delete all Bills area -RRB- did not work for me . After discussing the issue with MS , the solution was to export every account -LRB- investments have two accounts -RRB- to a QIF file and the one at a time re-import each QIF file in . This was an absolute brutal recovery and I 've spent well over 35 - 40 hours getting it cleaned up . After each import you have to delete the duplicate/double posts in both accounts . As one web site once noted , this is not for the faint-of-heart . One of the features toted in this version is the budget improvement . So in fairness , I decided to test this out . I really did n't see any improvements during the interview portion , but afterwards the budget screen just shows a tan box where the cash flow used to be . Basically , it did n't work -LRB- keep in mind I basically started from scratch with the imports -RRB- . I 'm not impressed . The bottom line
 I upgraded from 2004 and have spent weeks trying to convert the file and set up the online services . I was perfectly happy with 2004 , but it was no longer compatible with a few banks . None of the online services work so you have to delete them and set them up again . I 've had to deal with corupt files , deleted entries , obnoxious pop ups , and more . This upgrade experience has been an absolute nightmare .
 Was recently forced to upgrade from my Money 2003 in order to continue using online stock price downloading functionality . The 2007 version is almost the same as Money 2003 , other than some cosmetic changes . The new product only comes with 2 years of online functionality vs. 3 years for Money 2003 . Had one major installation problem , in that none of the reports and charts were functional . Came across a post with a workaround -LRB- search groups for `` Money 2007 Reports '' and use Gary P 's solution -RRB- , and found that this particular bug also existed in the 2006 version of Money , but has not been fixed for 2007 . Then as I worked with the program I came across several other longstanding bugs in the program dating back as far as 2000 that have not been fixed . These bugs have been extensively reported on the microsoft.public.money group , and acknowledged by Microsoft -LRB- eg . search group for `` mutual fund asset allocation update '' to find a Mar 25 , 2000 post documenting a bug that existed in Money 2000 and still exists in Money 2007 -RRB- . Clearly , Microsoft has decided not to invest in this program . Which would be OK with me if they did n't force me every 2 to 3 years to pay again to continue to use the same buggy program .
 Microsoft missed on this one . I had been using MS Money for the last 10 years or so and have purchased upgrades as they came out . This one may be the last . I do not like having to set up with MSN live simply to install the program . I just wanted to balance my check book and track budget items . MS needs to go back to the drawing board on this one .
 I have been using this program for five years now and I 'm finally going to switch to Quicken . The ` Invoice Designer ' is a total waste of time ... it just has n't worked for years and Microsoft will do NOTHING to get it to work . This is the unwanted step child of Microsoft , so please do n't waist your time !
 Too many advertisements and I found it hard to use . Went back to version 2004 .
 Ugly , plain not working , can not believe MS would release something with this level of quality . So totally not working . Lots of MS ad here and there , can not even do a balance sheet right . This thing is so fragmented it can not do one thing right . Avoid .
 Not much of an update from Money 2005 , that I was using before . Great price at Amazon though .
 I needed this version to assist my parents with their finances . However , I did not realize that Microsoft Money no longer existed and there is no support for it anymore . It says it requires an update to run that is no longer available . After several hours of trying to find an update online somewhere I finally found a way around it , but I would not buy Microsoft Money unless you absolutely need that product .
 When importing my financial statements , Money requests that I click ` yes ' for each transaction . I am importing transactions for the last 6 years . I 'll need to click ` yes ' thousands of times . The people who have designed this piece of software obviously never used it in real life .
 Very complicated to use . Hard to store and retreive data . Would n't recommend it .
 Microsoft does it again . One year of repackaging and nothing to show its customers . I gave this software one star just for the extra eyewash they added to program and their generosity in giving us a 90-day trial . Other than that -- you 'll have to take the time and experiment with the trail version . I 've been using MS Money for a long time and have to tell you that I 'm very disappointed with version 2007 . I compared my current version -LRB- 2003 -RRB- with this trial version and have to tell you that the bulk of the changes came in the form of the way it looks on screen and how you move around the screens to get to those same old features . It does have some real fancy repackaged graphics but the real stuff underneath has not changed at all . I did notice that it takes longer for the program to update its screens once you have entered a couple of transactions . I do n't know if it 's me because of the 6 + years of data in it . One thing I can say is that some of the same flaws are still present with this version as with version 2003 . One example -- I noticed that when I used the debt reduction planner to track two charge cards -- it added a monthly bill/transaction to my bills summary . Up to this point , we 're ok . But when I go in and tell it where to get the money from to pay the bill -LRB- i.e. , checking account -RRB- , things go down hill from there . The two transactions are not visible when you view the cash flow forecast for your checking account . That means that when you view the graph for your projected cash flow -- it 's does n't give you an accurate picture of your projected cash flow . Additionally , when you go to both credit card accounts , the charts do n't show the balance going down as a result of the projected payments . That 's even after you set the interest rate for the credit cards to zero . That really bothers me , because the graphs do n't clearly illustrate what the cash flow actually looks like for the next 6-12 months and it should especially if you 're using a checking account to pay off your debits . I 've pretty much had to disable the planner to get all the transactions to show up on my checking account . Another inconsistency has to do with tracking Mortgage/Car Loan using the debt reduction planner . I have yet to figure out why the planner continues to show amounts for setting up recurring debt payments that are not consistent with what I pay on a monthly basis -LRB- $ 1300 for Mortgage / $ 400 for auto -RRB- . Instead . it shows $ 3966.00 for mortgage and $ 5101.89 for auto . Nowhere else are these figures visible in the program . I have this same issue with my 2003 and ca n't figure out where the problem is . Fortunately , I do n't have this problem with Quicken 2006 . Another issue -- try finding a good manual to help you set up MS Money -- you 'll have a tough time finding one . At least there 's a good selection of books you can get for Quicken 2006 . The only thing you 'll find for MS Money -LRB- if you 're lucky -RRB- is Money for Dummies . That should tell you something about Microsoft 's commitment to helping it 's customers discover the power of this software . I would strongly recommend you take advantage of the 90-day trial MS gives you to test this piece of software . If you 're a beginner , you 'll find it to be an easy piece of software to use , but you wo n't realize its data accuracy until you input at least 12 months of information -LRB- i.e. , loans , credit cards , etc. -RRB- . I would seriously look at Quicken , because they have more to offer if you 're willing to really read the books that are available for the product . I really do n't use the software to download tractions from my bank like many people do so it allows me to use the product a couple more years . The electronic downloading of transactions to Money expires after a year or two . I pretty much download the statements and reconcile my accounts manually using money and Quicken . I do use money to keep track of my mutual funds and it seems to do a good job . I have n't had to upgrade my 2003 version for that -- yet . Quicken still seems to be ahead of Money by a few steps . At least Quicken allows me to save copies of my cancelled checks in the checking register . That is a real neat feature . I think I 'll still retain my old version of Money and look at Quicken as a more permanent solution . The one example -LRB- debit reduction planner -RRB- I decided to use was very basic , because that is one I feel most people would use from this package . If MS could n't get that right in the past three versions -- what makes us think that everything else will run smoothly ? Do n't let the fancy graphics steer you in the wrong direction . Some people might tell you that you should n't compare this software to Quicken , but I 've never seen Microsoft push out software updates/patches on any of its versions of Money . At least since I 've had Quicken 2006 , I 've noticed two . Keep that in mind when you decide , because you 'll have to wait for each new version of Money to come out before you can determine if they fixed that bug or not . Good Luck . ************ 5 Oct 06 Update ****************** I just found out after a couple of days of testing that Money 2007 has a difficult time importing backup files from previous versions of Money . It seems that it tends to have problems reading buget information from older versions . When I used my 2004 backup files , the spending tracker/monitor stopped working . Whatever detail you had in your buget was gone and you had to recreate it using a more basic budget feature in Money . That means you have to group all your expenses -LRB- that occur monthly , quarterly or yearly -RRB- into one line item . That stinks if you want to exactly know where every dollar is going . MS techs will convince you that you have a bad database file on your end but they 're file repair tools tell a different story . You might want to make sure that your budget information as well as you spending tracker are working before you changeover to 2007 . Once you 've done it -- you ca n't go back to the older version unless you 've backed up the files for that old version .
 I get these annoying messages to upgrade my Money 2004 , so I come here to check out Quicken and Money 's latest offering . Neither of these products are well loved . Both products get bad reviews here . Is the sampling biased ? Are those of us who are updset and disappointed the only ones to write?My solution , I 've been disappointed with both products and I 'm ready to give up on both these products . Why spend the money when both companies put out software with annoying upgrade prompts and features that expire . I 'm really irked that Microsoft would expire my ability to talk to my bank 's servers , as if this was part of MSN.I 'm done . I 'm going to stick with my current version and use the reports available from my banks to track my portfolios . It 's not good to look at the portfolios too often anyway . I wo n't mention names , but I will say that I 'm using an on-line discount brokerage house , and their website is wonderful . Why pay to run this on my computer with only 2 offerings like Money and Quicken to choose between . Is there another software company out there who can do better ?
 I upgraded to MS Money 2007 from MS Money 2004 . The look has changed but I ca n't find any improved functionality . It is harder to get to and find certain features unless they are added to a customized short-cut bar.And the bugs ... I have problems and error messages that I have never encountered before - mainly in getting online updates . Every time I start 2007 it says I need to download updates . When I try to download updates it gives an error message to the effect that security software may be interfering with the download . I got the same message when I de-activated the security suite and after I uninstalled it . With no firewall -LRB- not even Windows ' firewall -RRB- , no virusscan , and no spyware even installed on the machine Money 2007 says it can not download updates and suggests that the security software may be a problem.If I start Money 2007 and close it , I can not open it again without re-booting the machine . It gives me an error message that it is already running.About 1/2 the time that I try to download credit card activity I receive an error message on one or more accounts that it can not connect.Reports that worked fine in 2004 are not performing calculations the way they did in 2004 . My Net Worth report is no longer date specific . In 2007 it is reporting as if it were Account List . As far as I can tell , it is set to report account balances as of todays date and not include future posted activity . -LRB- I am updating this due to a new bug that I only noticed today , Aug. 19 , 2007 -RRB- The Performance by Investment Report is now calculating from balances that do not tie back to actual activity . It has added amounts to low risk investments -LRB- Money Markets & Capital Preservation -RRB- so that those investments are now showing losses in the 40 to 75 % range . When I pulled the transactions to verify those balances , they are not there . The transactions tie back to the more reasonble 2 - 5 % gains those investments have really earned . This is just wierd.I never had any of the above problems with Money 2004 . In fact , I ca n't recall any persistently annoying bugs .
 Years ago , I was using the MSN online Portfolio Manager to keep track of my brokerage accounts , stocks etc. . And what a pleasure that program was ! Just amazing , so intuitive , so not Microsoft like . You could not dream of a better software for the purposes of portfolio management . Click and you can download transactions directly from the broker . Click and you can calculate returns , click and you have fundamental info about a stock.Then , suddenly , the full capability program with direct downloads disappeared and a simpler , more clunky version appeared on MSN money instead.After , a lot of emails , I learned , that Microsoft would be incorporating this capability in its Money program and would no longer give it away free . Thats understandable . Something so wonderful , people are willing to pay.So I bought Money 2005 . I tried to set up some investment accounts . I was shocked to see how the version of the portfolio manager in the program was so much harder . In fact it was so hard , that I just gave up.I waited for Money 2006 , hoping that the portfolio Manager would have been improved . Nope ! It was worse . Someone was busy butchering the program.Then came Money 2007 , I was again hopeful . Bought the program with high hopes . Nope , this version is just as bad , if not worse . I manage to connect to the broker but only got some tranactions . The shown amount were all wrong . The program kept changing my accounts to what it remembered from years back of my old online portfolio on its servers . Why it should think automatically that I want to keep all my information on its servers , was crazy . Setting up of accounts nad then again online set up is strange and prone to mistakes . Since you have to log-on , the whole thing feel more like a web based program that a real program.I think three time is the curse and I am will not buy this program again . I am done . It is lousy .
 I upgraded from Money 2003 to Money 2007 thinking there would be ` somethhing ' new or useful . I was wrong . Come on Microsoft . Four years with nothing I can use or new ? I do like the new webpage look though . One star for the program and one for the new webpage-style look . Hope four years from now brings something useful .
 Money 2007 is another step backwards for MS Money , offering no useful new features and removing a few useful ones -LRB- at least compared to Money 2003 , the last version I used -RRB- . As others have noted , the online `` updates '' in Money now disable several of the online features -LRB- including the ability to download quotes and account statements over the net -RRB- two years after you install the product , forcing you to upgrade every two years if you want to use the online features . In other words , MS is essentially selling you a two-year license for the online features . At least now MS warns you of this fact when you install Money 2007 -LRB- right before you are forced to accept the license agreement -RRB- . There was no such warning in Money 2003 , but MS went ahead and disabled the online features anyway , likely subjecting itself to a class-action lawsuit from disgruntled users.Having used Money for about nine years , I 'm not sure there is a better alternative , but I will definitely investigate other options when my two-year license expires in ' 09 .
 I was very happy with Money 2004 but upgraded because of the 2 year timeout on some of the services . In 2007 , they 've made the Quantity and Total Cost fields required on recurring investments . So now if you 're tracking your 401k or any investment where you 're doing fixed amounts you have to put junk data in there and then deleted when it auto calculates the actual values each month which is always frustrating because if you do n't do it in the right order it goes back and fills in fields you just cleared.Other than that , no noticeable difference between it and the older versions except they rearranged everything.This is basic buy cost averaging investing 101 done by anyone with a 401k or monthly investment regiment . I do n't know how they could have messed this up , but they did .
 It just does n't work and Microsoft has turned a deaf ear to the issue . Read the reviews and check out the message boards on the Microsoft site before you waste your time with this product .
 Microsoft just crippled my copy of Money 2003 . It is no longer supported so I can not use the online functions . The solution , offered by Microsoft is to buy Money 2007 which will convert your older files . IT DOES N'T WORK . The Money 2003 files are not completely converted to Money 2007 . Save your money and stay with a cripled Money 2003 . Maybe it 's time to think about Quicken !
 I upgraded from MS Money 2006 due to a bug that affected the way investment transactions are tracked . Credits into the cash account kept being reported as debits , and vice-versa . I would manually correct these downloaded transactions , only to have them re-appear next time I opened MS Money 2006 . Sadly , MS Money 2007 Deluxe seems little improved , if at all . While the above described bug has been fixed , new bugs are now present . Further , MS Money 2007 no longer integrates with MSN Money online ; hence , all the portfolio data for investments must either be entered manually into MSN Money 's online portfolio feature , or one simply accepts that the portfolio can only be accessed and maintained with MS Money 2007 on one 's home computer . No more remote tracking of one 's investment portfolio!In all , it is not worth upgrading to MS Money 2007 in my opinion .
 This is good for folks who have lotsa finance things to do . It is NOT good for someone like myself who just wants to keep simple accurate records . I do n't wan na be prompted to go for the glitz each time I open the program . I wish I never bought it . Len Norris , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this product and it continually gives me an error message and shuts down . I read on the internet that this was caused by not having a microsoft mouse so , I purchased a Microsoft Mouse and it still is giveing me the same error message . I would not recommend this product .
 I have transitioned from Money-2004 to 2007 premium . I agree with most of the viewers comments here . I give only one star for this product.Functional flaws are there not only at the debt reduction planner , even mortgage interest reports for the end of the year tax return will not be correct if you dont do it in specific way.NOT HAVING ABILITY TO ATTACH A CASHED CHECK OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION STATEMENT IS A MAJOR DRAWBACKOF THE SYSTEM AS I HAVE TO KEEP THEM MANUALLY ORGANIZED IN MY PERSONAL FOLDERS.IT is a WASTE OF MONEY in my opinion to buy this if you have any older version and dont care damn about the look and feel .
 So I load this program and set it up to download from my bank . It pulls all my data from 8/05 down , and displays it . Except it does not have the detail that my online bank records -LRB- like labeling where I used the my debit card -RRB- Anyway the next thing I know I can only see the current month transactions even though I have show all listed.On my credit card it shows the correct balance , but does not show any transactions past 1/23 -LRB- today is 2/17 -RRB- There might be a way to make this program behave , but I do n't know how to do it . It comes with little to no written documentation.I am very unhappy with this program .
 I agreed 100 % with the previous reviewer ... I ca n't really tell what the changes are between the 2006 version which I am currently using , and the 2007 version that I 've been using on a trial basis for about two weeks now ... Microsoft claims that Money 2007 have an enhanced budget compare to money 2006 , I have yet to find it ... Save your money ...
 This product forces you to allow Money to access a Windows Live ID account on the Internet with the option to create one . My question is is why does my it have to go online ? There is no option to disable this , if you try to block it using a firewall the program will stop running , crashing essentially . My finances are my personal business , WHY microsoft programs `` Money '' to be an online thing is a VERY BIG DEAL to me and VERY QUESTIONABLE .
 As a longtime user of Microsoft Money 2001 I will now be switching reluctantly to Quicken . Why ? Because MS Money failed to download all my transactions from the bank , leading to a completely false balance , and its reports are slow and sometimes do not want to appear at all.I am amazed that Microsoft should fall short over such a relatively simple product , and one that has been around for so long.I can only hope that Quicken is better !
 Well , 2007 fixes the CPU sucking problems of 2006 with a new `` nuke all recurring bills and start over '' option
 My best rating for Microsoft Money Deluxe is it is pure JUNK . Do n't was your money . If it works at all , trust , it is not with Microsoft Vista . A class action law suit sounds in order for this GARBAGE .
 It gets hung up when I try and shut down my computer -LRB- background banking ... whatever that is -RRB- . It does n't have the express window which I used so often . I felt it was necessary since I did not get updates anymore for my Money 2000 . This is not nearly as good a product , or as stable .
 I am a seasoned user of `` Microsoft Money '' since 2001 and used Money-2003 , 2004 , 2006 and 2007 versions . On the subject of convenience and integration of multiple financial activities , Money -LRB- and for that matter even Quicken -RRB- does a fantastic job.However , with 4-5 years of usage of ` Money ' , my money file has grown to nearly 19MB . Due to the large file size , I am getting pathetic performance which is quite annoying . I have a laptop with 2.4 GHz dual core CPU and 1GB RAM , however very basic activity such as looking at monthly report , budget report etc. takes 2-3 minutes to display on the screen ! Even if I retry , it once again hangs for 2-4 minutes . I will be lucky if I could get ` any ' operation finished faster then 5 seconds/transaction . The problem is n't with specific version but the way Money is designed to store its information . There were some discussion on improving performance by using money data on Database but Microsoft chose not to invest money on any such design change.Another annoying thing I observed with Microsoft Money is with every newer release one will get fancier but more BUGGY software . So far I found ' 2004 ' release best in the bunch but once you upgrade the version and make new entries it is not feasible to go back to earlier version.Let me give you an example that will explain the problem . Most common activity a user will have is it to download data from financial institutes . Money will connect to these institutes and get the data . It will turn back in 2-3 minutes with newer data and shows status ` done ' . On the `` Account List '' you will see , for example , 5 new transaction and when you inside this account , there is no new transaction listed ! Reason is , though you got ` done ' status data has n't finished downloading . After 2-3 minutes you will get the data in the account . When you see the transactions , you wo n't be able to ` accept ' them as it is waiting on ` something ' ! In short , after getting data downloaded from the institute , you wo n't be able to ` accept ' them for nearly 3-4 minutes . I am surprised to find that Microsoft is selling software w/o testing such basic functionality ! NOTE : I noticed above mentioned bug only in 2007 release.I wish to have a better software for my need w/o losing existing data but Microsoft has n't offered better -LRB- not just newer -RRB- version yet . Quicken seems to have similar issues . Quicken does n't allow any migration facility to use existing Money files under their software . Once again , I can just wish that Microsoft Money 2008 comes with higher performance and basic testing.If you are a first time user , prefer to compare both Money and Quicken for yourself before locking your data with one of the them . With ` Money ' , once your file grows larger , performance deteriorate significantly.One last point -- even with above limitations , I am better off using this software then not having it at all . Here I jotted down major limitations of Money ; Microsoft does good job of marketing good points so I wo n't spare much time on that .
 I have been a Microsoft Money user for many , many years . -LRB- Going back to Money ' 98 ? I forget . -RRB- I reluctantly upgraded to Money 2007 Premium earlier this year from Money 2004 when I read somewhere that Money 2004 was no longer going to be supported . -LRB- I also read that Money 2005 , Money 2006 , and Money 2007 had issues . Hence my reluctance to upgrade . -RRB- For years , I have sync ` ed Money with my online accounts on nearly a daily basis . I 'm that kind of focused on keeping my eye on my money , and Money has historically served me very well in this habit . Money 2007 does not.Since installing it , I have :1 -RRB- Battled with my prior bank for nearly two months to get them to figure out by Money 2007 does not synchronize with their systems .2 -RRB- Installed and reinstalled Money 2007 on several different workstations to test the synchronization issue with my years-old Money file and new , empty Money files . Always fails .3 -RRB- Now I have * switched banks * thinking the syncing issue was my bank 's fault . It was n't . It 's Microsoft Money 's fault.Syncing fails * every * time with a helpful OBRES 22063 error . Oh , yea , thatone ! We all know just what that is.I have read every Microsoft knowledge base article I can find . I have perused public.microsoft.money and other usenet groups . I have Googled . I have read blogs . The only thing I find is that lots of people have this problem with lots of different financial institutions , and Microsoft is doing nothing about itIn Money 2004 , this worked flawlessly nearly every time . Why did itbreak ?!?!! So if you 're looking to have Money synchronize with your accounts online , look elsewhere . But if you 're all about putting everything in manually , this product will serve you just fine.Buy a copy of Quicken instead !
 Having bashed my head against the Microsoft Money wall across 5 different versions over the last six years , I 'd like to recommend to everyone in Amazonland that you * do not * purchase this software . From the innumerable bugs , to the backwards incompatibility , to the bad customer support and confusing interface ... I assure you your time will be better spent using Quicken , www.yodlee.com , or Microsoft Excel to do your finances . This product line is , quite simply , crappy . If only I could bill Microsoft for the hundreds of wasted hours I 've spent trying to feed information into this software , only to output hundreds of colorful charts whose data I do n't trust . Now , for a 2005 tax audit , I 've found that my old . mny file is unloadable in not only the new , but all old versions of the software ! It is the capstone to what has universally been a bad experience . Steer away .
 I had been using Money 2003 and decided to upgrade . There was n't any pressing need , but upgrading once every four years is n't bad . I was hoping there were some significant additional features or improvement . I 've been using it for approx a month and it does n't appear that there were any . - They did allow customization of your home page , but it only allow 2 columns . - I did n't both using the new budget tool as I want to track more than just the essentials.One very annoying thing : When I uninstalled Money 2003 , it broke my Money 2007 installation . Money 2007 complained that it could n't find its registration . I had to uninstall Money 2007 and then reinstall it again.Note to Microsoft
 I bought this product with high hopes . Had an earlier version 2001 which worked fine except Fidelity would not support downloads to old msmoney and so the switch . First my old Money files were preserved but downloads could not communicate with the older version . So with the help of Customer support , renamed the old files and downloaded fresh downloads from Fidelity . . but this was only a one time event . The next time i.e. today , I tried to update my files . . and a download error prevented me again and again . Then I called Customer service , and was connected to someone in Bangalore , India . . I gave them my Case number which was still open , and they connected me to the router department . The man was apologetic and said he was going to connect me to the right department . Nothing happened for next 10 minutes , so I hung up and called again . This time again I was connected to someone in Bangalore , India , who redirected me to some recording . . I again waited 10 minutes and called again . This process repeated 4 times and I wasted over an hour on phone , with zilch results and lot of frustration.My advice to one and all . . KEEP AWAY FROM THIS JUNK.AT LEAST THIS PRODUCT FROM MICROSOFT , STINKS , STINKS & STIKS.G.SharmaMichigan , USA
 If you have Vista installed , do n't bother buying Money 2007 . When you try to log in with your Windows ID -LRB- required to get bank and credit card downloads -RRB- , you get an error saying that your password was n't recognized . Microsoft realizes this is a problem and if you go to their online help center , they have a fix for it . Actually 11 different fixes . You start with Method 1 , go through all the required steps , then try Money . If Money still does n't log on to Windows ID , then go to Method 2 and on and on and on until you get to Method 11 . This takes several un-installs , several new installs , lots of searches for hidden files that you need to delete , and lots of restarts . You will spend hours of your time trying to install a computer program . After Method 11 , I still could n't log in -LRB- but my installation on my Windows XP computer works fine -RRB- . Microsoft Money 2007 with Vista is junk . Do n't waste your time or money until they can come up with a fix .
 Microsoft Money 2007 do n't waste you time . The product has some nice features and the feel of more reliable products such as MS Excel and MS Word however there are numerous instabilities with the product . I tried MS Money 2007 Deluxe . The application frequently stalls , it will not reopen files it has created and Money 's file repair features do not work . It sometimes asks for the same updates to its software , and many times it will not close properly . Money 's customer support does not appear to have the necessary tools to resolve these product issues . I have personally reloaded Money Deluxe 4 times on advice of MS Money 's customer support and created nearly a dozen new files because the previous Money files failed to open for some unknown reason . The software has too many bugs .
 If you want to upgrade and continue to use Money on your Pocket PC , do n't bother . This new version does not support Pocket PC 's . Would be useful information for MS to include on their product description since that 's a rather important change ! Ca n't figure out why they 've cut this off since they also write the software for Windows Mobile .
 When I attempted to upgrade my Money 2004 Deluxe with this money 2007 Deluxe from Amazon , it would not install as it said I was using features in the existing software -LRB- 2004 -RRB- that could be used only if I UPGRADED to money 2007 PREMIUM.In calling Microsoft , they said the product number of the software from Amazon was not the same as the one they sell - so , obviously a a slimmed down version.If I could return this for a credit , I would , but usually , vendors wo n't take back opened software . I 'm extremely dissatisfied as I WASTED a $ 30 credit coming to me and have a completely useless product.I wo n't be in any hurry to purchase anything more from Amazon , if anything at all .
 In short you can describe the software as `` old wine in new bottle '' . There is absolutely no new feature except some good graphics that may please people who bought new LCD monitors rather than those who are serious about their money . How ironic that Microsoft expects you to spend money on a recycled software to manage money.I guess Microsoft thinks that if they increment their version number to the next year -LRB- just like US car manufacturers do -RRB- , people may buy it thinking that they are ahead of the game . That 's why they keep releasing new titles with the version number of next year though their software is year behind compared to other products.If you have Money 2003 or older , do n't buy this package
 I bought Money 2007 to convert off of Quicken 2005 . I did this as a protest for Intuit not allowing for the export and import of data files.Anyway , I use Money strictly for tracking investments . I have found this product to only work for VERY basic investment transactions . I have also found that many transactions that Money actually provides a shortcut link to perform cause the application to fail . Stock splits are not handled correctly . Stock spin offs are not handled correctly . If you use these transactions , you will spend a considerable amount of time working in the registers to get your accounts to balance out . You would be much better off just inventing your own methodolgy to handle these types of transactions.The program is very slow and there are a host of minor bugs . The reporting for investments is very limited and the customizations that are allowed are quite limited.All of these problems discussed have been reported to Microsoft , but the email I received stated that no fixes for any of these issues would be forthcoming.In short , if you are tracking investments , I think you would be happier looking elsewhere .
 WARNING IF YOU DOWNLOAD MONEY PLUS FREE TRIAL AND USE IT , THIS PROGRAM WILL NOT WORK FOR YOU . WE PURCHASED A NEW COMPUTER -LRB- VISTA -RRB- AND DOWNLOADED THE FREE TRIAL WITHOUT A PROBLEM , I THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A GOOD DEAL ON THIS SOFTWARE FROM AMAZON HOWEVER IT WILL NOT INSTALL . MICROSOFT SUPPORT TOLD ME THAT MONEY PLUS TRIAL IS A 2008 VERSION AND WILL NOT ACCEPT THIS PROGRAM BECAUSE IT IS OLDER . NOW I HAVE TO TRY TO RETURN IT TO MICROSOFT BECAUSE IT IS OPEN .
 I have worked with earlier versions of Money , but 2007 is frustratingly slow , especially when using bills and matching bank items to bills . I am not sure that I will continue using it .
 This has to be the worse software that I have ever purchased . . I downloaded the cd and went thru most of it , I did n't want to go online with Money , and tried to find out how I could by-pass that entry and each time I clicked the not load button I was kicked off and went back to my desktop.I wish I had never seen this much less bought it .
 I bought and installed Microsoft Money 2007 Deluxe . It installed fine with no errors . When I launch the program , it launches fine but when I go to run the reports , they do n't work . I tried uninstaling and re-installing several times and no luck.I will return for a refund . I do n't have time to waste calling them to find out why their product does not work on a brand new computer.Very dissapointed since I have been using Money since 99 . I will now switch to Quicken .
 The combination of labels and applicator is really foolproof - it just works . But the afterburner labels do not seem to be an official Avery product -LRB- could not find generic templates on the website , the product number is unknown , etc -RRB- , so in practice you 're tied to the included Click 'N' Design software -- which is slow , clumsy and buggy.If Avery would fully support the labels -LRB- outside of the `` afterburner '' ghetto -RRB- , the product would earn four stars . -LRB- If they would replace the horrible software , it would get five . -RRB-
 This product only for windows . I bought this because I tought fit with my Mac . So if you have Mac do n't buy this product bcoz it gon na be useless
 The mechanics -LRB- label application device etc. -RRB- of this system are fine . The software is horrible ! It is without a doubt the worst I have ever had the misfortune to have purchased . Difficult , if not impossible to `` make it do '' what I want . Simply adding text where you want is a rediculous chore . Do n't buy it . If someone offers it for free , refuse.Honestly , this one is bad !
 I was incredibly excited to upgrade to Quark 7.0 from 4.01 earlier this year . I had n't had such a major upgrade for such a long time because frankly , Quark 4 did everything I needed it too . But I upgraded my computer to the newest dual processor Intel Mac mini and with that my ability to use Quark 4 died . I was n't thrilled about shelling out the dough for the program but it was necessary if I was going to do page layout projects for my clients.Well when I finally received the packaged and installed it I was rarin to go and try out how great this new version of Quark would be . I am in a word , disappointed . The other reviewer has said this program is a bit buggy but underscored it by saying what sort of complex program is not buggy . Well , I 'll agree with that to an extent , but this program is incredibly buggy and I am not content to just say `` oh well , it 's a complicated program '' and forgive Quark for it . If you plan to sit down for any length of time with this program and do work that you indeed would like to keep I suggest you save OFTEN and by often I mean probably every 5 to 10 minutes to avoid having work lost . I have not even utilized the new features yet and still I am encountering frequent crashes . The computer I am running is a Mac Mini 1.66 GHz Intel Core Duo with 2 Gigs of ram and using the most up to date version of OSX -LRB- 10.4 -RRB- so I would hope that the specs are good enough for the program to work seamlessly . Unfortunately this is far from the case.There is one thing that I will give Quark , they offer free tech support and for that I am grateful , because it is necessary . I have utilized the help line numerous times already and while I hate having to call , I am glad I am able to when I need help fixing what should n't be broken in the first place . Unfortunately , even the tech support people do n't seem to know how to fix your problem some of the time . I had problems with Quark not being able to auto-image a TIF I was using and I called tech support to find out what I was doing wrong . The guy told me that they know that runarounds may not work when you are using hyphenated text . Well , I 'm no programmer , but I would think that a page layout program should be work with every type of character that exists on the keyboard . I was n't able to fix the problem by eliminating the hyphens so then after some time , the guy , exasperated , told me to take care of my clipping paths in Photoshop and then import them into Quark because apparently Quark could n't produce its own clipping path for some inexplicable reason . Not really stellar performance in my opinion if the way to get a feature to work is using a work around that essentially ignores the purpose of the feature in Quark . Thank god for Photoshop in this case ! I also could not create a library without crashing the program despite repeated attempts to . Should be relatively simple to do ... afterall , I had no problems doing that with version 4 ! Other things make the program crash , such as copying and pasting , moving items around , and just about anything else you can imagine . It 's a wonder to me that This version of Quark saw the light of day , it seems very rushed to market in order to get a version that is supposed to work with the intel Macs . If I had the choice I would dump Quark and go to InDesign , unfortunately one of my clients demands Quark since that 's what they use . If Quark does n't issue some patches and fast I will be surprised if they continue to keep any substantial market share . This program is buggy in a way I have never seen before.Avoid if you can , if you ca n't then buckle your seatbelt and keep a packet of Tums handy , you 'll need them .
 I 've been a loyal Quark user since v. 1 . Like Andy Marks , I upgraded from an older program -LRB- 5 in my case -RRB- . That thing , like all previous versions I 'd used , was rock solid , unbreakable . But I have had no end of problems with v. 7 -- and 7.01 , 7.02 , 7.1 and 7.2 . Though crashes are frequent , many come completely out of the blue , randomly and inexplicably . However , I have had repeated and more predictable problems with `` legacy '' documents , things created in much older versions of the program . Does n't matter that I 've saved in 5 ; some files just crash the damn program . Exporting from 7 back to 6 -LRB- it 's no longer a Save As -RRB- causes frequent crashes , and the exports are not reliable either . I have had much contact with Quark tech support -- they have been most accommodating , and are no doubt more upset with the engineers than I am.Perhaps some of the blame can go to Apple for making people write complicated progams for their Intel platform . However , some apps -LRB- Acrobat comes to mind -RRB- are robust and speedy as Gonzales . Alas , Quark is the program with which I earn my living . InDesign is supposed to be able to open Quark files , but not in my experience ; otherwise I might just defect , though I have no abiding love for Adobe either.It 's not pretty here in Mac/Quark 7 Land ...
 returned product because it was difficult for me to use and not what I wanted . Returning the product to company was easy . I would do business with them again if they had a product I want .
 Does not print maps , only text directions . These inadequate ; for example , you are directed to `` turn left on ramp '' as if all exits from interstates , controlled-access highways , etc are a turn in the direction of your next street . No exit numbers or direction of right or left ramp , etc. . Two discs were included , no explanation . Onscreen labels and filenames read `` Talking Travel Map , '' no relation to what 's on box . The reading-aloud option does not pronounce words , only spells letter by letter . The help and inernet link send you only to an advertisement for purchasing similar products called Street Wizard . Seems a generic beta-version of something , not sure how it got marketed in this form because it is a huge step back from carrying an atlas in the front seat , or just telling someone directions on the phone . I just could not find anything useful about this at all . Zero stars not available .
 Bryce is one of the most difficult and daunting 3D programs I 've ever used . It 's interface is non-intuitive and a bit long in the tooth and it 's rendering engine slow . Landscapes created with it have a distinctive `` Bryce '' look and do n't achieve the level of realism that a program like Vue 6 can offer . Content import is iffy at best , textures have to be tweated to get them to look right , it is also prone to crashes . Do n't get me wrong , I 've seen some beautiful work done with Bryce , but if you want a better , more intuitive landscaping software buy a version of Vue 6 instead . The only downside with Vue is that it requires heafty system resources . If your computer is not the most up to date without a ton of ram , Bryce may work better than you . It also has the ability to import Poser Figures , but the process is easier in Vue .
 I was disappointed in the phonics part of this software . It is very basic , no frills what-so-ever , more inline with what you might have expected software to be like 10-12 years ago.I would n't recommend it , even at the $ 5 price.As for the `` 225 Winning Educational Programs Twin Pak '' , do n't waste your time . It 's a compilation of trial versions of more lame software .
 This software seems like something a student that is working on software programming would create . Very boring and I hate I wasted $ 5.00 on it . Very generic and too basic especially for children today , they need attention getters and excitement , this software definitely does n't provide that .
 It was not exactly what I wanted but it did give me some extra fonts that I liked .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I thought installation problems only happened to other people , not to me . The program crashes upon installation ! It is a waste of time trying to fix it and a big hassle . Repeat
 What is this?As a user of the 2004 version , I was prepared to buy , only to go to the Taxcut.com and find out that there is no version for the MAC OS . Very unhappy ! : - -LRB-
 I 've used TaxCut for the past two years and been happy with it . But now I am VERY unhappy that they have dropped their Macintosh version . I do n't know what I 'm going to do this year , -LSB- ... -RSB- . I 'm very disappointed in TaxCut for abandoning their Macintosh customers .
 I have been using TaxCut for the last three years without trouble . This time I had a problem with installation on Windows XP . It is similar to a problem reported by another user here : The installation fails EVERY single time on the same spot -LRB- at 21 % - C : \ Program Files \ TaxCut05 \ help \ Us \ mmvdpro.swf -RRB- . I am not going to call them after hearing about the long wait times calling cutomer service . I will exchange the CD once , and if it fails again , I am switching to TurboTax .
 I have used both Tax Cut and Turbo Tax at various times over the last several years , and generally find them to be about equivalent . Since Tax Cut shipped with `` Deduction Pro '' , I thought it might be worth tracking charitable contributions in DP and importing them to Tax Cut . This was disastrous
 TAXCUT DELUXE+STATE 2005 BEWARE ! There are many having install problems . I did get it installed and the updates do n't work . I use online customer support and they tell me to go to the online site and manually install them . I do and they will not download from the site to install . I check some and find out many others having the same problems . Hmmmm ?! I check the FAQ 's . No help . I call and call and call and wait and wait -- yeah you get the idea , so without ever getting hold of Tech support on the telephone I return the software for a refund and use Turbo Tax online . I have enough problems with doing taxes I do not need this pain .
 I ca n't believe I called Online Ordering and was transfered to Tech Support . . 4.5 hours on hold only to be told that Online Ordering dept can give you the key ... transfered back . . Online Ordering tells me there is no key for the downloaded version , transfer me back to tech support ... they spent time -LRB- acted as if they did n't know about this issue , I know better after reading these reviews -RRB- They gave say they are giving me a refund and I should buy at the store . Not me . . looks like I will be using another product . They lost a long term customer here . .
 I purchased Tax Cut Delux and started using it by uploading last year 's Turbo Tax data . Tax Cut made several entries in error during the upload . I tried for a couple of hours to remove the errors and either the ` delete ' function was grayed out or did not work . I returned it for partial credit and bought Turbo Tax . PS
 I have to agree with Diogenes `` tlhm '' 's summary
 Before you put your personal information in jeopardy , read the privacy statement . It outlines the vast amount of personal information collected by Block which is not limited to all the information in your return -LRB- including all of your checking , debit and credit card numbers , income , assets etc. -RRB- , but gives Block permission to access information from your credit reports and the IRS . Are they really selling tax preparaton software or are you buying spyware ? Read the Privacy Statement and decide for yourself .
 After installing the Federal and one free State -LRB- Illinois -RRB- , it wo n't let me prepare nor print a State return unless I get a valid unlock code , which would require a separate purchase.Online e-mail help has not responded in the promised 48 hours , -LRB- 4 + days , no contact -RRB- and online chat person did not understand simple English - he kept asking whether I have a CD -LRB- I bought it at an office supply store -RRB- , and he told me I have the option to install a state of my choice . He escalated the help request to a higher level , but they never got back to me.Also , this does not let you preview your tax return before you print . You can only preview your entries , which I do n't like.I returned by product to the store for a refund , and bought the Federal-only standard version -LSB- ... -RSB- . So I saved -LSB- ... -RSB- and can use the -LSB- ... -RSB- e-file form on the Illinois.gov website for my much simpler state return .
 After three failed attempts -LRB- two on my local drive , one on my removable hard drive , all with the same result -RRB- I have decided to return the TaxCut Premier version I purchased today . The box says they have a `` 100 % satisfaction '' guarantee and since the lousy product stalls EVERY single time on the same spot -LRB- at 21 % - C : \ Program Files \ TaxCut05 \ help \ Us \ mmvdpro.swf -RRB- , I am not wasting any more time trying to get a program to run that will prepare my taxes -- something that I do n't even want to do in the FIRST place !! Ugh ... Now I have to give TurboTax another try . Guess I should have known that the inferior cost reflects the inferior product ! DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE !
 Filed my taxes in February with TaxCut Deluxe . Just got my state tax return sent back to me saying that I had failed to fill out large chunks of my tax return . When I examined what TaxCut had filled out , it left out complete columns . When I started to do the tax return by hand , it became clear that TaxCut failed not only fill things out , but also filled out parts of the form incorrectly . It got the standard deduction wrong -LRB- to the tune of 2 grand -RRB- . `` Customer Support '' was what I have grown to expect with companies . Completely non-responsive . When I had problems with the program earlier I was told that I could expect all fixes to come in the future . The program told me that I could e-file my state tax return , but when I tried to do it , I was told that I could not . I contacted customer support and they said I could return it for a refund IF I still had the original box and receipt -LRB- this for a program I bought in January -RRB- .
 . . This is a piece of junk . I do n't have a particularly complicated return and yet half the time Taxcut wants me to enter manual calculations . Then afterr submitting the forms to IRS , it gets rejected because the stupid program ca n't copy one nunmber from one line to another ... forcing me to manually override it , put the number in , and then having to file a paper return -LRB- DO NOT USE THIS GARBAGE SOFTWARE IF YOU HAVE A FORM 8801 -RRB- . I detest Turbotax , but it 's lightyears ahead of this ... I 've learnt my lesson , next year TuboTax and the programmers who wrote TaxCut should get carpel tunnel syndrome !
 Taxcut 2005 crashes when entering data on some forms . Yes . Microsoft Crash analysis reports
 I moved this year and bought this in anticipation of having a confusing time with my taxes . This software has made the entire process so much more STRESSFUL . The federal taxes were easy , but state taxes were quite confusing.After tireless research on my state government 's website to find answers the software did n't explain I slowly made progress . I 'm still not 100 % sure if I did it right . What is really upsetting is that I live a very uncomplicated life this should be easy ! no kids , no house , I just moved that 's all!Then last night I purchased the second state program this caused all kinds of problems . The password emailed to me that was supposed to get the second state program working DOESN `` T WORK . I carefully followed the Help instructions and ended up with a `` run-time error '' Then I carefuly followed the instructions for that too . But just found myself back at the original problem . It would n't accept the code it had emailed to me that I directly copied & pasted.Ofcoarse thier customer support people work the same hours I do . So I just emailed the whole shananagan to them . Let 's see what they come back with in the next 24-48 hours . UGH!This is such a nightmare I wish I had just spent the money on a tax professional.I STRONGLY suggest people use TurboTax that is time tested and surely would have less programming bugs .
 I have purchased previous versions of TaxCut but I was not happy with this one . The software had to be updated on-line and most of the updates were n't ready until late February . There were errors when you tried to update through the software so you had to go to the website to manually download them . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have used TaxCut over the last 7 years to do my taxes . In my experience , if TaxCut can do it , you can probably do it yourself . Semi-complicated tax situations such as when I got married and had to file tax returns in multiple states proved to be too much for TaxCut in the past.This year , I had to say that I found a couple of features quite nice . On the other hand , I found several bugs that were quite annoying.This year , H&R ; Block cut out many of the rebates . Deduction Pro was included in the deluxe edition , rather than having to purchase it separately and send in a rebate . Even better , the state programs are included on the CD !! There is no need to purchase it online , download it , and send in another rebate.Now for the bad
 It 's almost impossible to go back and correct an error , which makes the program very frustrating . I would have been better off doing it the old-fashioned way - a paper return . I do n't understand why these programs have to be so limiting when it comes to corrections .
 This product is incomplete . It is missing essential forms that would allow a person to complete their taxes . H & R Block is also not very good with processing updates either . At this stage , I 'm going to have to wait 2 weeks to get what they 're calling `` the update with the final tax forms '' for 2005 . All attempts to contact H & R Block have been ignored .
 This program does n't break down the deductions and credits very well . You do n't know what exactly to put in what deduction or credit . Turbo Tax has it though , turbo tax is about 20 times easier to use .
 I wasted an hour of time this morning . I spent 30 minutes trying to install it , another 30 minutes on hold -LRB- never did get through -RRB- . Finally saw the reviews here , and got it to install using safe-mode . I would try and get a refund , but I 'm sure I 'd end up on hold for another 1/2 hour .
 Same problem -LSB- ... -RSB- - installation fails while trying to install a file named mmvdpro.swf . No help on TaxCut website . Used TurboTax in past but bought this because significantly cheaper . More evidence , I guess , that you get what you pay for .
 I have wasted over a week on the K-1 worksheet as Taxcut substituted it for the regular schedule K-1 . Companies sent out directions on where to make entries on the regular K-1 but you have to put the data into the worksheet which uses different terminology . This is a major problem with this year 's Taxcut . The email address that tech support gave me to get a refund did n't work . I would advise against Taxcut if you have any schedule K 's to do . It does import from Microsoft Money 2006 , and Taxcut 2004 ok .
 In 2004 I actually used both TurboTax and TaxCut . They found different deductions , which made the extra cost more than worthwhile . Overall , TaxCut was more intuitive and found more deductions.In 2005 they stopped allowing downloading of 1099s from financial institutions such as Fidelity . Once I found that out , I stopped using the product ; it wo n't save me any time .
 I purchased TaxCut Premium this year . Big mistake . I encountered two problems with the Schedule C. First , I found that two different business types had the same Principal Business codes . Second , and truly egregious , is that the interview process for the Schedule C -LRB- for a sole proprietorship -RRB- neglected to ask about Cost of Goods Sold !!! For a retailer this is generally the largest expense ! The Final Review feature did n't even provide a warning that these fields were blank on the Schedule C. It 's easy enough to get around , going directly to the form , but when I contacted customer support to alert them to these problems they gave stupid answers like `` delete the form and then go through the process again . '' Huh ? Ridiculous .
 I received an email at the beginning of Dec from TaxCut saying they were mailing me the software for 2005 and it would arrive in a few days . Well , I never received it and I later learned that they -LRB- mistakenly -RRB- put customers ' Social Security number on the mailing label ! Now I am terrified that someone stole my CD and has my SS number . I have gone to the website to try to find out when my CD was mailed , etc , but I found it extremely difficult to find a tel number . I finally found one but you have to go through a complex maze of prompts . I have yet to find a way to get a live person on the phone . I think this is a sloppy and irresponsible company . I 'm going back to TurboTax - the software is the same stuff .
 Very disappointed in TAXCUT 2005 aftermath -- we were audited in 2007 for 2005 -- IRS denied all business expense -LRB- teacher and officer -RRB- even safety deposit box fee of $ 35 . Denied all costs of filing , doing taxes , etc. . Denied teacher computer cost.H.R . Block helper was great , called the IRS , talked them through it and still they renewed the demand -LRB- $ 4000 -RRB- , added interest and penalities , took our stimulus check of $ 1200 and then threatened and began a lien on our house . This was all done from the Tennessee IRS office -- we live in Arizona . After we got our congressman involved we just now -LRB- April , 2008 -RRB- got the appeal moved to Arizona , so we can do it in person and H.R. Block can go with us.H.R . Block is great -- TAXCUT not so great.IRS is awful for small people , like us to deal with . Tax attorneys not interested in small audits like ours.We were forced to start paying monthly at a $ 2.95 ` fee ' added on for doing so , plus $ 105 ` fee ' for setting up monthly payments in order to stop garnishment of salary and lien on house .
 I 've been a loyal TurboTax user for many years until this year when I was lured by the lower price of the bundled TaxCut Delux with State . And , since I also like to promote competition among software vendors , I bought TaxCut . Now that I am actually doing my taxes , I regret having switched.Here are the major problems with TaxCut Delux as compared to TurboTax Delux that I used last year :1 . The TaxCut automatic update function is broken and keeps returning error code 23 . The only way to get the latest fixes is to download the full 9 + MB file from their Web site .2 . If you have mutual fund or brokerage investments , TaxCut Delux does NOT allow for electornic downloading over the Internet of 1099 information form the financial institutions .3 . It never occurred to TaxCut that a mutual fund reporting tax exempt interest could possibly have capital gains . It does not allow one to enter capital gains from the 1099-DIV form after you checked that the dividends are tax exempt .4 . And , finally , if you have capital gains to report , they urge you to upgrade to TaxCut Premium or else use their cheesy interface to basically enter the data yourself directly into the Schedule D form.I have not yet gotten to the State part of TaxCut , but by this point I am considering re-enforcing my learning by buying TurboTax before April 15th and doing the taxes all over again !
 This product is horrible . After installing , updating , and unlocking state return , and then subsequently finishing my returns , now I ca n't update either federal or state . I figured what the heck , they should be updated anyway since I installed and finished so quickly . But the darn program wo n't e-file my returns saying I 'm not connected to internet -LRB- that 's news to me since my internet home is minimized in the tool bar . Went to web site and tried all their fixes and when all that failed , I e-mailed them and was sent the same list I had already tried . Now all my computer settings are screwed up and the darn thing still wo n't work . Never again will I use this program . Have used TaxAct for several years with no problem and will do so again . This program is useless .
 If you 've gotten used to downloading your 1099 info from Fidelity -LRB- or other places -RRB- into TaxCut , get ready for a big disappointment . It 's gone in the 2005 version , they did n't say why when I called tech support . Even if you only have a moderate number of trades , or do any options trading , this means a lot more work for you since you have to enter everything by hand.Update 1/16
 Let me start by saying I 've used Tax Cut for my 3 previous returns , with no issues whatsoever . So last year I pre-ordered when I filed my tax returns , and a CD arrived a couple of days back . I then tried to install it ... that 's when things started to go down hill . I should also point out that I 've worked in IT for the last 10 years , so I know a bit about software and PC 's . The first 4 attempts to install all halted at the exact same spot , 21 % complete , while trying to install a file called mmvdpro.swf in the ... help/us folder , no problem I thought , I 'll look at their solutions on the web site , see if there 's a patch or fix availabe , unfortunately there was n't , so I decidedto open a trouble ticket with their customer service.Initially they responded with a cut and paste of the FAQ from the web - asking me to reboot , when I had clearly stated in the original mail that I had done this twice . I replied asking for some real help , they told me to disable my Anti-virus and Firewall software `` it should only take 5 minutes '' they said . This is the most absurd piece of `` help '' I 've ever been offered , first off ; they do n't even ask what AV or Firewall software I was running , secondly ; do they know it 's 2005 , I 'd no more go out into the street naked than turn off both my firewall and antivirus software . A couple of emails later , they told me to apply for a refund !!!!!!! Way to go guys . Now if I could install Tax Cut while disconnected form the web , disabling my security software MIGHT be an option , but you have to be connected to the web to install!I 've tried and tried to get the darn thing to install - all with no help whatsoever from H&R ; Blocks technical support . You wonder how a company becomes so succesful turning customers away .
 This software is years behind TurboTax , which I 've used for the 4 years prior -LRB- with no audits and no problems -RRB- . I gave it a shot this time around because it was cheaper , but found numerous bugs that have left me very nervous about submitting my taxes . Here 's a HUGE one
 Unfortunately most of us are stuck with either TurboTax or TaxCut ! I switched to TaxCut this year from TurboTax . Last year I had to boot up in safe mode to install AND run TurboTax . So I thought I 'd give TaxCut a try this year . Low and behold I got the dreaded 21 % hang while trying to load the mmvdpro.swf file . I had to boot up into safe mode again this year to install TaxCut . However , I was able to run TaxCut from normal boot , so a little improvement.Once installed TaxCut imported my TurboTax file and everything seemed to work smoothly . As TurboTax did last year . I 'm not sure what these companies are doing with their software builds as the Tax software are the only programs I have installation problems with.Now , I just have to wait until I get the latest TaxCut updates -LRB- due in mid Feb -RRB- to submit my return.p.s . I 'm using Premium + State
 After four straight years of using TaxCut , I believe I 'll use TurboTax next year . As others pointed out , after TaxCut indicated no further errors nor warnings , the return got rejected by the IRS because , in Form 8801 , the program did not subtract line 38 from line 37 and put the results in line 40 . I wo n't be able to e-file because of this basic mistake in TaxCut 's compliance with how the form should be filled out according to the IRS .
 I have always used Quicken 's turbo tax . This year I decided to be cheap and bought Tax Cut at Wal-Mart . BIG MISTAKE !!! A long story short , I lived in two states last year . The first one does not accept e-filing of part year residents . No problem I sent a paper filing . BUT , taxcut would not allow me to submit the second state because it said the first state could n't be efiled . There is no way to submit one state and not the other . The software is so idiot proof that you can ; t delete one state to circumvent the issue . I called technical support . They had no idea what I was talking about . They never offerred to refund what I paid for two state tax additions . Their brilliant suggestion . `` It would be best to just send the return on paper . '' Then why did I buy the product ?
 Like many others , I bought TaxCut Deluxe + State on CD and Taxcut told me `` If you purchased a state program , please copy and paste the Install Key and Name from the confirmation e-mail '' when I tried to install and activate the state software.Well , there is no e-mail and no key . Apparently , Taxcut assumes that I downloaded Taxcut from the Web site , instead of from a CD.I tried to email H&R ; Block and also tried their online chat . No luck.Their Web site touts `` 24 hour response time '' for e-mail , but it has been three days now , and I have n't gotten a reply.When I tried their chat support , it kept saying that an agent would be with me shortly , but after 30-40 minutes of this it declared that it was terminating my chat session.After being a satisfied Taxcut customer for several years , H&R ; Block has converted me into a permanent H&R ; Block NON-customer . I returned the software and bought TurboTax .
 TaxCut is not able to handle the Social Security worksheet . Attempts to print or file taxes without using the worksheet , even though zero SS tax are due , is met with an error message . Therefore , I am not able to print a paper tax form or electronically file . Calls to TaxCut resulted in the statement `` they are aware of the problem and they are working on the issue '' . So far they have had over 10,000 complaints . Date of error fix is unknown . So if you received any SS and if you want to file anytime soon , use Turbo Tax .
 I have been a Taxcut user for the last 5 years and have experienced minor problems each year -- specifically related to filing in 2 states that other reviewers have pointed out as well . Twice , the New York State taxes turned out to be incorrect and I had to pay follow up charges.Each year after filing I have thought that I would never use this package again , but each year I have succumbed to their advertising and the hope that it will be easier since my previous years taxes are in the same software and can be readily imported . THis year is the worst.The program imported fine and we have been entering the new data as it comes in . Last week , in explicably the program dies at the launch time with a message `` Line 1 syntax error '' . Ca n't figure out anything I can do since I cant even access the help info . Have written to TAXCUT -LRB- no reply in 4 days -- so much for the promised 48 hour turn around -RRB- and have sat with the phone for several hours -LRB- in multiple tries -RRB- waiting for someone to pick up after they put you on hold . You get disconnected eventually . A very negative experience .
 I have been having the same problem with the TaxCut state return as many of the other reviewers . I noticed that most of them say `` on my Windows XP machine '' . So , I tried the software on an old Windows ME machine , and IT WORKED ! The state part did not ask for an install key . Seems like TaxCut should be able to figure this out . Back to TurboTax next year .
 I 've used this product for the last 3 years with no problems however this year has been a nightmare.When attemptin to open the state return I receive a `` Key not Valid '' despite I purchased a state included product.Many hours on the phone to support resulted in a `` return to store '' request for a free exchange . This did not solve the issue either . After more hour on the phone the company sent a replacement CD insuring me this would solve the problem.Same thing . I am an IT person and my new DELL is not the problem . Looks like its TurboTax for me from here on out .
 I 've used TaxCut on a Mac for the past four years . This year , I was pleasantly surprised when an unordered TaxCut CD arrived in the mail . How nice ! I did n't have to order it from Amazon and wait for it to arrive.Now , I 'm a procrastinator , so today , April 9th , I opened up the package . And found -- a Windows-only CD . Grrrrr . OK , so I 'm annoyed , but I go to the website to purchase and download the Mac verson . Only -- no Mac version at all this year !! But , judging from some of the reviews below , maybe I 'm lucky to be forced to use TurboTax .
 I have never written a review for anything online before , but the flaws in this program are so enormous , I feel obligated to inform others . Here are the ones I 've discovered , in no particular order :1 -RRB- There is absolutely no easy way to transfer just your returns as one file to view or print from another computer . You can not save your returns as a PDF file or anything else that can be opened without the TaxCut software . Which means that if you are using TaxCut on a computer that is not hooked up to a printer or the internet , there is no way to file your returns without huge difficulty -LRB- as in installing a new printer , transferring the entire TaxCut program to another computer , or something else equally tedious and time-consuming -RRB- . This is just an idiotic flaw that really should n't exist in any software at this point .2 -RRB- They do n't advertise that it costs a lot to e-file your returns . A lot of programs offer free federal filing . Not TaxCut . It costs $ 16 PER RETURN . Adding that costs with the costs of the program and state programs , you might as well go with a real accountant .3 -RRB- There are lots of state returns that can not be filed electronically . This is n't necessarily a TaxCut only problem , but I found out personally that you ca n't file part-year resident or non-resident returns electronically . Now , this really becomes a TaxCut problem referring to point # 1 when I realized there 's no easy way to print and file paper returns either .4 -RRB- Customer service is hit or miss . Because of issues 1-3 , I 've had some exposure to TaxCut technical support . The first time I called , it was about issue # 1 , saving returns as a PDF . That was in mid-March , so I 'm sure they had been hearing complaints about that for a while now . But the person I talked to had no idea and had to put me on hold for 5-10 minutes so that she could ask her supervisor and then inform me that there was nothing I could do . The last time I called I got a much more informed person who admitted to me that they 've had a lot of complaints about the PDF issue.The only reason I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is that it 's probably a serviceable program if you have a simple federal return and one state return that are all able to be e-filed . But taxes are n't always that predictable and if you buy a software package , it should be able to handle some of the things that can come up . I absolutely will not be using H&R ; Block software or programs of any kind next year .
 I have used TaxCut for several years , and until this year , I have had good luck . However , this year they sent me the software in the mail , -LRB- sounds helpful -- saved a trip to the store -RRB- , so I installed it , paid for it , registered the software online , and then completed my returns . It was going great until the Error Check -- it found a problem with the SimpleIRA , KEOGH section , and could not correct it until software was updated -- and that update is not available until Feb 14 . So now I can not complete and file my return until then . My real problem is that they sent me the software in the mail , invited me to use it , accepted my money , and allowed me to spend time entering information and THEN told me that I could not complete the process for two weeks . A call to tech support confirmed that they were aware of the problem , and they did offer to refund my purchase price , though they declined to pay interest on the amount of my tax refund for the time it is being delayed due to their software problem.Overall , I feel that they knowingly deceived me . It is bad business , and I will use another program next year .
 Like another reviewer , I am also unable to install this product . The installation freezes at 21 % while installing mmvdpro.swf .
 When loading the program , it asked whether the copy was illegal , and my cursor just happened to be resting on the `` yes '' box . Without even selecting the yes or no , the program automatically selected the yes , and the software simply stopped . No way to correct the selection ... Just had to toss out the whole thing . What a crappy way to cheat buyers .
 I decided to switch from Turbotax to Taxcut because of the price difference and was extremely disappointed . The interview missed areas on the forms and only because I was familiar with the info that was needed did I know to switch to the forms and key in the correct info . Then when I tried to electronically file it kept being rejected . Trying to locate a contact number was a frustrating experience and they were no help . I am switching back to Turbotax !
 After installing all the updates to this software and double checking all data entered Tax Cut calculated that I owed $ 1250 . This just did not jibe with my planning from 2004 so I `` bit the bullet '' , bought Turbo Tax -LRB- which I had been using until this year -RRB- , and did the whole thing over . Turbo Tax calculated a REFUND of $ 25 even though both programs used the same taxable income and taxes already paid ! I could find nothing in the Tax Cut Help File that actually helped.Guess which program I am going to use ? ...
 I bought the CD version Tax Cut Delux + State at Office Depot on 1/28/2006 and registered online the same day . I completed the federal return and discovered the Alternative Minimum Tax -LRB- AMT -RRB- form was only a draft version and I could not file electronically . Today is 2/15/2006 and the Tax Cut web site still does not have an update for the final form version .
 I have been a loyal TaxCut Deluxe user for about 5 years now and have generally been very pleased . However , this year 's version was so riddled with software issues that I have finally given up and reluctantly switched to their competitor.The first copy I bought from Target and had an error on the CD that prevented installation so I exchanged it for another copy.The second copy appeared to install everything properly . An hour or two later I finished my federal return and went to click on the state tab . However , even though my free state was installed , the program would not let me proceed without a `` user key '' . This is something that is emailed to people who have DOWNLOADED the software ... not purchased a CD w/free state . 4 calls to customer service -LRB- I use that term loosely -RRB- and 2 hours later , it is determined that there was a `` bug '' in some of the software packages sent to retailers . So back to Target I go.The third copy I purchased also had a bug -LRB- similar to my first copy -RRB- that hung up installation at 27 % . At my wits end ... I return my third copy of taxcut and convince the manager to take back the opened software and allow me to exchange it for a copy of the `` other '' brand.Very pleased with my decision ... 2 hours later my taxes are complete and e-filed . Thank you TaxCut for making my decision that much easier next tax year .
 I 've been a Tax Cut user for number of years . This is the first time I 'll be returning the product back for one simple reason . This year 's -LRB- 2005 -RRB- version does not include the feature to import 1099-Div and 1099-B -LRB- stocks and mutual fund related capital gains and losses -RRB- information directly from your Financial service provider . If you have significant amount of investment related activity in 2005 , you will have enter all of them manually . Based on my research , Turbo Tax has the feature to import this information electronically . If this feature is not important to you , then I would heartily recommend this product for its ease of use and better price value -LRB- CD version -RRB- than Turbo Tax .
 Been using this for years ... its always a little quirky ... but I 'm always able to get my taxes done quickly and file electronically for a fast refund.This year , what a nightmare . Software is the same ... but it has a major bug ... whne you click on state , it says that `` Key is Invalid '' See other reviews ... this is a widespread problem.Spent 11/2 hours on hold ... only for Tech Support to not be aware of problem . THeir only solution was to re-install ... he had me do that 3 times ... it never worked . He asked other folks in tech support dept. . . he said , `` yeah , this problem just started this morning...re-installing will work `` No ... this is an old problem . . see other reviews ... and this is widespread , and re-installing does not solve . HIs solution '' ? Return the software to the retailer where I bought it.So , hours on phone , and now have to attempt to exchange this.Next year ? Turbotax I shall try . I can understand a bug ... but at least acknowledge it and give me a better solution . been using this for 7 years ... you would think they would have better customer servicve - like a free state download for me ... how much would that cost them ? Nothing . Except a happy customer ... and one that would return . NExt year , bye bye .
 I wish I read all the reviews before purchasing . Just like many others , my installation failed on mmvdpro.swf . I chatted the supprt , and they cut and paste a bunch of support options for me to call . Idiots ! Not worth the headache or rise in blood pressure ! I had to give it at least one star , but I would really say it was a big fat ZERO .
 I am very disappointed with this product as it fails to install unless you take special measures -LRB- see below -RRB- . Like others here , my installation also stalled at 21 % with the mmvdpro.swf file . I have current versions of flash and XP patches , so that is not an issue . Writing code to install software is neither original nor particularly difficult , it 's one of the most basic operation software performs . No problems with other software -LRB- or earlier versions of this -RRB- regarding this issue.That this does n't work is very disappointing . The fact that the taxcut website does n't offer any suggestions or support on this issue further discourages use of this software next year . This was an unnecessary waste of time.Rebooting into safe mode to install the program seems to have worked - I hope now that it is installed I will not have any further problems.I have used TaxCut for the last few years , next year I 'll be looking for other products . ------------------ Having just used the program to fill out my taxes , I would like to add the following comments : The user interface is poor , the fonts and forms are not well designed , nor does much of the information fit properly inside the provided spaces . If you start entering data into a form , the data entry textbox gets larger -LRB- along with the font -RRB- and overlays other parts of the form . While this does n't prevent you from using the software , it is puzzling why this inadequate design choice was made . There is plenty of space available in the application window which is left blank . This space could have easily been used to help with the data entry forms . I did not see any options that would allow adjusting font sizes in this program.As another example , the top row shows the Federal/State refund amounts , they do n't fit inside the little textbox . -LRB- No , my refund was n't that large ! -RRB- At times the radio buttons do n't work , or the window/form does n't properly redraw.I do n't recall previous editions of this software package being this poorly implemented . I am very disappointed.HR / TaxCut will send you a link for a survey/feedback for the product . I tried to take advantage of that opportunity to provide some useful information back to them , but the survey is as poorly designed as the product , insisting that you put an answer for every single item , even if it 's not applicable to you , or you have no opinion on a given question . -LRB- this might be a screen with 20 items to check -RRB- . It will not let you get past the screen . I aborted the survey not even halfway through after 10 + minutes.What happened to the TaxCut from previous years ? It worked much better sad to say .
 I consider myself very compute literate being a programmer by trade yet despite my best efforts I could not get TaxCut Deluxe + State to install until the 5th or 6th attempt . Then when it did install everything was peachy until I got to the State part , whereupon a prompt said I had an invalid Install Key . H&R Block 's TaxCut website offers an area here
 I have an S-corp and tried coupling TaxCut 2005 Deluxe with TaxCut 's Business software . Neither is terribly helpful with respect to actually completing a return . Anything other than basic W-2 and Investment data is almost always passed back to the User with a suggestion that the User review the Tax Code . I thought that was what the software was supposed to do !?
 -LSB- ... -RSB- We have used Tax Cuts for years , but this year they have changed the way they bundle state and federal together . When you try to install Tax Cuts 05 on a computer that has the previous years installed on it you get a `` Install Key Not Valid '' message when you try to run the state program.I installed it on a PC that never had Tax Cuts on it and it works just fine . I even bought a second copy from the Internet web site -LRB- first copy bought at Office Max -RRB- and had the exact same problem.As already mention the Technical Support is horrible and I have been bounced around in queues for about 3 hours.Going to try for a return if my current call -LRB- on hold yet again -RRB- does n't work . Time to go for Turbo Tax I guess .
 I switched to Taxcut few years ago so I could easily import my stock transactions from Fidelity . TaxCut removed this feature this year without letting anybody know . I had to google to death to find that . Until they fix this , I will not use TaxCut anymore .
 I 've been a loyal and satisfied user of TaxCut for many years . This year is a far different story ! Believe it or not , there seems to be no place in the interviews , forms or worksheets to enter my quartely estimated tax payments made to the state of CA for 2005 !! According to the actual forms this info is supposed to come from the CA `` Background Worksheet '' which seems to have absolutely no place to enter it . I called tech support several times in the hope of getting a knowledgeable person to help . Wasted a lot of time trying various things for them to no avail . My software is also up-to-date . I find it quite hard to believe that this is impossible to do . Even it it were possible I find is hard to believe it is so difficult to do because I 'm very computer literate myself and CA is perhaps the most important state for taxation ! I 'm sending it back for their Money Back Guarantee -LRB- $ 25 at most -RRB- but its not going to compensate for my time lost .
 I live in NJ and work in NY and never owe NJ tax . So when I received this in the mail , I installed NY as my state . Why pay for what you never owe on ? When I reached the step to e-file , after I had completed my NY non-resident and federal , it would n't let me file them together . It said I had to install and complete NJ . I contacted their technical support and was told I had to file them separate . Really not a big deal , but the whole point of buying software so you could do it yourself is about the convenience . If I filed my federal and state together , what I owed for state would have been deducted from my federal , along with the e-filing fees for both ... sorry ... those * free * fees , that you only get back once you mail away for them.Also when filling out the forms , the spot for State Disability Insurance was made more complicated than necessary . Right there in the help guide , it says NY , CA , NJ and 2 other states have SDI . But when you look at the options it gives you , it only lists CA and NJ on one line for SDI . And when it checks the return later , that same line pops up as a warning , no matter what you choose for it.I usually use Tax Act and it 's a lot less hassle . I only used this b/c someone I know says it 's easier , but it 's really not for my situation .
 This is the second time I bought Taxcut . Both times I could not use it to file my return . This time Taxcut added the non-taxable moving expense reimbursement to my wage and I could n't find the way to get rid of it . I contacted customer service but they did ' t seem to understand how moving expense works . I kept telling them this is the software issue but they insisted it is a tax issue and advised me to call tax advisor . I think I will file manually this year and will never buy Taxcut again.Update 02/16/06
 I ca n't believe it CAN NOT import W2 form automatically since it claims it provides e-file . Overall it 's still way behind TurboTax . Wo n't use it next year until they fix the problem.Can ' t enter ESPP.No 1099 download.I wish I could give it 0 star .
 After being a loyal customer for 7 years I am ready to jump ship.Currently I am unable to prepare my Alabama return because of the following error message
 I used TurboTax Deluxe last year , and had efficient results . Trying to save money this year , I went with TaxCut . Big Mistake , there were big holes in the tax questions that would have led me to miss big deductions . It did n't handle my Health Savings Account , Vehicle Registration deduction , and the Sales Tax deduction for Washington state . I got frustrated at the problems , and went back to the store and bought TurboTax . It handled everything I needed and was much easier to use . I 'll be a loyal TurboTax user from now on .
 I 've bought TaxCut for the last five years , but will not do so again , after buying TaxCut 2005 Deluxe + State.I wrote most of this while on hold for TaxCut Customer Service . I spent a little more than an hour waiting to speak to someone . This was my second call - I waited 45 minutes before this to speak to TaxCut Technical Support . All Technical Support did was have me reinstall the software , and when that did n't solve the problem , they gave me another number for Customer Service.All this is over what appears to be some flawed copy protection . I buy all my software legitimately . I paid -LSB- ... -RSB- at a local big box store for TaxCut Deluxe + State . The huge selling feature for this package is that State is included , which is a big win over prior years ' practice of requiring that you buy it , and then -LSB- ... -RSB- . The software installed normally , both federal and state editions . I only need one state so this was all pretty simple . I imported last year 's data and got through the Federal return with only a modest amount of fuss . However , things fell apart when I got to the State return.The screen for this lists the state programs you have installed , and the one I selected during the original installation is listed . However , when I select that and click on the `` Begin '' button , I get a dialog box entitled `` State Program Install Key Not Valid . '' This dialog goes on to ask for an Install Key and a Name , which it asserts are from an email message sent to me.The only point during the installation that I was offered an opportunity to provide an email address was during a product registration step that popped up right after the initial install . It 's not a required field , so I have no email from TaxCut , as they have no email address for me.So far , I have spent more time in hold queues waiting for a fix for this license key issue than I have spent on my taxes.When I finally did reach Customer Support , they had two suggestions . After reinstalling the software yet again to no effect , they suggested that I could either a -RRB- ask the retailer to exchange it , on the theory that H&R ; Block had somehow gotten the wrong disk , some sort of trial edition , in the box or b -RRB- sit through the hold queue at Tech Support again!When I asked to speak to a Supervisor , I was told that there are none `` on the floor '' on weekends.This is the worst experience I 've ever had with any financial software package . Save yourself a bad day , I suggest , and choose an alternative program !
 This product is a mess !!! If you file by paper in California , you will need the new Schedule W-2 CG form , which is not included in TaxCut State for California or the California Franchised Tax Board website . A Schedule W-2 , non-CG version is availabe on the website , but it can not be used if you file using a program such as TaxCut which generates what they called `` scannable '' returns . The `` scannable '' returns must go with `` Schedule W-2 CG '' and not `` Schedule W-2 '' . Since TaxCut does not provide it , you are screwed ... TurboTax is a little buggy around this area too , HOWEVER , TurboTax can print the blank Schedule W-2 CG , which is all you need ...
 I switched from TurboTax to Taxcut this year and do I regret this decision . Taxcut is so buggy and their support so horrible -LRB- e.g. return the product , return the product , return the product -RRB- that I finally gave up and bought TurboTax.The first copy of Taxcut I bought from Office Depot had a bug that prevented installation -LRB- even in safe mode -RRB- so I exchanged it for another copy . The second copy appeared to install everything properly . An hour or two later I finished my federal return and went to click on the state tab . However , even though my free state was installed , the program would not let me proceed without a `` user key '' . In total , I have waited 6 hours on hold to speak or chat with customer support only to be told to `` return the product '' each time ! I returned Taxcut 4 times and none of them work . I have sent several emails but not one has been responded . 48 hour response time - ya right ! I have completely uninstalled all taxcut product prior to the new installs but no luck . I actually searched my computer for any taxcut files and manually deleted each file the taxcut uninstall program did n't remove . Still no luck.I am a CPA and former Oracle software consultant and I am here to say , H&R ; Block Taxcut is complete and utter misery . This product and H&R ; Block 's lack of support for their customers is a slap in the face to all of us . Intuit is no shining star when it comes to support but H&R ; Block is the absolute pits . I too wish there was a zero star rating . By the way , I am using Windows XP so whoever said this is not an XP problem is dead wrong.Thanks for letting me vent . I now feel better and will complete my tax returns on TurboTax .
 After years of using TurboTax , I decided to try TaxCut after reading reviews . BAD MISTAKE !!!!!!!!!! First , you can not pull up actual forms at any time during the interview like you can in TurboTax . With TurboTax you can see the forms at all times . Very inconvenient , especially with complicated returns.Second , I must file two state returns . One came free and I paid an additional $ 24.95 to download the second state , Tennessee . After working my way through the Federal and Georgia returns , I open Tennessee . THERE IS NOTHING IN IT except to get an update . Then you get into a circle . Seems they wo n't have the Tennessee info until at least February 14th . Third , technical support is practically nonexistent . Expect to wait 30-45 minutes on every call just to get to an agent . Then , you will probably get cut off while that agent goes to check on something -LRB- they seem to only be able to answer the most basic questions and I talked to several of them with the same result -RRB- . Since they have your telephone number , you 'd think they 'd call you back , would n't you ? WRONG ! They are not allowed to make calls.Fourth , both chat line and live help for tax questions are at an additional cost . You 're stuck with trying to find answers on their website . Again , only the most basic help is available.Fifth , getting to some features on the website require a login name and password . If using the CD version , you are never given the opportunity to create either of these . Same goes for downloading the state.Sixth , other features require your order number or you may use your email address and the last four digits of your credit card number . This does n't work either.I wish there were a zero to rate this item .
 For the price you pay -LRB- multiplied by tens of millions of Americans using the program -RRB- , you 'd expect H&R ; Block to have a hefty programming budget . Plus , they are quite experienced at this tax stuff . My story
 After using Tax Cut for several years -- I am finished with it ! Last year I purchased and downloaded from their web site -LRB- dont do it -RRB- and ended up with a corrupted version.This year Tax Cut came in the mail -- so I went for it . Not only do you pay more -- the product is not complete with all the worksheets and forms needed.Right now I am stuck -- not being allowed to e-file because of a missing worksheet . Tax cut blames the IRS 's late legislation and it is true that the IRS will put out one more update on Jan 31st . Thing is -- the worksheet I need is not a part of this but yet I have to wait for it all . According to Tax Cut -- even after the IRS completes its update -- Tax Cut will not have them until mid-Febuary . Their customer service is useless -- the employees have no real clue whats going on . My form is sitting on the IRS web site right now . So do I try to get a refund and file on my own as that appears to be the quickest way ? Or wait ? I am beyond angry at a product that is simply not ready and feel stuck as I am already out -LSB- ... -RSB- The IRS web site puts the -LSB- ... -RSB- to all the excuses Tax Cut is using as to why I can not finish my very simple return.UPDATEA simple social security worksheet is all I need but TaxCut continues to insist the IRS has not put it out yet . This is simply not true.After 3 hours on the phone most of it on hold -- taxcut people gave me various excuses -LRB- they do not really know a thing about this product -RRB- why they wont have all forms until mid-febuary and possibly not even then.So I took the refund -- downloaded TaxACT which prooved to be a very nice program and my taxes are done and refund on the way . TaxACT offers free e-file and has been rated a `` Very Good '' by Cnet . Just thought I would give a heads up for anyone who is tired of waiting to file .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I am a longtime Taxcut user -LRB- 5 returns -RRB- , work in the IT industry and know a little bit about computers and installing software.I have heard about past problems installing Taxcut software but never experienced them first hand . My 4 attempts to install this product have all failed . After getting to 21 % complete in the install process the install stops at a program called mmvdpro.swf.I have tried all the tips recommended for installing the software including shutting down my firewall and anti-virus software -LRB- which is the equivalent of having unprotected sex when conected to the internet -RRB- , but have had no luck.I attempted to call customer support but after waiting on hold for over 45 minutes to speak with someone I gave up . I will be returning the product for a refund and buy a copy of TurboTax.Hopefully , Intuit does a better job of quality assurance before releasing its products .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I can not get past 21 % in the installation process . I have tried to install eight times , four times on each of two copies . I -LSB- ... -RSB- hope that Block comes up with a fix . I have been a loyal TaxCut user for years , and do n't want to switch to TurboTax .
 I used Turbo Tax last year and decided to buy this -LSB- ... -RSB- . My first mistake . Taxcut installed fine , did import the data from Turbo , and has a lot of features . The problem is it somehow transferred the wrong data reference other state and local taxes . The amount is far to big , I do n't know where they got the data , and they give zero help in the way of explanation . I had a couple of other questions so instead of trying to return I upgraded to State premium where they are supposed to give you access to a tax advisor . They direct you to a local office where they tell you to call another number . I called the other number which was disconnected . I call back the office and get the run around . I attempted to print schedule A , where it shows the problem deduction , and right at that spot -LRB- line 5 -RRB- it stops printing schedule A and prints a blank remainder of the page . In trying to print the remainder of the form it sends an error to my printer and stops printing in the middle of page 7 . I 'm glad others have had luck with the program but I find it to be seriously corrupted , customer service non existent , and it to be a major waste of time . I plan on disputing the charge for the -LSB- ... -RSB- premium upgrade and bringing this back and hopefully getting a store credit toward Turbo Tax . If not I 'll eat the cost and get Turbo anyway . You have been warned .
 I have been a TaxCut users for 2 years with mixed success with previous versions . The 2006 Version however thoroughly disappointed me and drove me back to TurboTax . -LRB- I had been a TurboTax user before the spyware fiasco of '03 turned me away -RRB- . Out of the box , TaxCut 06 setup froze at 21 % progress when I installed it on my WinXP PC . I researched on their support website . Apparently this is a known issue and they offered a `` fix '' - it did n't work for me . I then contacted the live online support . The same fix was offered , and when told that it did n't work , the support person said that the case would be `` escalated '' and I will be contacted within 48 hours . Nothing happened in the next 3 days . - 0 points for their Support.I managed to work around the problem by installing the software on my work machine . Then I met numerous problems
 After several years of using TurboTax , I thought I 'd give TaxCut another try . Big mistake . When transferring data from Quicken 2004 , TaxCut entered all of my trades from within retirement accounts -LRB- tax-deferred -RRB- . What a mess ! And it took me a couple of hours to delete each entry manually . Note that these accounts are correctly identified in Quicken , and TurboTax has never had this problem -LRB- though , admittedly , it 's had others on occasion -RRB- . Aother problem
 I have many complaints about this program - too numerous to mention . Here are just a few of my biggest ... The program has not been thoroughly tested . It 's buggy and not well thought out.It does not include all of the forms that I needed -LRB- and , as of January 31 2006 , were not yet available for download -RRB- . The program does not allow the user to choose where to save the tax return , so backing up your return is exceedingly clumsy.The interview starts from the beginning each time you open a return that you 've been working on , instead of remembering where you left off.Support line for TaxCut is horrendous - long wait times and the reps have no idea about how TaxCut Business works.Stay far away from this product !
 I moved from TurboTax to TaxCut a few years due to Inuit 's C-Dilla fiasco , vowing never to return ... Having used this year 's TaxCut for Business & Business State , I 'm soon to be -LRB- again -RRB- a loyal TT user.I installed the Federal program and , when directed , also installed the State program . The first piece of bad news was that I could n't import last year 's return -LRB- also prepared using TaxCut -RRB- . The comments in other posts about slow , useless technical support are confirmed ; 30 minutes of online chat during which I was asked exactly one pertinent question from a person who obviously knew less about the product and its features than I did . In the end , I was told that it might maybe kind-of possibly be a good guess that some form or other was n't approved yet and , so , I should wait until mid-March to see if I still had the problem then . This was on March 11th and - as we know - corporate taxes are due on March 15th . I abandoned the attempt at further technical help and just re-entered the information.The interview does , indeed , not keep track of it 's location ; very frustrating . Also , there are indeed many places -LRB- MANY places -RRB- where the TaxCut interview process is as follows
 This is a pretty bad cut-the-corners hack-job of a program . I 'd give it 0 stars if that were an option.My TaxCut business return for 2004 disappeared silently when I uninstalled the 2004 product . Did the uninstaller do it ? I do n't know , but I did n't delete the files manually . As a result , I ca n't import last year 's data.When updating the software , a dialog came up that ambiguously claimed that some forms were not available . It did n't say which ones , or suggest how I could tell.It frequently leaves out explanations of entries on forms . At one point it claimed misleadingly that a form was not available and attempted to force me to skip the form , which was needed for asset depreciation . Guessing that the Forms menu might allow it to be downloaded , I tried to Preview and it again misleadingly claimed the form was not available . I clicked on `` Open '' and it downloaded . After that , I had to click on `` Back '' a few times to restart the asset process.The asset entry form is among the worst user interfaces I 've ever been cursed with using . There is no excuse for something this bad to survive from the 2004 version of the TaxCut product . It would not respond to a TAB or ENTER/RETURN to go to the next field , forcing the mouse to be used repeatedly . Nor does it provide a way to import from a CSV or spreadsheet . So for anything more than a couple of lines , the costs of data entry time alone well exceed the cost to buy a competitor 's software.It does n't automatically place you back at the last step you were at , if you interrupt the process , save , and reopen the form . This was annoying . But when I reopened a form after interrupting the entry process , the software incorrectly began setting check boxes to YES or NO , ignoring the prior settings . That 's not just annoying , its a very big risk.Often , questions are posed in such a way as to make them indirect , more ambiguous , and less clear than the paper IRS forms . It is a reflection of the `` cutting corners '' feel of the product when it is less clear than an IRS publication.As far as the rest of the interface is concerned , the product often leaves you guessing . Sometimes it uses checkboxes for Yes/No answers ; sometimes using buttons instead ; often there is little obvious indication of what step to take , or what the consequences are of taking an action.For those reasons , I 'm dumping TaxCut for Business -LRB- as well as the TaxCut Deluxe + State I 'd purchased with it -RRB- . It just is n't worth the headache .
 I purchased this product to file taxes for my new corporation founded over the past year . I presumed that this product would guide me thru the process smoothly , with intuitive menus and explenations of the tax terminology , but it did no such thing . I should mention I have filed taxes by hand for the past ten years for my personal taxes , so I am not a complete stranger to filing taxes , albeit this was corporate tax , which is quite a different beast . That fact is why I purchased this in the first place - however the screens that prompt you to select from a series of options provide no meaningfull explenation as to what the options mean in english and certianly no pros and cons . Furthermore , I expected this software to integrate seamlesslly with Quickbooks , which it does not support in any shapre or form whatsoever . Run , dont walk , from this software . You are better off using the IRS booklet than this , at least that explainsa lot more than this . I am now going to purchase Turbotax , which works with Quickbooks , and I spoke to several other companies I deal with and they all swear by turbotax.One last note
 I purchased this product instead of TurboTax because it was a few dollars cheaper . Guess what . . I 'm now buying TurboTax because I simply do n't trust this software . I have an accounting degree and have been doing my personal and business taxes for years now . Save your money !! Buy TurboTax .
 Avoid ! Do not buy this software . You have been warned . I WAS a long time user of TaxCut but this year the interface is awful , the program is super buggy , Did not come with all of the forms , downloading forms are a nightmare , program crashed and closed on a regular basis , there are no interviews for the business forms , ca n't seem to figure out how to use the program , had to select a different type of business to get program updated , program is nothing like previous years.In short I feel ripped off . I do n't know if the other versions are like this , but the business is . Maybe I need another version for a complete Business/Personal experience . I have no idea and the program does not seem to help.To be honest with you I would rather do my taxes by hand than to use this program .
 Do n't get this product confused with previous years ' `` Home and Business '' offerings . Call it what you want , but to me this was a deceptive move to boost revenue . The previous years included all the forms , interviews and software necessary to do both home and business . Not to mention , at the same price ! To acheive the same results , now you must purchase two separate products , Business AND Premium , both of which are not cheap . Just a bad move IMO . I 've been using this product since 2000 and this just may sway my next purchase.Customer support is horrible . There 's no other way to describe it . Long hold times -LRB- both phone and online chat -RRB- . Add to that , representatives who do not understand the product features and offerings . It makes it very difficult to work through simple issues . Be prepared for the `` check the FAQ '' line .
 I used the TaxCut software to prepare my personal tax return the past two years and was very happy with it . The software was easy to use , it led you through a serious of interview questions and made suggestions along the way . I recently started an S Corp. and thought I would use TaxCut Business to handle the taxes for the corporation . I have no employees besides myself , no product or inventory , and no source of income other than consulting fees . Should be easy right ? I could n't have been more wrong . After about 4 hours of struggling with this software I was no farther along than when I started . It provided little guidance as to how I should be filling out the forms . The personal edition will ask you a series of questions to guide you through the process , no so in the Business edition.This software is a blight on the TaxCut name and it is a real shame that they distribute this product . As much as I liked the personal edition I may not go back to using it after this debacle . Maybe I 'll give TurboTax a try .
 I am using TaxCut Business to prepare a simple Form 1041 for a trust . This has to be the WORST example of tax software I have EVER come accross . Entry boxes that will not take an entry without an override , endless loops -LRB- entry comes from another forms entry box which comes from the first box , which comes from the 2nd box , which comes from the 1st box ... -RRB- , inability to reaccess an itemized list after it is created , inability to move around between forms without going back to the interview and taking a wild guess , and a totally useless help section , just to mention a few . What a piece of grabage . This apparantly is produced by an outfit named ATX II LLC and bears no resemblence to the personal version for your 1040 . Dont even THINK about paying good money for this .
 Based on my experience with the personal tax software from TaxCut , I expected much more from this product . This software does not help you do anything with the forms . There are no `` wizards '' and it asumes that you know everything already . The software is essentially a collection of forms . It walks you through each field and does the math . When I say that it walks you through each field , I do not mean that it helps you with them . It simply steps you through the form and states basic info such as `` Enter the partnership 's adjusted gain or loss from the AMT . '' It offers no help on how to calulate this.I have found the IRS website far more helpful . I have constantly been readying the IRS info from their website because this offers so little info . I can do the math on a calculator , so I do n't need software that points to fields and `` grunts . '' On top of that , it does not even let you choose where to save your file.I am a do-it-yourself kind of guy , but this has not provided me with any tools that allow me to do it . Be very afraid of turning in anything to the IRS with this software unless you are a CPA .
 This SUCKS . I 've fought with this program -- it keeps saying my taxes are pending , but wo n't print them out , and I ca n't figure out how to get them `` approved '' . Now , the stupid program will not even open , so I not only have to fill out the forms BY HAND , but I 've got to start from scratch too , because I ca n't even open up the program to get the data I 've already entered . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS OR FUTURE EDITIONS . IT IS **** NOT **** WORTH IT
 I have used Turbotax for many years but decided to try the Tax Cut this year . I have had nothing but problems with the software . When trying to open it on a brand new HP notebook with a broadband internet connection open , it would freeze up whenever I tried to start an tax return and come up with error messages , I did n't find an answer in Customer support . Rather that hassle with it I ordered TurboTax for Business . I am still trying to contact TaxCut for a refund .
 THIS IS TERRIBLE SOFTWARE . There is supposed to be a 60 day guarantee on this - but all I got was lots of time on hold . They say it but do n't mean it.BAD BAD software - mismatched numbers and forms , etc.Buy another brand or just get the fill in form from the IRS . Much better than this garbage . DO N'T BUY THIS - YOU WILL PROBABLY BE SORRY !!!!
 The original DOS version of TurboTax beat this bloody . I ca n't believe H&R Block put their name on this product . It is an embarrassment to a shocking degree .
 I purchased this product thinking it would allow me to do an Individual with a Schedule C income tax return . Imagine my surprise when I saw that this product did not have any 1040s or Schedule C 's included . It is my mistake for not reading the fine print cloesely . However , I give some of the blame to Turbo Tax for not conspicuously displaying the fact that the software is ONLY for corporations and nonprofits . This sofware was useless to me as an Sole Proprietorship .
 I was never able to use the bag . On the first attempt it just fell off from shoulder and slight burst . It was simply a waste of money . Was very disappointed with purchase . Bag is very heavy .
 Very dissatisfied with the quality of the workmanship of this product . Purchased 4 of these bags & the sewing immediately started falling apart .
 This software ca n't process the info you enter from your w2 correctly . When it comes to capital gains and losses you may as well read the IRS instructions .
 I 've been using Turbotax for a few years now , and decided to try Taxcut this year simply because it was less expensive . It was a mistake . Taxcut was not able to update to the latest version , even tho it kept trying . I finally had to manually update the version , but Taxcut still did not recognize it . None of my forms would print without the update . I then bought Turbotax and was finished with my taxes in 1.5 hours . The difference between what Taxcut said I owed and what Turbotax said I owed was $ 1300 , well worth the higher price of Turbotax .
 Attempted to complete my tax return . Got to an entry from a K-1 , put in the amount , and whamo ... whole system just crashed . When I sent the error report Microsoft , they said there was no fix . So I called Tax Cut . Sure enough , there is no fix and if you have to enter an amount on this line of the Federal return , you ca n't use this software !!!!! How can they put out a product that they know does n't work ???? BTW , when the system crashed , it lost entirely the return I was working on . Do n't buy this .
 I am afraid that this will be the last year I will use TaxCut after using it for at least the past six years . The program added over $ 6000 of extra 1099-misc income into my return . It was just there out of the blue . No entry , no name from whom it came from just an extra $ 6,000 of income out of thin air . Not a good thing . Luckily , I caught it .
 Ordered a CD ROM and received a 3.5 '' FLOPPY DISC ! Who the hell has a FLOPPY disc in 2012 ?? Sending it back .
 This product was purchased because we needed a OSX Mac version . however it was not mac os x enough for the computer it was bought for . For OSX you have to be more precise it wo n't work on the OSX Intel series computers . Now I have a piece of software I ca n't use and I thought I had researched it well . Click n design has dropped the product so I am up the creek . and I am not happy about it .
 The program wo n't do motion menus , and it tells you when you start up that it wants to run with only a few colors instead of normal resolution so you know that it is n't very advanced . Then I have tried several different hardware configurations and I am using XP with several different codec settings and the dumb program keeps crashing , I 'm not really into updating into the beta versions of software but I think you going to have to in order to get your moneys worth out of this program . I have gotten it to work with really common compression settings like Microsft DV AVI but nothing else though and really small movies , not large ones . I 'd say it 's more like $ 10 rather than $ 500 .
 The features supposedly supported by this program sound great , but the program crashes or errors out every time . A major disappointment for a piece of software this expensive.Bottom line
 CAUTION , be forewarned by my experiences
 I was a worldmate customer when they first came out on palm years ago and i loved it ... they always seemed to be able to come out with better and better products until recently!Now they are not even able to give me correct information - the clocks are wrong , the weather unreliable and the flight information is incomplete ... I am still giving it a 2 star because they used to be good ...
 DVD Studio Pro 2 does not work . It quits seconds after is launched . I was told that this version -LRB- 2.0.0 -RRB- does not work on Intel based computers . I own a Macbook Pro purchased from Amazon in 2008 . Apple does not offer an update to version 4.1 .
 very difficult , big hassle pinpointing dots , I am very disappointed with this program a waste of time and money just to let people know so they are n't disappointed as i was
 THIS IS NOTHING LIKE I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE , VERY DIFFICULT TO FIGURE OUT AND NOTHING LIKE IT APPEARED TO BE ... VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS ITEM ...
 Amazon needs to do a better job of who they have selling on their web site . Received obvious copied disc not original windows item . Had bogus code for verification . To make a long story short I went to ebay to buy the un-opened Microsoft version of the software . The software itself works fine , although I am an Mac OS fan which I believe is much more user friendly than Microsoft OS . Needed a windows OS to interface with work computer . Check out the seller before you buy on Amazon , I always check on ebay also which has easier web site to find seller info than amazon .
 Please do not buy from this buy -LRB- Joel Perez -RRB- What i ordered , was XP Pro for system builders , instead I received the OEMsealed as if it was new ... everything seemed original so i decided to keep iti gave a good rating to this seller thinking that everything was Ok but a few days later after Microsoft updated itself , the Genuine message came up sayingthat copy is NOT GENUINE . When it try to contact that seller , he is not longer available .
 COUNTERFEIT SOFTWARE ! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT FROM THIS VENDOR !! Once loaded , unable to pass the Windows Genuine Advantage -LRB- WGA -RRB- test for Microsoft Genuine software . Logged onto the XP forums and if the software does not pass the WGA test , it is considered a counterfeit software . With the WGA diag tool , the included CD is a RETAIL version of XP Pro and NOT the OEM system builders version . No response from the seller with my querries .
 The software they sent was a valid XP cd but the COA is counterfeit - all valid XP professional COA 's have a `` 1-2 CPU '' indication - theirs does not - I 've been through this before . It could be their supplier instead of them , but what difference does that make ? If they refund my money , I 'll update this .
 When I tried to validate this software with Microsoft by using the product code , the validation was denied . Apparently someone had previously used this product code to install the product on his computer . Therefore this purchase is totally useless and I have simply lost the money I paid for it .
 the cd i got from this seller didnt work . I emailed him about it and he just gave me a different code for xp . it didnt resolve my problem at all and now i have to buy another cd .
 Item took over two weeks two arrive , when it finally arrived it was sent back in his packaging unopened . Seller refused to issue a refund even though the item was returned luckily Amazon refunded the money and will be going after the seller.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !! I have been buying and selling stuff on the internet for years and this is the first time I have EVER written a bad review , this seller is not professional and gave no communication .
 Do n't waste your money . Just because it says Britannica does not make it good . Extremely disappointed . Very little information , 2 video clips . Give me a break . I was ripped off .
 I love the Encyclopedia Britannica , I have it on my bookshelf and on my computer , the DVD is one of my very favorite pieces of software and is a great buy . But this ` book ' is merely the articles related to the subject pulled from the Encyclopedia Britannica , it is a collection of articles and not really a book at all . Very little if any thing in this ` book ' is unique , nearly everything in it can be found in the Encyclopedia . The Britannica company has pulled a fast one with software books like this one , they cut a small piece from their Encyclopedia and sell it at an inflated price . It does n't make any sense to buy these little marked up software pieces , when the whole can be had for less than the sum of it 's parts .
 I bought the CD `` Encyclopedia Britannica Profiles
 This software is , in a nutshell , mediocre . It seems that not much thought was put into the program . I mean , come on ... at least have full screen multimedia video clips . . not cheesy little scenes that you could view on your cell phone screen.All in all , I 'm definitely not impressed ... as far as content , what I read so far seemed fine , it 's just that the design and layout of the interface was very poorly configured .
 I love the Encyclopedia Britannica , I have it on my bookshelf and on my computer , the DVD is one of my very favorite pieces of software and is a great buy . But this ` book ' is merely the articles related to the subject pulled from the Encyclopedia Britannica , it is a collection of articles and not really a book at all . Very little if any thing in this ` book ' is unique , nearly everything in it can be found in the Encyclopedia . The Britannica company has pulled a fast one with software books like this one , they cut a small piece from their Encyclopedia and sell it at an inflated price . It does n't make any sense to buy these little marked up software pieces , when the whole can be had for less than the sum of it 's parts .
 I am not sure about this product . I had a heck of a time getting it to install then it did not show me any restored files . I eventually got my files back but I do n't think it is from this program . I ca n't recommend it .
 I think $ 69 is even too much for a software that an undergratuate student can even put together for a project.Not intuitive or functional in any sense I would use either MS Office or WordPerfect Suite.Don ' t waste your money this software will be free soon.Another failed attempt @ Microsoft , way to go SUN : - -RRB-
 StarOffice 7 is a good basic package that has some neat twists to it . The files products are actually XML and the sxw file format is a an archive file that 's compatible with the ZIP utilities.On the whole , it works well . There can be some oddities though when you save files as Microsoft Office documents . I 've had a number of people find the files get ... a bit rearranged when opened in different versions of Office.The interface is a bit nicer than with OpenOffice , but OpenOffice 1.1 seems more stable on my various Linux systems . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 After buying Star Office , I should have been wise and relized that you get what you pay for . First off , the Java problem , MS does not have Java in their operating system anymore . You have to try to find it or use the buggy mess on your pc . It causes problems on your computer , popping up with Java script errors.More delight , when converting files from MS Office they change ??? What is going on with this , did the people who wrote this live on Mars or something ... . More problems , the icons on the screen are un-readable they are so tiny and sometimes they do not display correctly . This was a mistake , I hope it the java un-installs with the rest of this Star Office to the recycle bin on my desktop.Next stop , buying MS Office something that works , and does not require a computer science degree to operate ... I recommend MS Office , it actually works and is used by ALL home users and businesses !
 This needs java to run and it is the worst plug-in you can put on your PC . It causes run-time script errors and helps you download viruses on you computer . The Open office is worse than this , if you use either versions of these Office suites your computer will crash and never work right again . I am happy I have a backup , because I had to ghost my computer after this StarOffice install.Now after installing MS Office 2003 , I am not pleased with myself wasting money on StarOffice .
 This product failed to convert files correctly , thus causing data to be lost.Stay away , just buy the norm MS Office .
 First off , this has to be the worst Office suite I have ever purchased . It does not convert files correctly , or if it does it must be in a foreign language or something . There is NO email application ? What the heck do use for email , well I guess there is no market for email any longer ... . Anyways , I find that the icons in the applications are hard to read , something to do with Java . Just do yourself a favor and just use MS Office it works !
 Well , for starters you have to have Javaand Microsoft no longer has Java . Soafter searching to find it and installingit , BIG mistake . The buttons are veryhard to read and it is slooowww loading!Now for the other problems , it doesNOT convert data correctly from MS Excel , it changes and what it can not convertit is left with question marks . Whathappened to my data ! Horrible , is theonly word that can describe this product.I wasted my money on this , I went andpurchased MS Office 2003 and have beencompletely satified , because it works !
 Absolutely the worst Office Suite I have ever used and purchased . If you want to be aggravated by non-working applications , errors coverting MS Office Docs , Excel spread-sheets and database-java script errors then this is for you.For the rest of the user community use MS Office 2003 , I purchased this and I am never considering anyother alternative .
 This requires the Java plug-in from Sun.com and itcauses errors , plus the download is huge in size.If you want a REAL Office Suite look no furtherthan Microsoft Office 2003-it is the BEST .
 Words can not describe or stars for that matter since I can not go into the negative zone the amount of BS that Sun has spewed out over the years ... Keep on try Scott !!!!!! ...
 The product is fine for people who do n't really need all the sophisticated features of MSOffice.I tried to use it as an alternative for Excel and Powerpoint , but there were big ! problems with compatibility when I tried to exchange files with my colleagues and friends . Only the most plain Excel sheets and presentations can be exchanged without losing some style information or document intelligence.MS Word files can be handled quite well , but there will be always something missing , esp if you make use of some specific features -LRB- e.g. automatic inclusion of chapter caption in the header , macros , . . there is a lot of that -RRB- . And very very often there will be some objects that lost their right position.The product is o.k. , esp . considering the price . But do n't get it , if you want it / need it all !
 Glad I did not pay for this . I like OpenOffice functionality better , plus it is free . I like OO as a replacement MSOffice where my clients ca n't / wo n't get MS licenses .
 Since this is the best choice you have after the MS offer Sun forget to consider more OS Upport -LRB- OS/2 which had support when Sun bougth Star Division -RRB- Lotus Smart Suite filters , macro compatibility -LRB- i do n't want the viruses , but many ppl used to have lot of macros and depends on them for every day work -RRB- . I would love to see those think fixed , specially the OS/2 support
 This has to be the worst office suite I have ever used . It caused my computer to crash because of java . Since this episode , I have purchased MS Office and spent even more money.Do yourself a favor and just use software that works . MS Office 2003 is like a life saver !
 The problems I had with this product are as follows ; it has problems converting some cells over to MS Excel and gives invalid data . This happened numerous times and left me wondering what other data was changed . It is slow starting and uses a lot of machine while running . Overall , I went back to MS Office , because it works . This is to much tinkering ...
 After using this I came to the conclusion you get what you pay for . This does not include an email client , so therefore this not complete . Plus , you have to download java and the buttons are impossible to read in the applications like writer and so on . If possible I would give this a negative 5 star rating , so in closing I purchased Microsoft Office 2003 and I am very pleased with it .
 We are always looking for ways to save money , this is just another . BUT , after spending the money to buy this software I was very disappointed . What they do not tell you is this product uses Java ! It is very slow , buggy and is almost like a virus on your pc . You have to enable java to run , thus inviting java based viruses on your computer.Second , the most critical part Star Office does NOT convert files from MS Office correctly . It alters the data , and this can cause big time problems when the information such as tax documents and so on.Lastly , I wound up spending more money buying MS Office , which I should have done in the first place . Another flaw with this software , NO email client ... . How is this a office suite , plus it use to be free . So in other words you get what you pay for and this was horrible !
 Needless to say , after installing this Office Suite made by Sun my problems began . It does require Java to be downloaded for it to work correctly and the screen fonts are one word ` horrible ' . If you need to save money or on a budge go ahead and buy Microsoft Office 2003 Student and Teacher edition or you can get it when you buy a new pc . I will use these Star Office cd 's as coasters on my computer desk .
 To sum this up in two words , ` no functionality ' ... If want your data to be converted over incorrectly , datalost , and java script errors this is for you.I will always use MS Office to prepare my information , this was a disaster .
 First off you need to install Sun 's Java , on a dial upconnection the download is huge and would take hours toinstall it . This is required and once installed it takesover the machine generating Java exception errors.Second , it does NOT convert Excel spreadsheets correctlyleaving ### -LRB- hash marks -RRB- in the cells.Third , I can not think of anything this can do other thanconsume tons of memory and generate java errors .
 If you want an alternative to MS Office , that is also compatible with MS Office , use Open Office . You can find it under the Google search term Open Office . It 's a free download , and just as good as Office 2003 . You get a Word application , a spreadsheet application , and a PowerPoint application . All are compatible with Office 2003 .
 To say one thing positive was when I UN-installed this horrible Java exception bug software . Anyone who installs the Sun Java to work with Star Office has ruined their system.It has costed me over $ 100 at a pc repair center to reload Windows and I had to buy MS Office!ARRG , I am not happy !
 I find the buttons in the window applications very difficult to read . This software uses java which is very slow and buggy . Plus , if you try to convert MS files over , something is always changed , which this poses a big problem . In the end it is best to use MS Office , it actually works .
 I left the Microsoft Office monopoly a while back . And let me say there is better stuff than Star Office out there for free . Programs like Open Office can do word processing , spreadsheets , web pages , and power-point like projects and have updates , unlike Star Office . Do yourself a favor and do n't touch this cheap clone .
 Anyone who writes reviews on StarOffice as excellent have not used this ` office_suite ' . For starters when converting files from MS Excel it converts some columns to ' # ' signs . This is a great concern because this was my billing cycle that was messed up because of this . Next the whole deal with SLOW loading , plus it gets some java run-time errors . Then I started getting java script errors , to say the least it messed up my workstations and I had to re-load the operating system on another.If you want files that are incomplete , data that is missing , or overall total file destruction this is for you .
 I bought this product thinking I 'd have a PDF generator that was cost effective and would be simple to use . WRONG ! Firstly files that I 've saved suddenly would n't open and had to be generated and saved again - and again - and yet again ! Then , files I 've emailed to people sometimes wo n't open -LRB- I sent 3 files to 1 person - he could open 2 but not the 3rd ! -RRB- . Finally the software just stopped working altogether when I 'd done NOTHING to my PC -LRB- this after about 7 days -RRB- . Finally , the customer service is non existant . You have to post messages on a forum - and no one has as yet answered mine -LRB- the forum is full of questions asking for fixes to various bugs - that is , its like a beta version you 're buying -RRB- , and finding an email address is nearly impossible - I think I found one for the customer care dept , but as no one has bothered to answer it I 'm not so sure.My advise in one breath is quite simple - AVOID IT !!!!
 the cd broke write in half when i ngot it this is a damn piece of shit
 A friend of mine who has no idea how to use google asked me for an opinion of whether or not to buy this CD.It was an automatic NO since these types of offers are always just limited shareware / timed trialware versions of commercial software compiled onto the cheapest polymer CD made and normally sold on convenience store counters next to the caffeine pills and bath salts.But , in just in case you remain intrigued and either believe it is too cheap to pass up or you 'd like to waste your time by learning more about this collection of free crap , refer to the appended list -LRB- downloaded from ggoooooogle -RRB- about the contents . Then , after you 've voluntarily ripped yourself off by paying for this collection of free crap , you should walk to your nearest neighborhood bank and donate some money to the wealthiest looking employee there before going to your local pub to buy free matches.All of the following software applications are freely available to download and some may or may not work on Vista and Windows7 , they wo n't work on Windows 8 because not even Windows8 works on Windows8 ! 3DNAAccountLogonAcoustica MP3 Audio Mixer & CD/DVD Label MakerACD 5 PowerPakACD Magic VideoAltoMemory BoosterAutoPilot BackupPlusBlackHole OrganizerCall Soft ProCD AnywhereCTUbe!Cursor XPDesktopAuthorDuMeterE-motional Images Screen Saver Express AssistEzMacrosFinePrintFTP VoyagerGhostSurf ProICUIIImage Converter PlusInAFlashProKoala HTMLLiveWire ! BroadcastMedia DigitizerMidiNotateMorphMan4MoveMeObjectBarOutback PlusPanda PlatinumPC RemotePicoZipPocoMailRamDisk XPRegCompactorRegistry First AidRegistry MechanicScopeware VisionSecureIESleuthhoundSmartDrawSnagItSpam InterceptorSpySweeperStarfish Family MailStickyNotesStretchBreakStuffIt Standard 8.0 SureTypeSurfSaverSyncroMagicSystem MechanicTalking TranslatorProTextAloud MP3TradeTrakkerTransparentLockSaverTurboBrowserTweakingToolBox XPTweakMasterTweakNowUlead Gif Animator 5.0 Ulead Video Studio 7.0 UltraEdit 10UltraMouseUniversal Document ConverterURUninstaller2003VideoConverterWatermill 3D Screensaver
 I have given this item 1 star because there is nothing lower . It might be a good product , I will never know . The first thing you will find is that in order to view the product you will need to download a software package costing an additional $ 15 . The next thing you will find is that if you want a refund from Amazon , you will pay the shipping because this is not their fault -LRB- even though this is not mentioned in the description -RRB- . The next thing you will find is that if you delete the program on your computer you will lose shared files .
 I was looking forward to recieving this software , only to find out that you can only use the store you create with a Windows server . It would have been nice to know that before I bought it .
 I have found this program extremely hard to understand and use . I own frontpage , and think that it is much easier to navigate and get things accomplished . This program is not for begginers and I am in desperate need of help with it , but ca n't seem to find that either . Manual or not - I do not like this program .
 After installing Save & Restore , my CD/DVD became unusable -LRB- in Vista -RRB- . It turns out that S&R inserts a parameter into the Registry that corrupts the CD/DVD driver . I went to the Microsoft support site and learned how to safely fix the registry -LRB- one deletion -RRB- . After that , I uninstalled S&R and rebooted the system , and the CD/DVD works again . This product does n't do incremental backups and is clumsy to configure . Do n't bother .
 -LRB- This is my first fully negative review of software . Normally I would n't bother anyone ... -RRB- Like most users , by the time you 've bought a Vista backup program you already experienced or dealt with issues and solved a large number of them . I 'm no different in that repect ; my expectations are low so that I 'm never disappointed . Well , I 'm more than disappointed in S&R ; 2.1 - My latest experience with my supposedly automated weekly backup to a 320 GB USB2 drive is fairly typical . Details vary from week to week , but the outcome is the roughly the same
 Norton Save and Restore V2 .0 After installing the software I found that it does n't support incremental or differential backups , nor does it allow scheduling of backups to DVD drives . So I returned it .
 Look , this is a waste of your time . Indian support which gives you no answers . Ran for 48 hours and failed three times . It just does n't work . If you want something that works and has great support look for NovaBACKUP . These guys really work with you and make sure the product does what it claims . It 's the same price and 1000 times better.I rely heavily on Reviews when I shop at Amazon , so wanted to be sure and make sure to warn people as well as recommend things as I buy them . Norton did give me a full re-fund but it cost me a week to get it back . Hope this helps ... good luck !
 I wanted a simple way to clone my laptop drive to an external drive so that in the event of a failure , I could simply swap the drives . The software seemed to work just fine and gave no error messages . I swapped drives to test and guess what , I was unable to logon to Windows . It would prompt me for my password and then say `` logging off '' . I have used shareware software that worked better , albiet slower . I would not recommend this software for anyone looking to perform full didsk-to-disk backups .
 What good can I say about this product ? They really screwed up everything that could be screwed up . The interface is cluttered . Options that should be together are spread throughout the program . It wo n't back up a network-attached drive , which makes it pretty close to worthless for people with home networks.If you want to cherry pick your backups , you might expect a tree view where you could click all the folders you want to back up . Sorry . You pick them through a chooser , and it is a real pain . Who thought of this ?! It also mysteriously takes forever on occasion . No , it 's not a full backup that is the reason . It sometimes compares the system to an incremental to begin the incremental , and that can take longer than a full backup . This does n't happen often , but when it does , you might as well do a full.If you change drive letters on a drive , it stupidly ca n't figure out how to do the backups , and you ca n't just provide a new drive letter . The solution is to start the backups from scratch , near as I can tell.It is really fast for drive-to-drive copying ... but it fails 100 % of the time for me . After 99 % is finished , it always complains about a sector allocation -LRB- on a verified good drive -RRB- and dies.I 've had it with Symantec . Everything I 've bought from them in the last few years is on the shelf . No more .
 My main hard drive was failing , I had to clone it to a new one , quick!I had rebuilt my computer recently , so my installed copy of Norton Save and Restore no longer thought it was Activated . I tried the online activation system with the key in the packaging , but the online system did n't work . I called the 1-800 number for phone activation , there was no option for activating Norton products.Finally I got ahold of someone , who gave me a different number to call . I called the new number , told them what I needed , I was put on hold multiple times while they tried to figure it out , transferred me to three different people . Finally after being on the phone for an hour and talking to four people , they were able to activate my software by phone.I tried cloning my failing main drive to a new one . . but , Norton wants to write a log file to the drive first , which it had trouble doing , because the drive is failing ! Because it could not WRITE to the drive , it refused to clone it!I gave up on Norton , found some FREE drive cloning software from Easus , that boots from a CD -LRB- does not need to be installed on the drive you are trying to copy -RRB- . It worked perfectly , but it makes me wonder if all those hours wasted on Norton could have caused my drive to crash before I got it copied safely.Also , Norton Save and Restore installs some kind of virus protection software which I did not want , and slows the whole system down , and keeps asking me to renew my subscription . All I want to do is clone a drive ! It should not be that complicated!I guess Peter Norton is happy living in his big mansion on Martha 's Vineyard , with all the money he made selling out to Symantec . Well , his name is still on this software , and I bought it because I trusted the Norton name . Never again ! From now on I will know there is always a cheaper and better solution out there than any Norton product .
 Most new computers will come with Windows 7 installed . This product is NOT compatible with Windows 7 32bit OR 64bit systems . Symantec does not plan on making it compatible with Windows 7 so do n't waste your money . If you plan on investing your money spend it on a software that will support the current operating system in the market . I paid for the $ 60.00 for this software last year and now this year it is worthless to me with Windows 7 . Buyer beware , Symantec wants to make money off of you with every new operating system release .
 I 'm glad I got this as a gift and did n't waste my own money on this piece of junk . Like other reviewers , half the time it ca n't find the drive I 'm storing the backups on . I 'm using a network-attached storage drive and have had no problems with my drive from any other program . It took three tries before it completed a full backup of my C drive . I have it set to back up every Sunday night at 10 pm and keep at most 3 recovery points . Well my NAS drive is cluttered with these recovery points and every time I start my computer I get a popup window telling me S&R is starting a full backup of my C drive and asking if I want to allow the backup now . I click NO , and almost immediately the same window pops up . If I click YES or ignore the window , it creates a recovery point -LRB- when it can find my NAS drive , that is -RRB- and then the window pops up again . The first time , I sat for ten minutes clicking NO over and over again while trying to search Norton 's website for an answer as to why this was happening and how to stop it . Finally I found in the user manual instructions on how to run services.msc and disable the program . I have to do this every time I start my computer now unless I want to be endlessly annoyed by popup windows . Every time I go into the settings , they 're different than what I have set . Not that it really matters since it does n't listen to the settings anyway . I just keep the program disabled all the time and then enable it on Sundays at 10 pm when I actually want it to do the backup . So much for automatic scheduling . I suppose if something does happen to my hard drive I 'll be glad I have this program , but for now it 's just a giant headache .
 I do all my PC assemblies and Software installations for my company and I have a ton of experience here . I am about 9 out of 10 in experience and troubleshooting and I am not bragging either.I installed this thing with the idea of a simple `` ONE TIME Backup '' for a newly formatted OS of Vista and it did work somewhat . The problem came with one PC which could NOT boot the recovery CD to a Norton Menu for recovering the OS.I called Symantic and here is the insanity that followed.First there was an issue called `` Driver Mining '' with creating the recovery CD which should be child 's play . The CD needed to be created since one PC would not boot the Save and restore CD . So now after 5 calls to Norton they are still doing research on this but it tells me that they have NO idea as s to what is happening to this lousy software product.I have currently 3 PCs all perfect with Save and Restore on them and ALL are having the Driver Mining issues now . One is even a WINXP PC so its a problem with the program.On top of that I tried installing the program using Norton security running the Virus protection also thinking Mcaffee could be the problem . Then I found out that when installing Save and Restore with Norton Internet Security in the background I was having catastrophic crashes now . I removed Norton security and it went in just fine then . These people are not even compatible with there own software too.Finally they offered me a New version of Ghost since they are lost after not returning 4 phone calls to date . This company as far as I am concerned is History and is NOT worth even considering with any software at all now.Between the rudeness of not returning calls and spending countless hours with them for nothing I am officially done with Symantic as a company now.I used to admire their Internet Security years ago but no more.If you do not need the Recovery CD I guess this could work for you but it just shows me they can not produce software that works anymore.buy this at your own risk and I think soon Symantic will go the way of most pathetic companies unless corporate business keeps them alive .
 Do not buy this product!It is not , and will never be , supported by Windows 7 . I bought this product a few months ago , and it is useless for me now . Norton will only give me a $ 20 discount to buy ` Ghost 15 ' which is their only backup solution that will be supported by Windows 7 . This means that after I paid $ 50 for this product they want me to pay another $ 50 to make it work.Note that most versions of Vista and Windows 7 already come with a built-in backup solution .
 works great when it works . Inconsistent back ups of my hard drive usually work but when they do n't , might as well bring a sleeping bag . Tried to reinstall , which initially solved problem a few times but then even did an `` update '' which left me disappointed . Save your money before you lose your sanity .
 Terrible is all I have to say . When this thing downloads updates , your internet connection comes to a screeching halt ! Scans take over an hour . I 'll never buy again .
 I bought this to replace Trendmicro . I prefer Trendmicro . This software might work but it tends to do some annoying things.The Bad1 -RRB- It does slow down my machine more than trendmicro did , but not as much as McAfee2 -RRB- I get random popup balloons from windows telling me I 'm not protected with a firewall yet the software is clearly on .3 -RRB- When I got to get updates to any software other than windows I have to reset the software in panda , do n't remember needing to do that with others .4 -RRB- Since installation my wireless connection needs constant reseting.The good1 -RRB- it was free after the rebates . Given a choice I 'll be switching back to Trendmicro .
 This software only got one star because I couldnt give it a zero . It never worked on my Windows XP computer . I couldnt open the program , couldnt close it , couldnt get the sytem to shut down . After a hard shutdown , Windows would not start . Tech support couldnt figure out the problem . I uninstalled Panda , reinstalled Norton and system is working fine . I would not recommend .
 I agree with many of these reviewers . We 've had PANDA IS2007 on a laptop & PC -LRB- both XP SP2 -RRB- for the last year , installed by and at the recommendation of our computer repair place after our PC crashed due to major malware infestations last fall.PANDA is probably pretty good at detecting & dealing with viruses , malware , intrusions , etc. but the program can develop major glitches without warning . Then you 're stuck trying to use the inadequate support section on their website -LRB- Note to PANDA
 Panda has the most astonishingly bad tech support I have ever encountered . If you do get a response from them , it could be weeks or months later . Their AV technology is really great -- I am convinced that Panda provides some of the best AV and spyware protection -- but the nearly nonexistent support means I 'll `` just say no '' to Panda next time . If I could give it a `` four and a half stars '' for protection , and a `` minus two '' for support , I would.P.S .
 Panda deleted 3 of the files in my favorites each time it downloaded updates . I contacted panda and did what they instructed , but the program still deleted these files . Panda also slowed my computer to an almost stop each time it was downloading updates . I removed panda and installed Norton , and have had no further problems .
 I bought this 1 week ago at a local Staples . . The box makes it sound like the solution to all your problems . . It also says they offer tech support 24 X 365 . . Sounds great ... . the problem is . . it will not install on my computer . I keep getting a message to remove NORTON ANITVIRUS before I can install Panda . I removed NORTON and it no longer can be found thru control panel , remove software or thru a search of my hard drive.PANDA still will not install . I keep getting the same message . UNINSTALL NORTON.So I tried to contact tech support per the box . I found out they offer tech support 24 x 365 via email . I have sent 3 emails in a week and have received no response.Bottom line is I have a product I can not use . . TECH SUPPORT does not exist . It deserves 0 stars in my book . Spend your money somewhere else .
 I was not happy with this product , it does not do the job . Will not buy again .
 I have just wasted 4 hours of my time recovering from the botch job this product 's installation process made of my 5 month old PC -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- . It is a disaster ...
 The package states it works with windows vista , but the truth is it does not.At installation the programs tries to `` upgrade '' windows vista DirectX 10 to Direct 9c ? , what ever it means.I posted a support ticket for Nero and I ` m waiting for an answer .
 I do n't care if it works for you now , but sooner or later this software is going to jack up your computer so bad that you will have to do a total destructive reformat of your hard drive . This is especially true when you get the so called up dates . Burning is inconsistent . One day you can , one day you can not . The major problem is the deadly `` device error '' causing a `` dump '' , which will sometimes start up 5 minutes after you start every time and will destroy all your current work . Do n't take my word for it if you do not believe me - buy and try . And customer service ? A joke .
 I received the basic program from Sony with my DVD drive . The basic edition . I could not get it to load on my computer without my computer crashing . So I bought the full Nero 7 Ultra Edition Enhanced version and download the update . On trying to install it my computer it continued to crash -LRB- blue screen -RRB- . I try to get help from the company with their 10 day free tech support . They were of no help , said they were going to e-mail me instructions , which I never received . I 've since taking it off my computer and bought the Roxio Easy Media Creator 9 . Much better product !
 Do not buy this program if you have previously had any version of Nero on your computer . I installed the trial version and liked it so I bought the real thing . Big mistake ; $ 80 down the drain . The retail version wo n't install and now even the trial version wo n't reinstall . I tried every cleaner on the Nero website and they still leave pieces behind after crashing while looking for a nonexistent file . All tech support can say is `` download the clean tool '' . By the previous reviews it looks like I 'm not alone . I 'm sure there is a class-action coming.Update - May 6 , 2008
 I purchased Nero 7 Ultra primarily to write Data DVD 's / CD 's and to make backup 's using Differential or Incremental backup techniques . This product is terrible ! The only support is through PDF manuals that you will have to download from their website . Help manuals are not included in the product . But the manuals only provide the painfully obvious information , such as `` Click on the Next button . The Backup source screen will be displayed '' . Nero does not explain that they DO NOT USE the Archive Bit for determining Differential or Incremental Backups , which means every backup job requires a new full backup . Also , after a few days , Nero Backup stopped working altogether with the error message `` Failed to create NBService Object . '' Check the internet . A lot of other users have experienced this same problem . Nero support is UNOBTAINABLE . Take a look at their support website , see the endless set of hoops they want you to go through just to inquire about an error message . Then notice that your email inquiry will not go through because you have n't completed some portion of the form in `` RED . '' There is no portion of the form in red to complete . DO NOT BUY NERO PRODUCTS ! There are too many other decent products out there .
 Early versions of Nero were great
 This warning is for users who already have Nero 6
 In fairness to Nero , I 'll mention up front that I 'm probably not their typical user . I bought the product because I really liked the backup program in Nero 6 , but when I replaced my PC with one running Vista , Nero 6 would n't install on it . I use Nero ShowTime -LRB- for watching DVDs -RRB- and Express -LRB- for burning CDs and DVDs -RRB- too , but not much else.First , the only piece I 've got no complaints about is the CD/DVD burning . It 's obviously the core of the suite and if Nero did n't make that work , nobody would buy the product . Of course , they could n't price it nearly as high as they do without saying it had a lot of other features - making them work is evidently less important to them . As another reviewer mentioned , if this is all you want it for , buy away , but you could probably get something else to do the job for a lot less.As for Nero BackItUp , I am amazed that a program could get so bad so quickly . The version in Nero 6 I 'd rate 9 out of 10 for my purposes . In the new version , jobs you disable so they wo n't run , run anyway . The log file used to contain about 1/3 of a screen full of messages if the backup went OK , and there was no other practical way to tell if the backup had run OK . There is still no other good way to see if a backup ran correctly , but now the log file can run on for 40 pages after a single backup . When I back up My Documents , Nero insists on following the shortcuts to My Music and My Pictures that it finds there and backing up those as well . It gives no indication it 's going to do this until the backup is running . Often I 'll get messages saying that a file that existed when I first created the backup job is no longer there . Well , that 's why I told you what FOLDERS to back up and not what files , because I knew I 'd be adding and deleting files over time . When this happens , I usually get several identical messages -LRB- all indicating the same file -RRB- . Not sure if this means that there were actually multiple files deleted and they only felt like giving me the one name , or what . Also , like Windows Explorer , at the top of the folder hierarchy is an entry called `` Desktop '' , in addition to the folder farther down in the hierarchy which contains the actual files which reside on a specific user 's desktop . Unfortunately , Nero confuses the two , so if you ask it to back up the files on your Desktop , it thinks you mean `` back up ANY FILE YOU CAN FIND , ANYWHERE '' . As for support , talking to yourself would be more productive . I used their web support feature to request help on two of the bugs I found . I got back automated responses saying that they had received my requests and would be in touch . In one of those cases , that was the last I heard from them . On the issue of the Desktop backup , we went back and forth several times in email , and I never got the impression they were doing more than vamping until I got frustrated and gave up . First they wanted screen shots . OK , that 's not unreasonable . Then they wanted me to install the latest updates . OK , it 's not likely that they accidentally fixed the problem , thus explaining why they 'd have no mention of it in their release notes , but tried it . Then they wanted logs from the backup job . Well , if I ca n't get past the problem with the user interface to create a backup job , how can I then run the backup job to get you a log ? And if I could , how would it tell you anything useful ? Finally , they just gave me an answer that was patently false and told me to let them know if I had further inquiries . My further inquiries were ignored . The company is HQ 'd in Germany , so some of the issues might be language related , but it 's lousy support no matter how look at it.As for ShowTime , frequently when I click a button -LRB- FF , pause , etc. -RRB- the audio will just die and the only way I can get it going again is to restart the program.In conclusion , if you 're willing to pay what they 're asking and all you want to do is write CDs and DVDs , go right ahead . If you 're not on Vista and can find a copy of Nero 6 , do that . If you 're interested in any of Nero 's `` accessories '' , get the free trial and test all the functions you 'll use thoroughly . If you want support for anything , maybe you should try learning German .
 I 'm glad I got this garbage for free from my workplace with a Not For Resale sample instead of spending money on it . WOW.All I want to do is burn nice CD 's and DVD 's and make Lightscribe labels on them . Lightscribe looked like such a cool feature . That 's it . Not complicated , right ? I used to use an older version of Nero that worked really well -LRB- back with version 3 , I think -RRB- so I tried the latest version . Big mistake.First , it installed over a DOZEN programs automatically . I actually wanted three of them and the others were either worthless , buggy , or bloated trash of the worst ilk . Think Microsoft Office level bloat , plus Quicktime/RealPlayer style viral invasiveness . It 's a truly asinine , take-over-your-system , buggy , fat blob of really bad software . It 's set to make itself the default program for darn near everything . Did you have iTunes for your music ? Not anymore . Did you like Windows Media Player to play your videos ? Not anymore . Nero will take them all over , and install a search bot to slow down your system constantly plus seven programs that practically no one will ever use . Do you need to edit . wav files on a regular basis ? Me neither , so please do n't install a wav editor program , Nero . I do n't want it . I did n't ask for it , and you did n't even ask me if I wanted it . Yes , it 's true that these settings are modifiable but I am sick and tired of presumptive companies trying to insinuate themselves all over my computer without asking . It 's even worse when their product is garbage.So before I knew it , I had a huge pile of unwanted programs , with file types all messed up and another dumb search box on my tool bar . Man , what a bad omen.Ever the optimist , I figured `` well , if it works well , I 'll just uninstall what I do n't want and everything will be fine . `` Sure , theoretically . Except that uninstallation is a pain , updates are unbelievably slow and error-prone , and the software is wickedly hard to use.Nero 7 was n't Vista compatible when I installed it , so I had to go download the update . Fair enough , since Vista is pretty new and I got the disc a few months ago . Then I found that the ONLY way to update the software is to download the whole suite of bloated programs in FULL ! It 's 337 MB , for God 's Sake ! I have a cable internet connection and it still took literally HOURS to get the update . Want to burn a quick CD before taking off on that drive to dad 's house ? Forget it!So the next day , I finally had the update downloaded . I ran it , and it informed me that it had to completely uninstall the just-installed software in order to update . Wow . So I clicked `` continue , '' and then when my system rebooted , guess what ? A Nero error message popped up -LRB- in English , thankfully - more on that later -RRB- saying that since Nero was n't installed on my computer , I could n't run the update program . Am I taking crazy pills ? Are you serious ? I did n't know what to do so I re-installed everything from the disc and tried again . For whatever reason , it worked the second time.Next up , labeling a disc -LRB- thankfully , Nero Burning ROM did burn a CD nicely -RRB- . Figuring out how to make a simple Lightscribe label was just mind-blowing . The default templates make no sense whatsoever . Just getting a readable label out of my burner wasted two entire afternoons and a half dozen blank discs . I know I 'm not Bill Gates , but I built my computer and installed my software myself so I 'm not a complete rube . Yet I 'm still discovering new ways that Nero messes up labels . The default audio disc template gives you a half inch band of usable space around the middle of the disc . You can put more text on the screen , but it wo n't print , so you 're wasting your time . Oh , and the standard font ? It 's completely unreadable on a Lightscribe disc . Literally - when you click on the disc surface to type some words , the default text settings will result in the final disc being unreadable . God help you if you 'd like a track listing printed on the disc . Half the fonts do n't line up properly for some reason . You can see that they do n't line up when you hit the `` print preview '' button and your text is all cut up , but before that step , it shows them wrong on the main screen . Why is the standard font unreadable ? Why is the default template limited to a tiny strip of text , with no easy way to change it ? Seriously , it 's kind of ridiculous . Lay off the Oktoberfest celebrations until * after * your software is done , OK Hans?I bring up the German thing because I kept getting error messages in German . Some were English , some not . My computer is set for American English and there 's no reason Nero should spout German errors at me , but it did . I have nothing against the German language , but I ca n't read it . Is it unreasonable to ask for messages in a language I can read?I know this review is colored by my frustration with this software , so I apologize . My internal unhappiness meter went off the chart after the sixth wasted Lightscribe disc.What Nero project manager saw this setup , with its 14 separate modules , clumsy interface , horrible update process , and bug-filled operation and said `` THIS is the program of the future ! Let 's release it at once ! `` In conclusion , `` Nero = yuck . ''
 This program is a complete disaster . I was simply using it to burn DVDs and CDs and decided to try editing video . I made a 30 second video and rendered to play on the PC . The quality was terrible with the images jerking about and digital drop out evident . I thought maybe I needed an upgrade so I downloaded the updates . This stupid program requires you to deinstall the older version to install the updates . Unfortunately , to do so ca n't be done in normal Windows add/remove fashion . You have to use a special tool to clean up Nero products from PC . I downloaded the utility and ran it . All evidence of Nero products is supposed to be gone from my PC . I restarted -LRB- as directed -RRB- and tried reinstalling the program from the original disks . It did n't work . It aborts with the following statement : `` Error extracting AdvrCntr2D6EOB790.dll from E
 I have ready many reviews and thought I was ready to use this product . So Ibought this last week . I tried burning a slide show to a dvd disc , I got a burn faild message . I removed and reinstalled the software and tried burning again and still failed . Tech support recommended updating my firmware for my recorder and there is no guaranteed that it will fix the problem . I ca n't get more advice until I do this update . I am not that good with computers so I had to read up what 's a firmware is and then tried to find an update for my SONY DVD + - RW DW-Q58A version uds2 . I gave up after 2 hours . Does anyone know where I can find the new version to download ? and what is the newest version ? This product is not for beginners . I will write more if I ever get to use this product .
 Once I put this thing up on my windoes XP machine , I get a WMS Idle error every time I try to shud down windows . This cause me to need to manually shut down my machine . I de-installed Nero and my machine now operates properly . Looking for another DVD solution .
 What good is software that does n't work?I have used Nero Vision 4 from my Nero Vision 7 Ultra Edition Enhanced successfully before to burn DVDs , but now all of a sudden when I click on `` Burn '' the program puts up a message saying `` Patent Activation Required '' . When , as instructed , I then click on the `` Download '' button , I get a message saying `` Patent activation failed '' and am given only the option of aborting the program . -LRB- I am running no firewall . -RRB- An email to Nero support went unanswered . Shame on Nero for dumping this labor-intensive problem on its paying customers .
 NERO 's rep is not deserved . This is the most frustrating software I have ever had . It ate an entire stack of dvds , with a success of 5 out of 50 . DO NOT BUY THIS . There is NO support . Check the company 's rating with the BBB in Glendale , CA . Awful . The only thing that it really does right is make iPod videos but it takes the entire night !
 I 've been using Nero since V4 and have been pretty content . I had some problems early on with updates but with V4 customer service was still in Germany and very responsive and helpful.Based on their track record over time with updates / upgrades . I actually bought V7 as a complete package in an attempt to avoid this spectre . Too many new features , not fully debugged . All seemed well initially , but each update -LRB- which fix `` bugs '' and provide greater compatibility -RRB- seemed to hammer my overall system performance and increase the errors I get in Nero . While installing the latest -LRB- 7.96 -RRB- , their program insisted on erasing the older version then crashed without installing the newer version . Ever since I have not been able to reinstall using the original discs , the 7.24 update , or the 7.96 update . After 3 weeks of slow response and non-sensible answers from Nero 's -LRB- now in the U.S. ? -RRB- customer service -LRB- I 'm convinced they do n't even read their incoming e-mails thoroughly -RRB- , I 'm officially giving up . I 'm buying Roxio today - judging from the Amazon reviews it seems I may be jumping from the frying pan into the fire , but ...
 This is one of the worst software products it has ever been my misfortunte to install . That is , try to install . Downloading at rates that remind me of acoustic coupler days . Failed updates that disable the software and cripple the operating system . And a download `` contact '' option that leads only to FAQs , instead of contact information . Save yourself major headaches - plus hours of your life - and find another way .
 Nero is a joke piece of software . It 's a sure way to mess up your entire operating system as if you try to fix faults using Nero 's help a nice utility they tell you to use disables many other pieces of software . I was previously an Easy CD Creator fan but after a few minor glitches and a frustration with the lack of a DAO mode I switched to Nero . The WORST software decision I ever made.It killed Easy CD , killed my photo software , killed my mp3 player 's software , it has rendered my CD/DVD burner such that it I can now only burn CDs using one brand of CD and can not burn ANY DVDS . It constantly falls over . . it constantly collapses in updates locking my computer requiring a complete re-installation every time I try to do an upgrade.Customer support ha ha ha you must be joking . Read their own website and weep . My recent experience I sent them the log file . they took 8 days to reply requesting the log file . I sent it again . They take 9 further days to reply and say update your software and update your driver firmware both steps I 'd already done . And a sorry we ca n't help anymore!And just try to uninstall it . . it leaves all your messed up settings intact needing a complete reinstallation of the machine . But ooops they 've got you because the DVD burner and MP3/Remote hard drive is wrecked you ca n't back up the data to reload . . so its lose all your data!Don ' t buy this unless you want to wreck your computer !
 I have never written an online review . I always thought it was waste of time . I am so frustrated with this product that I am forced to write a review on this product so that people know what they are getting into if they are thinking of buying it.This product has never worked from day 1 . DVDs burned with this product have trouble playing with DVD systems . Video looks choppy when you are playing.You will be lucky if you managed to burn DVDs . Sometime it will get stuck sometimes for hours and does nothing.They have F 'd up customer support . You have to pay if you want to talk to them live . They do have email customer support which is free but they ask you back so many questions that you get fed up and end up calling them . This is the worst piece of S **** I have ever bought ! I have never been so frustrated in my life.Please do not go through what I went through !!!!! MuyeenNew York
 What a terrible upgrade . I 'm going to uninstall it and go back to 6 . Even though I specifically told it to leave my file associations alone , it changed every one of them . It 's a nightmare . I 'm still trying to get Nero disassociated with certain file types , to no avail . The backup program is awful , slow and much more difficult to use than the one built into 6 . Overall , Ultra 6 is a much better product . I 'm going to uninstall 7 and send it back to Nero with instructions on where they can associate it .
 I didnt get what i ordered , they sent me the essentials cd not the program itself , i was very dissapointed , but they just dont want to do anything about this , i returned it , but i will not order from this person again .
 Got this a week ago , seems to work great , but ... . it wo n't update ... because ? I DO N'T KNOW ! What a time waster . No help for my problem in faq 's or manual ... the support form looks like it 'll waste more HOURS just to fill out . NOT for business types , I get $ 350 . an hour to work ... nothing to fix NERO . Guess I 'll throw in trash with other time wasters I 've purchased . Software should not BE A PROBLEM ! When my time is stolen without any results to show for it ... . I have to try another product .
 This reads as a CD-ROM , but needs a DVD drive in your computer to be read . Of course , I opened the box , so I now can not return the software . From reading the other reviews , this product sounds like crap anyway .
 I bought Nero 6 about 18 months ago and basically it has been dormant on my computer the entire time.It is extremely difficult and will only perform basic functions that free software often does better.After purchasing this product I found out that to get most functions an expensive upgrade was needed . Do not buy 7 .
 NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT THAT 'S WORTH ANYTHING ! PROGRAM DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY ! VERY USER UNFRIENDLY ! OTHERWISE I WISH I WOULD NOT HAVE PURCHASED IT ! NEED SOMETHING THE AVERAGE COMPUTER NUT CAN USE EFFECTIVELY !
 I have n't found anything that works REAL well and a lot that it wo n't let you do .
 It 's just a lot of flash that does nothing more than what your Windows XP Media Center Edition PC will already do .
 When the personal computer revolution began in 1981 , there was a time when everyone associated with computers had a halo surrounding them . Words like `` brainiac '' were widely promulgated and the term `` geek '' was about to spring fully assembled into the Oxford English Dictionary . Personal computers were command driven then , there were even keys which you could use to lock your computer , people even took to wearing these keys around their necks as status symbols , much like teenage girls wear a boyfriend 's ring on a gold chain . By 1995 , with the invention of the Netscape browser , the hero worship and cult status surrounding all things computer began to fade as crimes were being committed using software and technology , and soon , used car salesmen noticed their reputations rising next to a corresponding decline in the reputations of computer and software wizards . Nero 7 is an aptly named piece of personal computer software - your computer burns while the makers of this software fiddle in the ruins.Right out of the box , the subtrefuge was noticeable . A tutorial disk , touted on the box cover as a tool that would get you up and running quickly , was not included . When I called the manufacturer using an 800 number , I was told I could go on line for the tutorial . When I tried that tack , I noticed the tutorial failed to cover important aspects of how to operate the programs . I spent hours trying to make sense of the spinning panorama of icons . Not once did the software catalog displayed on my screen match the songs that were actually on my hard drive . Not once did the program ever burn or copy or create a CD of song titles from my hard drive . Not once did any single useful function ever occur as the result of installing this software . Not once did I hear any music . I do give the manufacturers of Nero 7 credit for one thing . They have invented one of the most sophisticated methods ever devised to separate an individual from $ 99 .
 I 've owned Version 7 Ultra for more than a year . Just reinstalled to my new computer and Nero gives me `` Patent Activation Failure '' -LRB- their term for installing the software on more than one computer -RRB- . Many emails to Nero customer service have gone without reply . Guess once they have your money , that 's all that matters . I suggest you try Roxio first .
 I bought this mainly as a disk drive back up solution . It turned out to be a huge mistake . No wonder it was discounted so much ! The backup software is difficult to use and has an unusually awkward and confusing interface . It also would not allow me to restore the backup onto the partition I had created . It kept creating its own partition to restore into no matter what ! There is a checkbox to have it fit the restore into an existing partition , but this never seemed to work . The prompts it uses for you to put in the next disk are non-existant . On both the backup and restore you are left wondering what to do or click . Why does n't it just prompt you to put in the next disk , etc. ... ? The CD/DVD burning software had an equally awkward interface . Does n't the manufacturer have ANY common sense ?????? This software should not even be given away , never mind sold ! It 's an embarrassment .
 I purchased nero 8 . It does n't install properly and they have the worst customer service I have ever experienced . Over two weeks to get a response to your tech question , or you get to pay $ 1.29 per minute . I called their regular customer service line and waited on hold until they closed .
 Full of bugs , lack of technical support-CD and MP3 files skip-can not burn CD 's without clicks . Impossible to fix . Do n't waste your money !
 The computer that I bought June 2006 came with Nero 6 OEM version . It has worked very well . I finally got around to clicking on the upgrade icon and ordered what I thought would be a serial number to unlock some features . It turns out that is not available , and I have bought the Nero 7 Ultra version , which required a 195 MB download . Having dialup , I was not pleased . I asked for my money back . No response . I faxed BBB complaint with copies to Nero offices in California and Germany . The office in Germany responded with email that they do not do refunds . Los Angeles BBB has been unresponsive.I finally got the download from a computer with broadband . I uninstalled Nero 6 and set restore point . I installed Nero 7 . It worked ! But it was agonizingly slow . I do n't mean the CD or DVD writing per se was slow . When I eventually got it going that gave me the full speed of my hardware . However navigating from each click to response felt like it was in a 486 and not an Athlon 64 . I think other programs were also rendered more sluggish in opening files.I uninstalled Nero 7 , and just to be safe I then used restore point from before I installed it . I reinstalled Nero 6 . What a relief ! There may be some fancy features Nero 6 OEM lacks , but it 's worth it to have the computer working at reasonable speed . If I want to rip a music track to a . wav file -LRB- a feature lacking in the OEM version -RRB- , it 's easier to reboot to linux and run K3b than put up with sluggish Nero 7 Ultra to do it.A product and company gone bad ; Nero 7 is definitely not recommended .
 My title saids it all . Do n't be fooled by the friendly interface . Nero 7 has some serious software transcoding problem . AVI , MPEG whatever , it does n't matter . When Nero 7 decide to freeze on transcode , you are not going to burn any videos the entire day.The sad part is that I am writing this as of end of September 2006 . There are plenty of transcode complaints from forums around the web . Updates do n't fix squat . Even down to the Enhanced version.I am excellent on the computer from the technical standpoint , and I buy all top of the line hardware/software . I run my home software 100 % error free for years ... . up until I bought Nero 7 . If my solid plextor DVD writers do n't cut it , thats enough said . People who praise this software high must be burning 5 minute videos . Cause it is quite a challenge to make a 4GB movie with no problem . And that is being generous.Try archiving 16,000 files on a dual layer 8GB DVD . You ca n't . Do n't worry about wasting the disks , you 'll get an unexpected exception error way before it can even open a session . If you think I am up something special , I am not . This simple task can be done on the FREE AVS Media Creator 2.1 . That software takes up only 5MB and out performs Nero 7 and Roxio by a factor of 10 .
 I purchased the retail version of this . It installed fine and then required an upgrade that replaced the installed version . The update came without integrated help files . They had to be downloaded separately . Once installed the software , no matter my attempts would not burn a DVD data disk . I sent an e-mail for help -LRB- phone support is by the minute -RRB- and am still waiting for them to fix the problem . I sent them an error log file three times before they seemed to get it and then they had me download a new version which did not work either -LRB- again with no integrated help files -RRB- . Despite them having the problem for three weeks now , I still can not use the software for the purpose I purchased it for.After spending time on the phone with Nero customer support , their response was to use the fee based support to get help.My recommendation is buy CD Creator by Sonic . It works !!
 I bought Nero hoping it would be the old nero , a reliable suite with lots of advanced options . Not what I got.Throw out the installation disk . It was old when I got it . Those having install problems , just uninstall it ! Download the latest version online , and use the serial number inside the box . The `` upgrade '' program never worked . Came up with some unsupported error . Oh one problem with this , the help files are all missing . At least it runs.Nero Backup is worthless . I select what files I want , spans multiple dvds , great ! When burning the second disk , a disk full error comes up , asking me some question . Regardless if I answer yes or no , failure . This problem may have been resolved , but I 've moved on from this program . If it can multi-span correctly , will it restore?The nero toolbars , and other junk did n't help.I recently bought a toshiba , which came with toshiba 's burning software . That 's works great for me , and at this point what I 'm using . It also came with power dvdcreator , which burns home movies just great.My advice , if your current burning software does n't cut it , try sonic . Maybe they 've done something in the last 5 years other than add garbage .
 Any company selling a product that does not support the customer with effective and efficient help when needed does not deserve anyones business . The so called customer no-service phone lines are rediculous.I purchased this software as an upgrade to NERO 6 and received a free copy of Photoshop Deluxe 4 with a 1-year free premium membership . All I needed was a security key number that works . After waiting on hold for 32 minutes I was told to call the tech support line -LSB- not free -RSB- or email them . I 've now emailed three times with nothing more than an automated response that someone will be in touch . Ha Ha Ha . I have tried every means to contact this company with no response what-so-ever . Now I 've contacted my credit card company to dispute the billing . They will reverse the charge for me.Now I 've found that the company is out of Germany . It is my opinion that NERO is going to great lengths to make it very difficult to contact them in any way .
 I 've been buying Ahead 's Nero product since version 3 , upgrading each time a new version comes out . By `` Enhanced '' , Ahead seems to mean that it 's Marketing department is now firmly in charge of the product , and it 's once-leading-edge technology has now taken a firm back seat to advertising . I had great luck with version 6 and wish I 'd stuck with that . Version 7 was n't bad , either , for me until they ` Enhanced ' it.If you do install this version , even if you manage to duck the opportunity to install the Ask toolbar -LRB- which takes just a little care -RRB- , you 're going to get a proprietary search gadget anyway called Nero Scout . There does n't appear to be any way to avoid installing Scout , and you ca n't get rid of it through the add/remove programs tool . There 's a good article on Digg about how to get rid of it , though.This was my last purchase from Ahead , unless of course they fire their Marketing department and go back to writing good software . I can recommend the previous versions , though , which are generally free of co-branding baggage and install less aggressively . It seems that you can still get a good deal on version 6 and the original version 7 via Amazon .
 I have burned or attempted to burn about a dozen DVDs since buying a SONY burner that came with the Nero7 software . For copying entire DVDs , the product works as advertised . For editing and/or compiling videos from different sources and files , the Nero 7 software is tedious , cumbersome , unintuitive , and unreliable -LRB- crashes -RRB- . A loathsome product .
 After long and happy service from 6.6 Ultra , I upgraded when I got a new boxto a copy of 7Ultra I bought a while back , then updated.I have to say that 7 -LRB- thru 7.5 -RRB- is the worst bloated thing I have ever used.cleaned it out and went back to 6 expressPositively horrid .8 appears to have all the same problems , if you look at reviewsYOU SHOULDN `` T HAVE TO REBOOT AFTER EVERY BURNNew XPpro install , loaded right after browser , so no conflictsseems like the searcher and bloatware is searching for somethingstops and goes back to work after an hour or after rebootLast time I use Nero there are better approaches
 The computer that I bought June 2006 came with Nero 6 OEM version . It has worked very well . I finally got around to clicking on the upgrade icon and ordered what I thought would be a serial number to unlock some features . It turns out that is not available , and I have bought the Nero 7 Ultra version , which required a 195 MB download . Having dialup , I was not pleased . I asked for my money back . No response . I faxed BBB complaint with copies to Nero offices in California and Germany . The office in Germany responded with email that they do not do refunds . Los Angeles BBB has been unresponsive.I finally got the download from a computer with broadband . I uninstalled Nero 6 and set restore point . I installed Nero 7 . It worked ! But it was agonizingly slow . I do n't mean the CD or DVD writing per se was slow . When I eventually got it going that gave me the full speed of my hardware . However navigating from each click to response felt like it was in a 486 and not an Athlon 64 . I think other programs were also rendered more sluggish in opening files.I uninstalled Nero 7 , and just to be safe I then used restore point from before I installed it . I reinstalled Nero 6 . What a relief ! There may be some fancy features Nero 6 OEM lacks , but it 's worth it to have the computer working at reasonable speed . If I want to rip a music track to a . wav file -LRB- a feature lacking in the OEM version -RRB- , it 's easier to reboot to linux and run K3b than put up with sluggish Nero 7 Ultra to do it.A product and company gone bad ; Nero 7 is definitely not recommended .
 after i update it to the newest version , i throw about 2-3 cd 's or DVD 's cause of errors.i uninstall it 2 time and redownload it and i still receive the same problems / errors/crash . PS ; i have a new pc -LRB- core duo 3.2 - 3GB ram - 4mb cash memory etc. . . -RRB-
 Do you want your computer to hang on boot after installing a product ? Do you want to take 6 hours of your time to clean up the mess a product makes of MS 's automatic software update service ? Do you want a product to automaticly disable other products which you have installed and are happy with ? Then this is the product for you , 'cause it does all of this and more ! Save yourself a lot of heart ache , pick a different product -LRB- Roxio 's may not sound as attractive , but at least it installs cleanly -RRB- .
 Even though the product box had a tag that said `` Vista Ready '' , the enclosed disc was for XP and would not work in my new HP Vista computer . Phone calls to tech support were not answered , e-mails took days to get a response , but thanks to helpful members of the Nero forum I was informed that the latest download on the Nero website was Vista compatable . In addition , my Hauppauge video capture card is not supported , even with the newest version , so I am unable to use this feature.Other gripes
 I can get this thing to work , but there are so many minor and medium problems , that it 's one of the worst pieces of software on my machine.Here are some examples :1 . When you choose a number of files to burn to CD , the beginning of the filename disappears . So , for example , if you have `` My First File.wav '' and `` My Second File.wav '' , all you 'll see is `` File.wav '' and `` File.wav '' .2 . If you want to use two drives for making multiple CD copies , and you choose to make 5 copies , it will actually try to make 10 copies .3 . There 's no option for copying from a CD image to a CD , although you can double click on the CD image file to get this done .4 . Operations occasionally fail for mysterious reasons .5 . The Normalize operation results in a buzzy , overloud track.I think I could list 50 or problems like this .
 These Nero releases are just bad software getting worse . I wish they would fix the encoding problems . I have wasted so many DVDs with encoding problems and audio/video out of sync etc. tech support want you to spend some time gathering logs and sending them in but then they do not respond!Nero 7 mostly just adds a jazzed up user interface .
 Had issues with Nero 8 , Phone tech is $ 2/min for everybody so I emailed tech support and they took 10 days to get back to me to request additional information , then another 5 days to again request additional information but tell me they did n't think it was a software issue . Got rid of Nero 8 and issues resolved . Stay away from this product .
 I downloaded the demo version of this horrible package , not knowing why it took so many megas ... . Well , you get much more than just a cd/dvd recorder . You also get a ton of utilities that you surely had in your pc . But these new utilities work worst , make your pc unstable , and consume a huge amount of memory , slowing down the processor . Bay any means , try before you buy .
 To begin with , let 's make this review fair . Nero is not a bad program , if all you want to do is simple cd copy , DVD copy etc. . In this regard , then the only bad thing is the price.There is a much better program and much cheaper , it 's called Padus DiscJuggler . Here are the reasons why : First , the file size . A fully installed Nero will take up over 300 MB of your hard drive . A fully installed DiscJuggler will take up LESS THAN 10 MB on your hard drive.Now on to the DVD copy . Say you have a DVD disk and you want to make a duplication of it using Nero , and say you use the Maximum speed . Well , the DVD will copy fine and it will play in your computer . The trouble is , when you take the DVD and play it on your high end Home Threatre , the disk skips , hang , and stop all together . Now I want to be fair to Nero , so I tried copy the DVD using 1x speed , well , it 's better , but the disk still paused occasionally.DiscJuggler will copy your DVD disk with NO SKIPS , NO PAUSES whatsoever.Now on to the CD copy part , and this is one of my favors . There is a hot topic going on the internet right now for making the copied cds sound exactly like the original cd when you play it back on your high end system . I am talking about having the same frequency range , dynamic range , soundstage , depth , spatial cue , etc. . Do you think you can do this with Nero ? keep dreaming folks . This is not to pick on Nero , but none of the cd copy package will do this for you , including Exact Audio Copy , CDRWin , and let 's not mention the window explorer . There is only one software that will give you audiophile cd copy , and that is : Padus DiscJuggler set a the lowest writing speed .
 The good news is that it did n't trash my operating system like NAV did ! -LRB- ... -RRB- The product itself seems to work as well as other AV software . Every time I go online it downloads an update . With a dialup connection and no other internet activity , these downloads take 10 to 20 minutes , regardless of the fact that it was just updated the previous day ! If you actually have something to do online , cancel the download operation because everything slows down to a crawl . On two separate occasions , an update plus 10 minutes of internet productivity took me over an hour ! After three months it has found one virus downloading to my computer . The results were exactly the same as I have had with other AV software . The virus is detected while being downloaded , the AV software allows the download , attempts to delete the file , fails , and then tells you if you want to delete it , you 'll have to do it manually . Ca n't someone create a product that does n't download the virus and appends the virus definition file rather than downloading a complete list every time ?
 I had this installed by Geek Squad to replace Norton 2006 since the Norton reviews were so poor . I now can not access any java-based applications , Outlook 2003 is not sluggish and freezing up , and IE7 tabs no longer work for favorites . I can not login to brockerage accounts and look at basic charts . I also use SPysweeper which is fine . I wish this has 0 stars . It 's a mess .
 I was unhappy with Norton AV because when it got corrupted , the problem could not be resolved by uninstalling it and reinstalling it . Then contacting NAV tech support put me on one wild goose chase after another . I decided to ditch NAV and purchase the top rated PC-Cillin Anti-Virus 11 . As soon as I installed it my computer -LRB- Pentium III , 1 GHz , 512 MB RAM , Windows ME -RRB- slowed to a crawl . 30 seconds to get into MS Word , Over a minute to open Quicken or get into Internet Explorer , etc. . If I turned the PC-CIllin real time scan off , everything was at its normal speed . Turn the real time scan back on , and everthing was back to a crawl . Contacted tech support by phone . They complained that I had ONLY 512 MB RAM , even though they require only 64 MB . We took everything off the Windows startup folder that was not needed . This had little effect . Then I emailed Trend Micro 's tech support . They asked me to send them files . I did . A few days later they asked me to send them the same files . I did . A few days later they asked me to send them the same files for a third time . I did . To date I have not received a single constructive piece of advice from them . I called tech support again . He asked me to send the same files directly to him and he would escalate my case to level II support . I did , and again have not heard a single word back . Now I decided to see if uninstalling and reinstalling PC-CIllin would have any benefit . It uninstalled but will not reinstall . I have given up on PC-Cillin and on the advice of a friend have gone to the free Grisoft AVG Anti-virus . It seems to work well with no noticable slow down of my computer .
 I 'd read reports of how NAV is a resource hog and decided to research other AV software . After a lot of research I decided to try Trend PC-Cillin due to the reports of what a great AV program it is and how few resources it uses . First I tried downloading their evaluation copy of their security suite . That should have been a tip off . The AV scans were slow and trying to pull up a browser screen or Outlook were almost impossible while the scan was running . I considered it may have been due to the other programs in the suite also running in the background . I went out and purchased Trend 's standalone version-PC-cilling AntiVirus 11 . Even as a standalone program , it was excessively slow , with all the same problems I experienced in the security suite . I want to emphasize , I do not have a slow system -LRB- P4 2.8 Ghz , 1GB DDR RAM -RRB- , I was scrupulous removing the prior version of NAV before installing the Trend products , including using NAV 's program removal tools to clean up the system before installation . I was able to put up with this for 24 hours but have now removed it and reinstalled NAV 2005 on my system and it 's running a full system scan in the background while I type this review . While Trend may produce a good product , it did n't work for me and I 've wasted $ 40.00 in the process .
 Not only are the maps not interactive on the PDA , as other reviewers have pointed out , but I found the maps of the South Bay to be at least five years old . A major section of Highway 85 that was completed over five years ago is not shown on the map.A close inspection of the product packaging does refer to `` static '' maps -LRB- maybe they mean static in time as well -- locked in at 1997 ! -RRB- ; however , I feel that the packaging is deliberately misleading so that the buyer can easily get the impression that these maps are interactive on a PDA . In any event , the fact that such old and obsolete maps were used is inexcusable .
 This product uses a simple interface on the PC to outline an area for which a map is to be generated . An image , and nothing else , is downloaded to the Palm . There is no searching by street , zooming , or anything else on the Palm.Worse still , the image capture on the PC wo n't display individual streets except at the few highest zooms and then the area is quite small . So , either the map on the Palm is uselessly small -LRB- a square mile or so -RRB- or it does n't actually contain city streets . Either way , as a map , it 's useless.In fairness to the product , it tries to be a trip planner more than a map . In that role , it 's not quite as bad . The result is a sequence of maps , each at an appropriate zoom level . Even so , it 's awkward to create and download separate maps for one trip.Okay , it 's cheap . I do n't expect full features . But , this product just is n't usable .
 This software seems like it was designed more for your desktop than your palm . On your desktop , it is a fully interactive map of the U.S. . But you can only load a single still picture on to your palm . No zooming , no address finder , nothing !!! If you 're looking for interactive map software for your palm , stay away . But not bad for your desktop .
 This product is okay when used as a reference tool on your desktop computer . However , to reiterate and reinforce other reviews it is misleading and a poor tool for your PDA . You are only allowed to save static maps to your PDA . Once the map is on your PDA you can not zoom or view street names , which makes the product highly useless on your portable device . I give the product one star only because it is usefull when used on the desktop computer . Since it 's target audience seems to be the PDA user the company misrepresents the usefullness of the product on the PDA . I am very displeased . I highly recommend not purchasing this product if you intend to use it on you PDA as it is purely junk in that respect .
 This software would have been a marvel twenty-five years ago . I could n't return my copy fast enough . The details that they say are downloadable from the web are not there . Rather than Streets Maps & Vacation Planner buy a good old fashioned paper map . It is far better .
 Product is absolutely useless for creating audio CD 's . I purchased this because I had a hard time finding Windows 7 compatible CD burning software . Tried to copy several audio CD 's and received an error message that the audio CD was an invalid format . I then tried to burn an album that contained -LRB- 14 -RRB- MP3 formatted songs . Was a valid format , but it would only burn 7 of the 14 songs and I received an error message and would not complete coping the album . But , it allowed me to burn songs 8 through 14 onto another disc . No matter what I tried it would not burn all 14 songs to 1 disc . So I have 2 discs for 1 album . Useless .
 The promise of creating a bootable ISO image of your basic updated Windows operating system on CD/DVD attracted me . But after reading the manual -LRB- make a bootable floppy and copy it to CD -RRB- I would n't dream of installing software that simply repeats what Win-XP is perfectly capable of without further help . Tossed it in the garbage - not worth the bother of return for refund .
 It looks like a good program at first but it is so full of bugs that I advise you not to buy it . Customer service is practically non-existent . I am stuck with a 60 $ program that does n't work . They tried to blame the problem on Apple but the box said it was built for OS X so that is a weak argument . I would never have bought it if it had n't had that `` built for OS X '' on the box . This software is nothing but bad news . This is the same company that sells Omnioutliner , a 20 $ program that does nothing but stick in checkmarks and bullets in your lists . They also try to sell Omniweb , their own browser , which does nothing that Safari does n't do better .
 Although this program functions fairly well as a photo editor , there IS NOT a cutout function anywhere on here . Also the free photo paper was no where to be found . The box the program came in is smaller than a standard sheet of paper so I do n't know how they intended to get it to you . Also after 10 days I 've received no answer to my emails to Data Becker about this problem .
 Do n't buy this one . Its price is nice , but you are getting what you pay for here . It is just not performing for me . Its red-eye fix is ridiculous .
 This is a review of ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which may be the product that some Marketplace sellers are sellinghere , here , here , here , andhere . Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the links and e-mail the respective Marketplace sellers to find out what version they are selling , so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -------------------------------------------------- I will be reviewing ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which was released in 2006 -LRB- according to the copyright date on the blue and white box -RRB- . Product Information * Developed by
 At first I really like this product . Seemed simple to use and produced nice-looking invoices . However , the more I use it , the more I hate it . I have to keep re-setting the fonts , font sizes , layout , which columns I do/don ' t want , it 's HORRIBLE ! It took me about 12 tries to do one simple invoice this morning . I finally got something I was happy with , but the time and frustration was NOT worth it . I 'm off to shop for another package .
 This software is junk . I was looking for a software package I had back in the 90s called AdressBook Plus which was great and thought this might be it . Not so . Not even close.This is the usual melange of file driven nonsense so prevalent today . The old software was intuitive and friendly this is snarky and simple minded .
 Final Draft 5 was great , and Final Draft 6 was spectacular . Those two versions are what made Final Draft the industry standard in scriptwriting programs.Final Draft 7 , on the other hand , is horrific . Despite new updates coming out every month , the program constantly crashes . The autosave function just seems to make it crash even more . I ca n't count the hours of work I 've lost to this highway-robbery of a scriptwriting program . I find myself saving after every line of dialogue , which really breaks up the creative flow.Tech support is even worse . After FD7 crashed for the umpteenth time , I emailed tech support asking them why the program kept crashing , and if there was a way I could recover my work . I ended the email by saying , `` Telling me it 's because the program sucks is n't the correct answer . '' I did n't swear , and THAT was the only insulting thing I said.I received an obscenity-laced response in return -LSB- ... -RSB- and that they were n't going to answer my question . Real nice . -LSB- ... -RSB- My hope is that Microsoft can incorporate a scriptwriting feature into the next version of MS Word . I ca n't imagine it would be that difficult ... the programs are already pretty similar . Bill Gates loves to put people out of business -- here 's his next opportunity!Until then , go with FD6 . It 's not that different than FD7 -- the main difference being that FD6 does n't crash every twenty minutes .
 Unfortunately , in ` improving ' its software , FINAL DRAFT has taken out its best features . One can no longer go from index card , or outline , directly to scene from Navigator . It has also crashed three times . Worthless , really . Bring back v. 6 and dump this junk .
 I 've used Final Draft for Macintosh since Version 5 . It 's always been a touch cranky but well worth the trouble . This is no longer the case with version 7.0 -LRB- and the upgrade to 7.0.0.33 seems to have made things worse -RRB- . Cursor position is unstable , that is you probably are n't entering text where you think you are . Randomly , selected text refuses to unselect . Parentheticals wo n't allow you to move the cursor to the next block of dialog . Smart type `` forgets '' character names and locations , et cetera . As is , this program is unusable and repeated e-mails to the publisher have gone unanswered.I hope they fix the problems , until they do I 've gone back to version 6 , and I 'm out the cost of the upgrade .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- While offering no new features of any value , version 7 tends to reformat entire blocks of text seemingly on a whim . I kid you not . Your scene heading will become a block of dialogue . Did n't you know ? Your slug line is suddenly a character 's name . There seems to be no way to tell the program to NOT automatically reformat elements . My script , for example , was automatically and entirely reformatted -LRB- needless to say , incorrectly -RRB- . Save the ridiculous amount of money you 'd be spending ; you 're better off writing on a memo pad . At the very least , stick with version 6 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've had both Final Draft 5 & 6 , but just bought a brand new laptop , so I figured I should probably upgrade . Bad idea ... Long story short , I ended up uninstalling it and sending it back . For some reason , 6 works better.Oh , and forget about using Collabowriter on 7 . I was told by their own tech people this is never going to work because of new security features built into the new operating systems .
 This software is not worth the money you pay for it . It has a ridiculous and time consuming installation process which does n't work on some systems and they do not bother to tell you this in advance . The company is unreliable and difficult to communicate with . They have now twice promised me update CDs to correct the problems with their software which have not arrived -LRB- the first time they promised me was about 8 months ago and the last being over 2 months ago . -RRB- Not all the features that are supposed to come with this software actually work.There are other programs for screenwriters out there . Save yourself the money , the time and the headache - try a different one .
 I have never received the product I ordered and I have sent several emails and gotten no response . I think I was ripped off !!!
 I like and have used FD for years -LRB- versions 3 through 6 -RRB- both on Windows and Mac -LRB- 5 & 6 Windows only -RRB- . It has the best layout of any of the major script softwares on the market -LRB- I 've tried 5 top ones -RRB- . Having said that , I always found it somewhat buggy , but I put up with it for the sake of the layout . But version 7 is just a disgrace . I would much rather they focused on getting the bugs out than adding more useless features I 'll never use . It is now just bloatware , and extremely buggy . I 'm boycotting FD until they get the COUNTLESS bugs out -LRB- spellcheking that wo n't `` take '' after my correction are a particular bugaboo -RRB- . I guess the FD people find themselves in a bind - they need to generate sales , but unfortunately have no idea how to improve the software - guess what
 I am using FD 7 on a new project and I can not believe the issues I 'm having . While writing I noticed that the program has issues with knowing what a new scene is . Sometimes the new scenes will be single spaced from the previous scene , sometimes double spaced . When you hit enter twice for a new scene the menu option for previous locations was corrupt . And when we got into prep the real nightmare began . It was throwing scene numbers at blank elements , it put scene numbers in the middle of action never to be removed again , it did n't know that a POV should be a new scene ... ! I ca n't turn the script in to the line producer because he will not be able to break it down!FD 7 is forcing me to retype the entire script into my MM Screenwriter for the production aspect of this project . I ca n't believe this is the industry standard.The only option I liked on FD 7 was the character name option when writing dialog between two characters . The program would suggest your next character to speak each time . That was neat.Buy Movie Magic Screenwriter ! I NEVER had a problem with that program .
 I have been using Final Draft since version 4 . After endless crashes of version 6 on my Mac , I finally upgraded to version 7 . Although I have n't had the classic v. 6 total wipeout crash -LRB- where you ca n't even open the last saved version of your file or it opens blank -RRB- , today I had a nice surprise where the scene numbering dropped down into the action . Not wanting to do a scene re-number I was forced to go to an earlier auto save version . AUTO SAVE OFTEN!I was too slow to return this version or I 'd me on Movie Magic already . No updates that mean anything the entire time I 've used FD , and with 7 they screwed up the Navigator , a feature I actually liked ! I wo n't even get into the hopeless lack of keyboard shortcuts and cheesy incomplete porting to Mac.Don ' t waste your money ! FD6 is out there for `` evaluation , '' and you wo n't need activation .
 I just bought the upgrade on March 31st and was very disappointed . Perhaps the worst thing about it is the fact that using the `` go to '' feature to jump from one page to another causes the application to `` unexpectedly quit '' . This happens EVERY time I do so , which makes the act of writing a screenplay on it totally impossible for users of mac OS X. Hopefully there will be an update coming down the pike soon , but how long it will take is anybody 's guess . I 'm back to using Final Draft 6 . So a word of warning before jumping in too soon -LRB- like me -RRB- , wait until the update before you purchase if you 're a mac user .
 I have never written a review of anything in my life . When Final Draft 7 crashed for the umpteenth time today , I felt compelled to . I am a working screenwriter who has been using Final Draft since version 5 . All told , six years . Whatever bug that caused FD6 to randomly crash in OSX HAS NOT been fixed , despite what Final Draft says . At least in Final Draft 7 the crash does n't render my file `` incompatable with this version of Final Draft '' -- if any of you out there have had that happen , I deeply pity you , as you understand what it 's like to be that maze-bound rat that randomly receives electric shocks.Throw in the fact that this product is edging toward $ 250.00 -LRB- nearly as much as digital video editing programs -RRB- , the fact that customer support costs $ 2.00 a minute -- you heard me right , $ 2.00 a minute to ask them ANYTHING , no matter how small -- and you get a clear impression of a company that peddles severely inferior software becuase they know they have the market locked . This is , however , NOT THE CASE . 25 % of people that use screenwriting apps DO NOT USE FINAL DRAFT , becuase there are vastly superior programs out there . As of today , I am a proud member of the 25 % . Thanks to easy . pdf file conversion , anyone can use any screenwriting app they like.Those that for some reason do decide to purchase this product , I implore you to change your preferences so you auto-save every five minutes , as this is the only way you wo n't lose a day 's work , a week 's work -- or God forbid , if do n't back up your files -- an entire script .
 I 've been using Final Draft for a number of years now , back to version 4.X , and always liked it . Version 6 has been a real winner , with a few annoying quirks . When given an opportunity to upgrade to version 7 , I thought , `` Great , I 'll do it . '' I 'm sorry I did . FD7 may turn out to be a good update to a good program , but as it is now it should n't have been released . Just a couple examples -- when I switch to the index card view , I get a screen full of blank index cards , even though I 'm many pages into my script . What gives ? It 's much less convenient to access Scene Navigator and Index Cards in FD7 , and as another reviewer wrote , the Go To function does n't work properly . What a disappointment . So now I 'm back to using FD6 , which is so much better . I 'll be on the lookout for updates that might make FD7 at least usable , but until then I 'll stick with FD6 . You should do the same .
 Okay , for starters , I 've been writing scripts professionally for years ... for Warners , Paramount , ABC , CBS , etc. . and for myself.THE PROS :1 -RRB- It 's THE industry standard . You can send Final Draft files to any studio , no problem . Everybody uses it .2 -RRB- It 's easy to jump between slug lines , action , dialog , etc. 3 -RRB- Keeping track of revisions is simple and works.THE CONS :1 -RRB- Buggy as hell . In fact , its embarrassingly buggy and the company has n't fix the bugs IN YEARS !!! Guess when you dominate an industry , why waste money on making the product work as advertised . This policy worked wonders for the American auto industry , did n't it .2 -RRB- If you have a problem with their bugs , call the company and they charge you $ 2 per minute to solve their software screw ups .3 -RRB- Their `` collabowriter '' feature . Hah . I 've known countless writers over the years in Hollywood . Never met a writer who got that to work .4 -RRB- No updates in years ! 5 -RRB- Oh , did I mention buggy ? 6 -RRB- Notes feature is super basic . Barely useable .
 I have to work every day with FD 7 -LRB- Mac OSX -RRB- as the production company I write for asked me to do so . To cut it short
 There seems to be a growing trend to release unfinished software , and then issue endless patches to fix it post-purchase
 I have a friend who uses the Mac version and swears by it . I purchased the PC version and it 's certainly interesting . It behaves like no other text editor I 've ever seen . Simple operations like cut and paste become strange exasperating games to see what text Final Draft will actually decide to let you cut and paste . I guess it 's trying to keep script elements contiguous -- but there are times when you just ... want ... to move ... the damn ... WORDS . Final Draft makes the mistake of assuming too much.Edit
 I 've worked as a professional writer in Hollywood for a decade and Final Draft is the worst screenwriting program I 've ever encountered . It 's buggy , non-intuitive , clunky , slow , and supremely frustrating to use . I actively discourage writers I work with and hire from using it . How this became the `` industry standard '' is beyond me . Final Draft will kick-out a professional-looking script , but as far as actual `` writing '' Final Draft gets in the way of the process . If you like having to battle a program that 's always trying to second guess you - then you may love it . But I certainly do n't .
 Final Draft is a totally inept program . Never has a product failed so completely . I have been a professional writer for eight years ; I would rather use charcoal pencils and toilet paper to write my next screenplay . The mere fact that this sad joke of a product can be packaged and marketed is testament to the fact that there are so few competing screenwriting software programs out there and so they enjoy somewhat of a monopoly . I 've just switched to Movie Magic and I 'll report on that software shortly . If you 're a self hater and like to waste countless hours trying in vain to retrieve lost writing , like a program that is counter intuitive and has none of the requisite functions that would even qualify it as a screenwriting program then this super turd is for you .
 I 've been using FD for years , and have n't had any serious problems , but this version is a disaster . I can only select text from bottom to top , and even that is totally unpredictable . The new version crashes endlessly if you have an older version installed , but uninstalling the previous version deletes the custom Final Draft fonts . Since the ` upgrade ' to version seven I 've spent more time wrestling the software than I have writing.The only new feature that interested me was the outline view , but in practise it 's stupid . Most of the time it 's impossible to navigate a script by sluglines alone , and the result is more wasted time.Steer clear of this product .
 Like many others here , FD7 has caused me to lose hours of work and constantly break my creative flow attempting to forestall the constant crashes . FYI , I have Windows 7 , a powerful machine with many gigs of memory , plenty of drive space , and a nearly top-of-the-line processor.The crashing issue seems to be related to very specific circumstances . If I am writing at the end of my script , the program is relatively well-behaved . However , if I am adding text in the middle of my script somewhere -LRB- anywhere , it does n't matter -RRB- , then it causes the program to slow to a crawl and inevitably crash if I insist upon continuing . I have to constantly Ctrl + S whenever I edit existing text in my screenplay to make sure I do n't lose too much . This is true whether I have autosave turned on or not.The program appears to have some kind of memory issue regarding the formatting of the text whenever you are adding more in the middle of the screenplay . As if having to keep track of everything below the text you are adding is simply more than the program can manage . This is utterly unacceptable , of course , for the obvious reason that any screenwriter has to edit existing text -- add , remove , whatever -- no one writes a `` Final Draft '' their first go-round . It makes me wonder if the name of this software was meant to be ironic , or a cruel sort of taunt.Other than that , the program is somewhat useful . It is occasionally intuitive in ways that save time . Other times , I fight with it to establish what I actually want from what it assumes I mean . After enough fighting , you learn to anticipate the incorrect assumptions it will make and trick it into doing what you want , but having to outwit the thing derails the writing process . It also takes a little while to learn the weird hotkey configurations they chose to make the thing work , and sometimes remembering the correct ones can get in the way of the writing process , as well.I 've heard there are other packages out there that are better , so you may want to look into them rather than laying out money for this thing that holds you hostage by your need for the formatting , and if you are a naturally stubborn person who hates to admit they 've wasted their money , you 'll be inclined to keep using this thing even though it probably costs more time than the formatting features save . The fact that this unstable thing is the `` industry standard '' for screenwriters and there is n't a lot more to choose from , whereas producers and directors have technology comparable to rocket science , just shows where writers are on the film totem .
 I 've used Final Draft since version 5 through version 6 , and although it was antiquated and clunky compared to contemporary word processing software , it was at least useable and relatively stable.HOWEVER - I recently upgraded to FD7 , and it 's a mess . It implemented new features in such a way as to make them impractical in daily , minute by minute by use , while simultaneously dumping several genuinely useful features from previous versions . It 's already been through two patches since it was released , and it 's still clunky , bug ridden , crash prone , and less usable in practice than the previous version.If you are a first time buyer , I 'd recommend delaying your purchase for at least six months till they sort out the bugs -LRB- assuming that 's possible -RRB- , or consider buying another of the many products available , e.g. Screenwriter or Sophocles.ADDENDUM : I 'd also recommend you read some of the reviews on this site with a pinch of salt - there are a couple that I would consider suspiciously glowing . There 's nothing to stop someone from the manufacturer adding a review , is there ... ? UPDATE
 I noticed `` Designed for Windows '' printed on the box as I was opening it . Wish I would have seen this on the product page before buying it . You open the program on a Mac and it looks like you 're using a PC . No keyboard shortcuts for things like adding a scene index card , so you have to keep going up and using the pull-down menu . When I tried to rearrange my scene cards , the card to be shuffled turned into a blank card , for some reason . Maybe if I had n't spent $ 170 bucks for this , it would n't have been so bad . Mac users , I advise you to steer clear of this and try Montage or Movie Magic Screenwriter .
 As a now professional writer , Final Draft 4 , 5 and 6 got me through the early screenplays , I have grown very fond of the program - my major `` work tool '' . Final Draft 7 is a disgrace . Not only will you be wasting your money on an unusable product , you will spend hours of your time downloading and installing updates that fail , trying to optimise and `` learn '' a program that will let you down . I am actually amazed that a program that is so close to Version 6 -LRB- really , the only addition is the split screen thing ... -RRB- is so far from that version in terms of stablity . What is up with this?We are talking about a program that is a BASIC word processor tailored to screen and stage writing - this is n't a complex 3d game!My strong advice is that if you feel you have to start with Final Draft , then purchace Version 6 . -LRB- Still avalible - how many companies would keep an outdated version of their software on that market ? -RRB- Otherwise look at the competitors .
 The people at Final Draft really should have worked out all the bugs in Version 7.0 before releasing it to the public . I 've used Final Draft for years and this new version is the first that has actually crashed my computer just trying to use it . Go To has problems , as does Index Cards , and even Spell Check does n't perform properly for me . It does n't even fix the spelling of the word after I 've approved the change . Like the other writers here , I have returned to Version 6 until Final Draft gets the bugs out of this new version . So far , a complete waste of time and money . In this case , newer does not mean better . Stick with V6 if you want to get any work done !
 I 'm a professional screenwriter who started on FD back in the day and then converted to Movie Magic . I 'm having to use FD 7 on a project I 'm collaborating on and it 's crashed 5 times now . I hate the interface , it 's glitchy , and it does n't have cool MM features . I do like the format when you print , but man , it ai n't worth it . Wish I 'd talked my partner into going w / Movie Magic .
 What crap !!! I am not a hyper-critical person so when I tell you this is worthless I 'm not feeding my ego . What is deemed to be a `` Label Assistant '' is useless - if I ca n't figure out how to print out a simple page of labels immediately - the full page , not just the `` active '' label -LRB- in my case Avery 5164 -RRB- , then how am I being `` assisted '' . Granted , this is a very low price item , but in this case you do indeed get what you pay for . Unfortunately , it seems all label software is this clueless - at least this crap was cheap .
 I purchased first one , then another of these after the first would not load/install on my Windows XP computer . After receiving the replacement CD-ROM - same thing ! Now I will be returning the second one . An attempt to reach product support at the provided number was a joke . I hung up after 30 minutes . The online support is likewise no good . the only way you can contact them via email is to use a ` contact form ' on which you must select the product you have a question about . Guess what , Sponge Bob Typing is not a choice ! If you do not make a choice , you can not contact them . Typical of software companies I guess.What a waste of money -LRB- for the return shipping -RRB- but more distressing was the time I wasted trying to get this simple game going ! Never mind that my children had been waiting and waiting to play this . Back to the drawing board ...
 dido title - perhaps we will try on a macintosh and see if it works there
 I ca n't get this product to install on my 5 month old computerIt wants me to unstall my quicktime 6.3 and let it install quicktime 5 or 4 or something . I thought I did but maybe my computer has quicktime somewhere where I ca n't get rid of it even though it said it was uninstalled . I still get the same message and I never get to even see this Data becker program.I really hate products that ask you to get rid of a higher version of the program to let them install a lower one . Whatabout my other applications?I wrote customer service tech support on this just now and am waiting for an answer . I did n't see anything about needing a particular version of quicktime on the outside of the box or I would n't have bought it . Obviously this is a concern since this problem is on their FAQ as number 2 . There is money down the drain .
 Was working fine with my HP laser and XP , simple record keeping . Then the darn thing started printing checks from 2 months ago instead of the one I wanted to print . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PROGRAM TO ANYONE . I had to go back and make sure the right check numbers were with the right checks because it was also changing check numbers on me . Tech supoort for $ 24.95 , + per minute fees . Now that takes guts especially on a product that is only 3 months old . Shop around , trust me .
 I bought it for win2000 . Their print driver does n't work - does n't print at all . The company acknowledges the problem on the their web site and gives a `` wonderful '' recommendation
 There 's bad software , awful software , and `` aw just stick a fork in me '' rotten software . `` Mycheck Writer ... '' by Elibrium falls under the third category.Installation is painful . Operation gives repeated '' ... dll failed '' errors . Installs a very fussy printer driver called `` greatland '' -LRB- from another company with competing check printing software -RRB- , which will fail suddenly . Installation also places hundreds of awful fonts in your windows fonts directory , which are not removed through the uninstall process.After painfully getting an install completed on my laptop in Aug ' 03 , I was able to print using my inkjet for a few months . -LRB- No , you do n't really need a laser printer and the MICR toner cartridge that they try to sell you . At least I did n't . Banks and businesses had no problems with my inkjet printed checks . -RRB- Then out of the blue , it starts printing my checks without the routing/transit/account number line . Of course , after a few months of use with only limited trouble , I did n't notice . -LRB- My awful mistake , of course . -RRB- Suddenly , my checks are being returned to me with comments like `` The document enclosed is not a legal banking instrument '' . Great.I try re-printing the checks , but now the `` greatland printer driver '' is giving me errors to the effect of `` print command received from illegal application . Contact technical support `` I 'm on the horn with my bank now to get some regular checks printed . There 's no way I 'm going to waste my $ 24 or more on their technical support.Good luck folks ! If you find a simple check printing interface , please post !
 It wo n't support lasers less than 600 dpi . No were is this disclosed . Did n't find out until I purchased an $ 80 MICR toner for my printer . Wow ! I could have bought 6 boxs of check for the price of the MICR toner alone . Waste of money !
 I use this program in a business that sells products and hourly based services . While it is simpler to use than Quickbooks or something similar , it is not intuitive enough that a beginning computer user can sit down and employ it easily . Even an experienced computer user with substantial accounting experience can find it frustrating.Some parts of the interface are workable - different parts of the program such as inventory , customer lists and payments are easy to spot and move to . Entries into the forms are also easy and clear . Almost everything else is difficult or confusing . This program does not provide the functionality to -LRB- 1 -RRB- produce usable customer histories including lists of all purchases and/or payments on one form , -LRB- 2 -RRB- provide a statement showing hours used and left on a retainer , -LRB- 3 -RRB- customize the invoice to any large extent , -LRB- 4 -RRB- switch between invoices easily , -LRB- 5 -RRB- correct typographical or other errors made in entering payments , and -LRB- 6 -RRB- apply payments to a specific invoice . This short list of items is by no means exhaustive . It is very easy to , inadvertently , change the customer on an invoice that is not being edited.On the whole , a well designed Excel spreadsheet would be much more useful .
 I purchased this program instead of the more complex Quickbooks to bill on a hourly basis and to provide estimates . Although most of the features I used so far worked fine , I was disapointed with the options for printing a statement . I could only print open invoices instead of the customer 's invoices and payment history . Seeking technical assistance , I discovered that www.elibrium.com offers no free techical support whatsoever , not even free web-based support.MyDeluxe Invoices & Estimates is good enough for the beginner with limited needs , but not recommended for more complex tasks.P.S .
 ... this happened for no reason . There was nothing wrong with my computer at the time -LRB- or ever , really -RRB- . I save my changes regularly while working . When I logged in one day , only my titles were available . All of my work for each file was ... missing !?!? There was just blank space where all of my work was . So infuriating .
 I installed this and used it for a little while thinking it was OK . It is easy but it 's also really limited . Then just this evening I realized that it contains copious amounts of Spyware . I ran adaware -LRB- a untility that removes Spyware -RRB- and it found over 30 items . I 'm ticked to say the least .
 I bought this at CompUSA last year . The program tinks . It has very few pre-drawn deck layouts which are not really editable . There is nothing in the program that helps you draw a deck from scratch any better than pencil and paper . Basically , unless one of the pitiful few decks shown included perfectly matches what you want to build , it 's useless . It 's a sham to call this `` deck design '' . Completely false advertising . Junk junk junk . Download a free 30 day demo of smartdraw and at least you 'll have a decent and easy to use drawing program to use . Need something for a longer timeframe , then pay for smartdraw or some other actually useful program vs. throwing away your ... bucks .
 I 'm not sure why this is called `` Instant Deck Design '' . There are a few canned deck designs in here . If you want to make your own deck design , you are basically given a standard CAD package that allows you to do 2D or 3D packages - there are n't even any canned deck accessories.I did find the program useful , and I did draw my deck using their 2D tool . I was hoping it would help with structural calculations , etc. , but it does n't . So do n't expect any help in pier locations , beam sizes , lumber selection , etc. . If you select a canned deck it does provide a material list , but not if you draw your own.Summary
 I downloaded Version 15 of this program from the IMSI website-now I see why they do n't offer a trial version . The description on the website is manifestly untruthful . The deck wizard only offers a few options
 If you are interested in info on building a deck , spend your money on a good D.I.Y. book from your local home improvement store . This software is genuinely worthless . It is just a simple CAD program , and if you know CAD you dont need this , if you dont know CAD , you will not be able to use this . Read the reviews and believe them !
 If you want to design a deck and get all the stuff this software claims , go elsewhere.I spent several hours with it and could not find help on posts , joists , beams , or materials . It 's not even a good CAD package . For material lists , you 'll do better with a spreadsheet.There are much better packages available a builder 's stores ; or , be old fashioned , by a book!It 's cheap , and not even worth that !
 As others here have already pointed out , this product is pretty worthless . I wish I would have read them myself before I wasted my money . I originally thought I could n't go wrong for only $ 5 , but I should have seen the red flags when they charged me another $ 10 for shipping and handling!Again , as others have said , the design options in this software are very limited . And do n't even try to design a deck with dimensions less than ten feet -- it wo n't let you do it .
 This program is the most worthless program I have ever paid for . I have downloaded free programs that far exceed the helpfulness of this program.The interface is clunky by today 's standards . I ca n't imagine why anyone would allow this to be sold on their site or in their stores . It 's a total scam in my opinion.I wanted design options with standard and acceptable build patterns with load and capacity information . Nothing of the sort was found . I wanted a material list . It claims to have a material list but it does not work . YUCK!VERY DISSATISFIED !
 I bought this software because I was building a deck , and I need a print out of what it would look like.This software would not let me input My Data , it would only allow me to use there designs.So save your money , lookup free deck designs online
 this is not wroth the cd its written on , dont buy it at all
 I purchased the software and tried to do the upgrade but it did n't work . When I reached the final screen that has the button `` proceed '' which must be clicked . This button was shaded so clicking on it does not work . I contacted the company `` Acronis '' by email and they said that I bought a `` demo '' copy and that is why the `` proceed '' button was shaded . My only interpretation is that shoppers will pay full price for a demo software that does n't work instead of an official one . If you can not buy the official copy on Amazon then where in the world will you be able to buy it ? Is there an official copy anyway?Save your money and sanity , look for other packages . I intend to return the software and explain what happened to Amazon customer support .
 The program seems to have been released before base testing has been done , it took 10 tries and lots of time and money spent on phone calls and tech . support fees . Yes , they charge for technical support . Once installed does not work as advertised .
 Over 75 % of people trying to install this software have major problems , it has taken people weeks to get it to install . Once installed it is full of bugs in every part of the program . Franklin Covey Technical support is very poor and they charge you for it . Franklin Covey does not care about its customers . This software release is the worst yet for a company with a repretation for very poor software .
 I 've used Planplus for Outlook for years with relative satisfaction . This year , I decided to try the online version to sync with my desktop Planplus . Not only did it not sync with the information effectively -LRB- only some fields being uploaded to the online version -RRB- , the online version was completely ineffective in creating tasks and providing tools for project management . The online version is also extremely slow . I tried to get a refund without success despite the fact that I 've used Planplus for Outlook for years with annual upgrades . Consumers Beware !!
 I have been trying to use this software for several years . I say trying because I have owned several versions always trying out the next upgrade hoping it will improve . It has improved a little , but , for what is supposed to be an organizational tool , it is quite disorganized.This first problem is the lack of continuity as you follow the basic Franklin Covey method for getting your life organized . It starts out well intentioned with Values and Mission and such . And those are actually helpful little nuggets . However , software should do more than just provide an electronic , static recording . It should apply intelligence , or at least let the user apply intelligence . There is no intelligent linkage between your values , your mission , your goals . It 's all just an electronic recording , which could be done for free using any text editor . I could n't find anyway to link goals to values or mission.The next problem is this so called Weekly Planner with an absurd `` role '' called Sharpen the Saw . I get the concept of Sharpen the Saw , but it is not a role . Rather , sharpening the saw should be items that I can apply to multiple roles in my life . I see connections between `` Emotional '' saw sharpening and roles such as Parent or Spouse . But , there is no way I could find to get these default `` Big Rocks '' into new roles I create . And , if you have more than 1 big rock for a role / subject , like let 's say you want to have two Physical big rocks in a single week , there is n't any way to capture that and put them on different weeks . Let 's play this through for a second . If you value `` Physical Fitness '' and you determine a goal for that value is to `` Maintain Weight within 180-200 # '' , and then you want to create big rocks , like `` Start Walking '' or `` Join a Gym '' , there is n't any way to tie those together using the FC method . And then let 's say you create some tasks to help move that big rock , like buy treadmill , or buy running shoes , there is n't any way to link those to the big rock . So , if you complete them , have you moved the big rock?The last problem I will write about here is the Project concept . While I san see what tasks are in a project , there is not way to see what project a task is in . And , there is not relationship between Goals , or Big Rocks and Projects . So , if I have a Project , and certain activities were Big Rocks for the week , I have to know that activity -LRB- modeled as a task -RRB- is in a project before I drag it to the big rock in my weekly planning . Similarly , if I structure a project into summary activities , tasks and milestones , there is n't any way to know that these tasks are summaries , or milestones , outside of the Project . And the project , again , is not linked to the Big Rocks , or Roles , or Goals , so , it becomes MORE WORK trying to organize and maintain the data than actually doing the work.People who have never approached goal setting , planning or organization may find the FC method helpful . But this software does not intuitively support the method . As such , I find it a very disorganized organizer .
 I 've used Plan Plus for Outlook , on and off , for years . When I can get it to work correctly I love the product . Mission statement , task list , prioritizing , project management , journaling , taking notes , time management and more . It 's a great application ... sometimes . The problem is that is has always been prone to develop bugs that are rarely fixed in a timely manner . How a company rooted in time management and organization can allow this to happen I do not understand . I think the people at Franklin Covey are excellent in deciding what to put in a piece of software . I do not , however , think they have a clue how to write and support a piece of software .
 PlanPlus , whether it 's current iteration or prior years is a lesson in pain , frustration and incompatibility . Outlook as it is is pretty fleshed out and it has its quirks and instabilities . Adding PlanPlus while it does ` Franklin-ise ' it actually makes these annoying outlook-isms even more pronounced . Often with no reason it will disable itself , or I should say Outlook with disable PlanPlus . I 'd say every 4 launches or so for me when I still used it . Couple this with ANY attempt to connected a Palm or Windows Mobile device and you 'll be sitting scratching you head for hours while on the phone with support trying to get contacts and dates to load . Oddly enough the best support I got was from my local FranklinCovey store at Stoneridge Mall in Pleasanton , CA . They had a manager there by the name of Vaugn who could work miracles with their fussy software -LRB- I understand they have let this great employee go , figures the one person who knew the tricks !! I guess Franklin does n't value those kinds of employees -RRB- . On 3 occasions he took my laptop and cured the software of its ills . Anyway , to sum up , while the features of PlanPlus are intriguing and they look eminently useful , the final user experience and time wasted do n't make up for the promised gains . Basically it 's anti-productive .
 I was angry when I found the Franklin Covey planning software would n't update Palm 's `` To Do '' list , the most useful thing on the Palm -- I had to buy a new Palm to get rid of it . You ca n't uninstall the FC Software . But worse , it REINSTALLED ITSELF on my new Palm AND ERASED A YEAR 'S WORK . Even though I removed it from my computer . I 'd like to throttle somebody with my bare hands . What a piece of crap.DON ' T BUY THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I really wanted to make this work , since I 'm an active Outlook user and believe in the Covey/7 habits way of thinking . To make a long story short , Outlook is now so unstable that I ca n't use it . I went round & round with email support , chat support and even phone support , but the bottom line is that the program is unusable . I 've since deleted it from my system . I was informed today that a new upgrade will be available on 10/20/03 . With any luck they have listened to their customers and will have something more solid . If the new version does n't live up to my -LRB- basic -RRB- expectations , I 'll be asking for a refund .
 I bought this software despite the poor rating I saw everywhere , basically because I did n't find an equavalent alternative . That was a mistake . Not only it is buggy and parts of it cease to function after a while -LRB- ! -RRB- , customer support is lousy and useless . And even though they could n't solve my problem after 8 email requests , they would n't even refund my money ! . Do n't buy it !
 I purchased PlanPlus Online . It has , what Franklin Covey termed , a `` bug . '' The bug prevents tasks from being marked as `` completed . '' The bug was reported more than two weeks ago and is not fixed . I wrote an email trying to find out when the `` bug '' would get fixed . No answer . I called tech support . At first I got the run around , then I was told that they only fix bugs once a month , when they update the software package . Wait until the update , they told me . I asked to speak to a supervisor . I was told the supervisor was not there , but would call me back . No supervisor call . I asked for a refund . They have a `` no refund policy , '' I was told . Even when the product does n't work ?? That they were sure about . Does this meet the standards of Steven Covey 's 7 Habits ? What these people need is a good , solid , class action lawsuit . Maybe that will prompt a review of their customer support , so called .
 This program would be great if it did n't cause other problems . After installing this program I noticed many glitches with Outlook !
 I 'd wait to buy this until they come out with version five or so . By then , the bugs might be gone . As it is now , I 'm using Outlook 2002 on a Windows XP 3ghz machine with 1gb of RAM , and it takes me 34 seconds to load Outlook -LRB- time for the splash screen to go away -RRB- . Occasionally it will tell me it had to disable PlanPlus on startup as well . The memory usage -LRB- if you leave it open all the time like I do -RRB- is high as well , although I do n't notice it much , having such a leet box -LRB- translation
 I initially installed Plan Plus with no difficulties . After 10 minutes or so of ` playing around ' to get to know it better , Outlook 2002 crashed with a message regarding Plan Plus and Add-in manager . After that it did n't work at all . I tried first to `` repair '' it , lwhich did n't work , and then uninstalled it , but the reinstall failed as well . I then tried to reach Franklin via the on-line chat , but after 15-20 minutes of waiting I gave up . I then sent Franklin an email , summarizing all the steps I had taken , as well as Outlook messages , but they never responded.My take is that Frankling does not consider robust software nor customer support to be either Urgent or Important.Steven Yarnell
 I do n't think very highly of Outlook to begin with , so perhaps the Franklin development staff had their work cut out for them , but regardless , this has got to be one of the worst interfaces for creating and prioritizing tasks I 've ever seen . Want to create a task for tomorrow ? You ca n't just select the day and create a task . You have to create it for today , then go to the Quick Prioritize screen or open the task and then change the date . Want to reprioritize a group of `` B '' tasks to `` A '' tasks -LRB- since they are all `` B '' by default '' -RRB- ? You ca n't select multiple tasks in the Quick Prioritize screen and drag them to the `` A '' column . You have to do one at a time . There 's plenty more annoying things like this.The PlanPlus Home screen is not bad , but it takes forever to come up sometimes -LRB- and I have a 3.06 GHz machine with 1GB RAM -RRB- , and if you use Outlook in offline mode , you 'll eventually see a glaring bug as you click through messages in your inbox -LRB- something about the offline folder file being in use by the maximum number of applications - brilliant -RRB- . I love the Franklin method but I 'm sorry to say that this software is a waste of time .
 In case anyone else , like myself , had liked the concept of this software but found the 1.0.x versions too unstable to use , allow me to present you with the following news . I installed the 2.0 trial , and it is not any better . I installed FranklinCovey Plan Plus 2.0 atop a completely fresh , never-before-used Outlook 2003 and Outlook now runs for about 30 seconds before crashing . I did not bother to contact support to see if there are any resolvable issues ; these problems are OK with open source products that are still under development , but for retail price , I expect software that works.Like its predecessors , 2.0 also fails to uninstall completely , leaving behind its menus and other nonsense after it 's supposedly removed itself from your system.Please , Franklin Covey , get it right next time before releasing it . If it worked , you 'd sell enough additional copies to more than cover the additional development and testing expenses .
 I purchased PLAN PLUS because the description sounded wonderful . The program was billed as the successor to Franklin Planner for Microsoft Outlook . Installing the program resulted in a loss of all my Outlook data . Also , there were numerous script errors and the software would not work . The Goals Section was dated December 1999 . I used on-line live help several times . At one point , I received a phone call for assistance from Franklin Covey . We were able to locate the missing Outlook data files , but the wait for service typically exceeded fifteen minutes . A couple of times , I was told that help was not available . Outlook , Plan Plus , and Internet Explorer were re-installed and repaired without success . I hope the problem is addressed so I may receive an update for my computer .
 I have been a FC user for several years ... Paper -LRB- Monarch -RRB- , Palm , and Addon to Outlook ... I was dissappointed when the original addon no longer worked for my new version of Outlook -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . I purchased Plan Plus and like the concept of the planplus home where everything on one page . First problem I noticed , I could not print to priprinted pages correctly ... In the old version I had an option to print to priprinted pages or I could print to blank pages . -LRB- strike 1 -RRB- . I use Exchange server 5.5 and have several hundred e-mails per day ... after processing several e-mails in plan plus home I get an error saying my ost file in use by maximum applications , please close some applications to continue . -LRB- does not happen while precessing mail from my inbox -RRB- -LRB- strike 2 -RRB- . The print preview pain in plan plus home suddenly stopped showing any previews ... Repair did not fix ... I had to uninstall and reinstall to fix this problem , but 4 days later the problem came back . -LRB- strike 3 -RRB- ... All this time I am on the phone or chatting with support ... every time they say level 2 will call me back later in the day of the next day ... I am still waiting for the call back ... come to find out , they only have one level 2 guy and he must be swamped ... It is a shame when a time and task management company such as Franklin Covey does not return phone calls , rolls out products premature and does not spend the resources or create the plan to adaquately support the product . Other than that I have no complaints ... Franklin Covey management I hope you are reading these comments and do something about it before you loose all your supporters ... BTW , I hated to pay for Outlook addon to find it did not work in Outlook XP , then have to pay again to get Plan Plus ... Will I have to pay again when the new version of Outlook comes out later in 2003 ? ...
 Like most other reviews , I wish I had read before buying.I was told by a colleague that Plan Plus would slow down my computer ; but liked FC paper planning , so bought anyway.BIG mistake.I purchase 2.0 and then upgraded to 3.0 in January . I guess I 'm the sucker that was born twice.Pro 's :1 . FC paper planning process on computer2 . Weekly review/planning process3 . Included daily and weekly quotesCon 's : Everything else ; seriously.-Stability
 I am really disappointed in Franklin Covey -LRB- FC -RRB- . I was a realy FC planner person who switched to a Palm . I really missed my FC planner , so when I saw this software I was really excited . I had hoped and they had sold me on all those things that I was missing with my Palm , that I had with my planner . I sync in at work and at home . This , unbeknownst to me , is not supported by this software . After many problems , and after this software destroyed my Outlook databases , I am trying to remove it from all locations , and just going back to Outlook . I may even have to get my old planner out and start buying the refills . I am really disappointed in FC and feel they did not test this product enough , and just pushed it out the door . If I knew who to talk to , I would as for my -LSB- money -RSB- back ! My recommendation , SAVE YOUR MONEY!Chris Stone ...
 Read the marketing info , talked to Franklin Covey , they assured me the software was working well unlike all their other releases , No problems they said , bug list is very short . Hence , I purchased the software . It is the worst software I ever installed . It took me two weeks to get installed , it wrecked by database , Outlook does not work correctly after the installation , sync-ing with Palm does not work , can not move tasks to other days , even the uninstall does not work correctly . Please !! save yourself weeks of pain and problems ; do not get this software , there are many other good products on the market . Franklin Covey has grossly misrepresented this software ; I have never seen a company release a piece of software so far from complete . I guess they need money for the third quarter.I wish they has a zero star rating , one is way too high for this product
 Ca n't agree enough with the other reviews . Running Windows 2000 and Outlook 2000 , Pocket PC and a Palm 505 . I really like the way the software works in general , but it is incapable of functioning properly with HotSync . Somebody actually charges money for this ?
 As a long time planning software user -LRB- Ecco , Outlook , Palm , PocketPC etc. -RRB- this is the worst piece of junk I hve ever had the tragedy of trying to plan with . As much as I admire Covey , he needs to take responsibility for this and change it or offer refunds . Tech support were insulting .
 I WISH I had read the reviews in Amazon BEFORE I made the costly purchase ! The software does not work well with Microsoft Office 2000 . I downloaded the software , bought the CD , was using it for about a week -- then a msg came up saying I had no more trial days to use the program . This msg appeared several days AFTER I had entered the ` Key Code ' ! When I tried to print my ` Mission/Values ' my printer crashed ! Also -- The Technical Assistance at FC was a joke ! FC 's paper products are great . Not so with the software !
 When this program works , it works well . This is seldom the case.I am a previous user of Franklin notebook products , old versions of their software -LRB- Ascend -RRB- and two versions of PlanPlus . Do NOT buy this product.Plan Plus will cause Outlook to crash several times per day . There are times when you can not open any e-mail without restarting your computer several times throughout . Adding tasks crashes Outlook . Opening mail crashes Outlook . Making an appointment ? Crash.Uninstall does not remove all of the vestiges of Plan Plus . Tech support will provide you with their stand-alone software to remove Plan Plus . This does not work , either . Edit the Registry -LRB- as always -- at your own risk -RRB- but this wo n't remove it , either . In the process of corrupting your hard drive , Plan Plus disconnects Outlook from its installation data . Translation
 I really appreciate Covey and what they 're trying to do with this software , and I had very high hopes for it , but what a mess ! I can hardly sync my Palm anymore , so data is either lost or deleted items keep reappearing and multiplying . How can I get to `` First Things First '' when I 'm wasting hours and hours with this lousy , buggy software ?!? The Covey folks really need to put their thinking caps back on and beta test the heck out of this thing before it sees the light of day . Do n't buy PlanPlus yet unless you 're willing to be the next guinea pig and have LOTS of time to waste .
 I have four different employess -LRB- myself included -RRB- that tried to download and install plan plus 7 . Two windows 7 , and two were vista . After following the installation -LRB- we are all very computer literate -RRB- and starting up Outlook we all received a multitude of error messages . The plan plus and the original Outlook all started after clearing the messages but there were many functional errors . I called Franklyn Covey and they wanted to charge me to help with the install . UNBELIEVABLE . The software is bad and they want to charge me to try to get it installed . One of my employees did pay and after a half hour gave up . The support person was not capable . DO NOT BUY this software ! It will mess up your outlook . We all had to unistall it and I am now trying to get my money back . What a shame I always had a lot of respect for Franklyn Covey .
 I 'm a long-time Franklin-Covey customer and began to migrate my planning to a Palm unit about 5 years ago . When PP Win XP came out , it promised `` seemless '' integration . I purchased , it worked . However , when PP migrated to Agilix Go-Binder the problems started and just kept coming . With ever new `` build '' -LRB- not an official `` upgrade '' but more-or-less a bug-fix like Microsoft 's weekly updates -RRB- I would have to hard-reset my Palm . I finally got so sick of it , that I went back to the Palm Desktop software for my electronic planning . -LRB- I still keep a paper planner -RRB- . Customer service and tech support were no help . My advice - do n't bother . Stick with the Palm Desktop . -LRB- Obviously does not apply to Win CE or Win Mobile units moving data from Outlook . -RRB- Harry
 If you really want to spend several days trying to install this product , sending tons of e-mails to technicall suport and lots of calls then buy it , otherwise , it is a mess . Imposible to install , full of bugs and the worst service I have seen in my life .
 I 've used Franklin products forever -LRB- pre Covey -RRB- and I even had Ascend when it first came out . I dropped it all in favor of my Palm and Outlook so I was really excited to get PlanPlus . It 's been a complete pain . As some other users stated , it crashes Outlook on a regular basis . I too called tech support and was told to run the repair to no avail . They also told that they did n't KNOW when an update would be out . I could n't believe that since it 's a new release so I wrote to them and complained bitterly . They did write back but they were n't the least bit helpful . I would n't buy this product . I would go with Outlook at Chapura Pocket Mirror Pro .
 It is riddled with bugs . I am a great fan of Franklin Covey products and philosophy and liked their incorporation into a version of Microsoft Schedule + , so I bought this product with enthusiasm . After suffering through it for a week , I took it off my laptop , but I 'm still feeling its after effects . I can no longer enter tasks into Outlook , as I get an error message . While it was installed , I got duplicate records in my calendar , tasks that I entered disappeared , the Compass functionality only worked sporadically.I 'm waiting for the next version in the hopes that it will be ready for prime time . Maybe I 'll reinstall at that time
 I could not install it . It kept saying I need 64 K of ram when I already have that .
 I have been a faithful Franklin Covey / PlanPlus user for over fifteen years . The outlook add-in has been extremely slow and buggy ... I am amazed how a company that teaches excellence and performance can allow one of its products to be neglected and disappoint like this.The online product is tempting but given the lack of a trial period and the one year commitment , it is simply not worth the risk of time and money.Either improve it or quit selling it and recommend an alternative to those who have supported your products for years.Respectfully , John G
 I 've been searching for a digital version of the Franklin Covey paper binder method ever since my palm pilot expired and smartphones took over.What 's to love about FC methods ? - The ability to break down projects into tasks , or steps - The ability to sync with google and outlook calanders - The ability to assign each task a priority that will fit into your workday - The weekly compass card!What 's to love about plan plus online -LRB- I did n't purchase the software , and am glad -RRB- ? - A design template that is so ugly , so difficult to read and rigid . Do n't even think about customization of the basic PP online account . - Clumsy function and poor user interface - Slow as frozen molassesI had the basic online plan that was $ 15 a month.I cancelled it and purchased the Awesome Calendar app .
 The product looks like it has not been tested adequately and rushed to the market . Daily record from my palm was not saved after a synchronization on the PC . Worse , a task without a reminder in Outlook ended up being a task with a reminder in my palm and the reminder for the task could not be turned off - FC reminder screen was not responsive , so I had an alarm and buzzer that would not stop . After a soft reset , the alarm and buzzer came back on the only way to stop it was using a hard reset and losing all my data.I hope they release a patch very quickly to fix these bugs . I would recommend folks not wasting money until the problems are fixed
 I have tried several versions of this software over the past years with the latest being v 3.0 . This includes installations on both Palm and Pocket PC PDA 's . My experience is that this company does not know how to do quality control on software . I excused it on earlier versions but this has gone on too long . Synching with your PDA seems to create random problems including random duplication of tasks to deletion of tasks . These tools are supposed to save you time , not create more work.I really do like Covey 's approach to planning and I do -LRB- mostly -RRB- like the interface . There are some deficiencies on the interfaces but the strengths outweigh the weaknesses.The bottome line - do n't waste your money on this software .
 DO NOT try the Plan Plus trial download . It is really buggy especially when synching with Palm . Had to hard reset my Palm and reinstall my Palm stuff on my laptop.Installation seemed easy enough . Sluggish when launching Outlook . Synching created three e-mail fields on my Palm . First field contained the name of the contact , with garbage in the other 2 fields . Lost 95 % of my e-mail addresses . No confirmation message when deleting mail from Delete folder . Activating a `` mailto '' in a webpage is very slow . Looks like FranklinCovey wanted to get the product out the door for a Fall launch more than anything else.Perhaps technology should be left to the people who know it . And FC should concentrate on its core competencies .
 Essentially corrupted and clobbered a basically sound computer . And I ca n't kill it . Like the BLOB it keeps coming back . This is the worst software experience I 've had in 22 years of computing .
 I 've used Franklin planner for 6 years , I thought I would switch to Plan PLus to keep my outlook contacts and planner contacts in one place . Plan Plus wouldnt install hot sync so I had to reinstall my old planner so I could use my hand held . The new version has some good enhancements , but I much prefer many of the enhancements in the last version of Franklin Planner . If I were to go back one step I would just upgrade to the New Franklin PLanner Software , and not purchase Plan Plus
 This was a great idea to link the Franklin Planner with Outlook ; easy and simple to use . But , it just does not work . I have had this for one week , and have only experienced one half of one day where it worked without a problem . It has had to be deleted and reloaded everyday , with hours spent on the phone with customer service . Yes , they have a patch that claimed to have fixed all the problems ; it worked great , until the computer was turned off and rebooted - it STOPPED WORKING AGAIN ! This product was released before it was ready and tested properly . WAIT FOR NOW !
 It 's interesting reading here and other forums how buggy this software is , yet they continue with the poor support . I tried for weeks to get version 6 working without luck . I just saw an announcement for v7 and downloaded the free trial . I am running the latest versions of win7 and Outlook . AFter install the first thing you see is a script error which also plagued v6 . The next thing I notice is most of my to-do list has disappeared . Uninstalled , restored from backup . I wo n't be trying them again . It does n't work . They wo n't fix it .
 I have installed the trial on two different XP-boxes and I spend more time clicking error notices than using it . THE SOFTWARE IS NOT EVEN ALPHA ! Download from FC site and try it out if you are considering it . It will save you money .
 Do n't buy it to use on Win XP . Versions less than 7.0 were wonderful on older Operating systems ie Win 95 , 98 2000 and ME . Suite 7.0 is not user friendly . Look for a program elsewhere that has the same benefits .
 If you 're seriously looking for high quality CAD symbols , do n't waste your money on this . I was very disappointed with the quality . Some of the `` Symbols '' consist of only two lines .
 The most annoying bug in my experience of running this software under Windows 2000 is that every time I open it , the toolbars have each moved down to a separate line , and I must realign them all in one row . Frequently and inexplicably , the work panes have all shrunk , and I must resize them all manually -LRB- this is not simply done with one click of a Restore button -RRB- . So , for a software package that advertises that it 's going to help you organize your time , it fails from the start . The interface is clumsy -- it 's still operating in the Windows 3.1 days and struggling to keep up with the current Microsoft interface . Clearly , Franklin Covey has not invested in software design and maintenance . The product is loaded with bugs . There is no added advantage to using this product over Microsoft Outlook . Scheduling is a joke .
 I bought this product on the basis of its high user ratings . But I found many quirks that get in the way of it performing its simple tasks . The software , its documentation , and Acronis 's website do n't answer some obvious questions . What 's worse is that there is no telephone support for installation and first use , with a tepid promise of an e-mail tech support response in 48 hours . Here are some of the many quirks that put stumbling blocks in the way of easy use
 I have two complete sets of image CDs for my system burned on two different burners -LRB- and verified -RRB- on two different brands of media . My XP system got hosed-up -LRB- lsass.exe issue -RRB- and I figured I 'd break out the old DI6 boot CD and just re-image . Surprise , it can read the last CD in order to select that archive to restore from , but it ca n't read either CD1 and justs posts an error that the media may be of poor quality . In addition , it reset the hard drive partition -LRB- all is lost -RRB- prior to ever checking to see if you had media and that it was readable . So now , you ca n't try to just re-install XP , you have to format and rebuild from scratch .
 Loaded in the program and tried to re-boot . Could n't . Contacted Acronis by email . Fast response . Two files replaced in safe mode . Did n't work . Two more . They worked . But , the rest of the story . While this was going on , I tried the program on my unused backup computer . Did n't work . Even the replacement files did n't work . I have a friend who said he would try it . It did n't work . Not even with the new files . I am keeping my old backup program backing up the TrueImage , just in case .
 I bought this product and returned it two weeks later . I will give Acronis credit for having a no-questions-asked 30-Day refund policy.Here are my reasons -LRB- copied from a support forum I posted to -RRB- : I consider myself burned because I trusted PC Magazine 's high rating of this product too much and have been extremely disappointed as a result . Instead of investing time to find some reasonable open-source alternative or to make sure all the features I expected were present and functional , I just ponied up the $ 50 -LRB- or whatever -RRB- to buy TI version 7.0 . Mistake , so far.Here are my complaints :1 . No partial backup/filtering feature . Foolishly , I assumed that the software would give me the flexibility to mark portions of the filesystem to be included in the backup . No dice . I understand that Acronis considers entire-disk backup/cloning/restoration to be their sweet spot , but the lack of this feature makes the software far less attractive to the home user , in my opinion .2 . Massive size of incremental backup images ! After an initial full backup that was 13 GB big , I hoped for daily incremental backups that were in the tens of MB range . No ! Instead , I get seemingly random sizes anywhere between 100 MB and 1 GB -LRB- so far -RRB- . At first , I thought I could rectify this by taking point 1 above into consideration . So , I moved everything within reason off of my target partition -LRB- including , laboriously , Documents and Settings , in an effort to avoid things like my browser caches -RRB- and made sure that the partition Windows lives on is no longer included in the backup . The result ? Slightly smaller file sizes , but not much . I 'm still anywhere between 100 and 500 MB every night . Obviously no good for nightly `` incremental '' backups .3 . Support . First I was disappointed because the only FAQ or support info Acronis offers is entirely pre-sales focused . Sorry , Acronis , but it 's really worthless from a post-sales perspective ! The manual is OK , but it 's long on peripheral info -LRB- do we really need another source of information on disk partition structure ? -RRB- and short on real rubber-meets-road usage information . To top this off , I formally wrote a support request to Acronis tech support on 6/7 and finally received a reply over one week later . By then , I had already figured out everything except the file size issue , and the answer I received did nothing more than restate the `` sectors , not files '' point I 've already read here a bunch of times . I would suggest a formal KnowledgeBase -LRB- an honest Support FAQ instead of a Marketing FAQ -RRB- to house some of these more frequent `` answers , '' instead of relying on 1-1 e-mail or this forum.My situation is simple
 I 'm a software consultant so I run brand-name software on an IBM Thinkpad computer with Windows2000 and a vanilla but loaded system.Bad News
 I tried to install this on a win98se system and even though I installed and uninstalled 3 times , I kept getting the message can not initialize , and modules not found each time I started the hunk of junk . The only somewhat uniques thing about my win98 system is the windows directory is windows2 . I do n't think they tested this very well .
 ... The product worked , but it is under documented , written in broken english and makes false promises.YOU MUST HAVE UDF PACKET WRITING SOFTWARE INSTALLED IN YOUR SYSTEM . This means that unless you want to pay Extra for Roxios Easy cd/dvd Creator or Nero with InCd this product is useless if you want to burn a disc for back up ...
 The program is powerful , but the interface is very confusing . I 've been struggling with it all day now , and i still ca n't get it to behave predictably . Figuring out where drawing elements are going to end up -LRB- in 3D mode -RRB- is very , very tricky . I 've been through the tutorials , but i 'm still deeply in trial and error mode . Frustrating.You have to keep telling it to redraw the images , otherwise you wind up with leftovers on the drawing surface.BTW , i 've been a professional software developer for almost 20 years -LRB- DOS , UNIX , Windows , Pocket PC -RRB- and i 'm an electrical engineer -- not a novice at this stuff !
 True , it 's easy to install and use . But , without the ability to add grids -LRB- like feet , inches , etc. -RRB- it 's useless . Very limited functionality in selecting and modifying selections -LRB- i.e. can insert a tree but the description remains , you ca n't remove it -RRB- . Non-standand in terms of Windows , like right click on an object and expect to edit the properties , forget it . House designs , deck designs , etc. limited in color and type . It 's cheap , but still not worth the price . I 'll be doing my planning on graph paper instead of this .
 As the previous reviewer stated , it does n't seem possible to specify any kind of dimensions with your drawings . I bought this software for the purpose of designing the landscaping in my back yard . I measured my house and my fencing but there 's no place to put these measurements in the software . This renders it basically useless for all but the most simplistic or rough designs .
 This software is extremely frustrating to work with . You ca n't even draw a simple straight line ! How does one make an organization chart without the ability to add straight lines or arrows !? I would NOT recommend Instant Flowcharts to anybody .
 I used Version 8 and 9 and NEVER experienced a problem . Version 10 . latest version is terrible . Crash and burn . Do n't take their advice and re-install your operating system . Its THEIR software and not the OS . Amazon and Pinnacle -LRB- Avid -RRB- continue to sell this product even though its terrible . I read it was re-written for version 10 and they CA N'T get it right . Nonetheless , they still charge full price and for support calls . The upgrade should have been free.There are several good products now so Pinnacle is n't your only choice . I changed to Sony Vegas and am very happy but it does a have a learning curve . For super simple try Ulead or one of the others .
 The fact that you purchased our software after several hundred 1 star reviews is proof that you 're an idiot -LRB- high five -RRB- . I tried using the trial version with Vista , no-go . Vista did n't like it so I called the sales dept at Pinnacle and the sales guy said that the full version was compatible . After going back to Pinnacle 's website I read where the latest version was beta , it might work with Vista but we 're not sure and by the way it 's not supported by Pinnacle . So I loaded it on another PC with XP and it took 45 minutes to install , then 2 minutes to start up and 2 seconds to crash . Uninstalled it and sure enough it hosed the SQL server version that XP installed . So even the free trial cost me a lot of my time which I do n't consider free .
 The product is good in features , but very unstable . It crashes easily . Good to play with for kids , bad for serious users who want to edit videos .
 Dont buy this product if you have external drives on your PC . When I connect my digital camcorder to capture movies into Studio 10 , I lose connection to some of my external firewire hard drives . Pinnacle support 's answer is
 Do n't buy this product . After several attempts , and multiple packages of software , this product did not load on a computer that met all the system requirements . We tried phone support , and that was as poor as the product . Look elsewhere .
 This is the biggest piece of bloatware I 've ever seen . Just to give you an idea of how bloated this is , it installs its own copy of SQL Server -LRB- which by the way might screw up your existing SQL Server installations like it did mine -RRB- . Whoever was the ` architect ' for this product should be fired asap .
 Video output at 100 % quality is pixellated . The product mangles the raw footage when it brings it in . I have a Sony HD camcorder FX1 and it takes remarkable video . It might as well be a $ 500.00 el cheapo because of what Pinnacle does to it upon rendering .
 WORST ... SOFTWARE ... EVER ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME LIKE MYSELF AND SO MANY OTHER POOR SOULS DID ! Read the reviews , cnet also . Go to the Pinnacle Support User Forum Site -LRB- pinnaclesys dot com -RRB- and read the countless people who ca n't get it to work.This software just does n't work , end of story . You will be more upset about your time wasted than your money , buy anything but this . Render error , render error , render error ... you will have nightmares about crashes and render errors , no wait , they are real . The only person who should buy this is the smart lawyer who is going to start the class action lawsuit against Pinnacle for selling us something that is not even beta quality , it is pure crapware , try to make anything longer than 20 minutes with transitions and it does not work , period .
 Crashes on every thing I try to do . I 've never seen such a poor excuse for a program . I paid 70 dollars for it and am now throwing it in the TRASH.EDIT
 The reviews are accurate . I used it for the first time this morning and it has crashed with blue screen EVERY time . Biggest waste of money I have spent so far on video editing . Believe the reviews !!!
 I downloaded the trial version 10 from their website . Installed it , rebooted , ran it and got a trial version has expired message . Uninstalled it and rebooted . Reinstalled it and rebooted . Ran it again and got the same message along with it locking up and asking me to fill out an error report . I did and clicked ok and got a message to go to control panel to setup an email account to send the message ... !!!!!!!! Uninstalled it and rebooted and moving on with my life ... GOODBYE PINNACLE !!!!
 Potential buyer beware . After several support calls to Pinnacle and hours of following their instructions this product will not even install . I have tried it on 3 different computers with the same results . I would highly recommend not purchasing this product or returning it to the store before you open the box . During the failed installs it also changes several of your registry keys and does n't clean up after itself . There should be something lower than 1 star for this failed attempt at a product .
 Pinnacle Studio can assist the amateur videographer in ... Hold on ... let me start again.Pinnacle Studio can assist the amateur videographer in editing some fairly interesting ... Dang it ! Give me a few minutes here ... Pinnacle Studio can assist ... -LRB- Samuel L Jackson-styled expletive -RRB- ... how many times is this gon na happen ? Start and stop ! Start and stop ! Enough already!One more time . Now , what was I saying?Oh , yeah ... Pinnacle Studio can assist the amateur videographer in editing some fairly interesting video ... if you can keep it up and running.Got the idea?Just adding my voice to the chorus of those have experienced the frustration of the Pinnacle products . This is a bargain-priced product for which you will pay the cost of long hours of irritation and heart-pounding races to meet project deadlines - despite the software malfunctions.After installing the program , installing the patches , uninstalling the program and patches and reinstalling the program and the patches , I am still experiencing too many crashes.If you intend to use this program to piece together a video of Uncle Morty 's birthday party , the family vacation or your neighbor 's kid 's bar mitzvah , the cost and the ease of this program may outweigh the annoyance of its aforementioned weakness . If , however , your video projects fit under the category of `` job description , '' then I suggest spending the money for Adobe Premiere .
 Let me sum up this software `` total junk `` Pinnacle will give you one free support phone call for help , then $ 25 for the next call.They give you free email support , but answer everything but your problem . They try and blame it on Windows XP , and will have you reload Windows.I owned Studio 8 , and it worked fine . Went to Studio 9 , and had a few problems . Upgraded to Studio 9 Plus , and after a week of trying to make it render my projects with no sucess , and crash after crash , I removed it from my machine.They sent me an offer of their all new 10.5 plus upgrade , Hollywood FX , 3 of their Premium packs , and a hat that says Studio 10 on it . This said that the program had been rebuilt from bottom up . This program should be called `` Crash after Crash '' , and the only thing that works is the hat.If you feel the urge to waste $ 100 , and hours of your time , just buy this product.Look at the reviews on Studio 10 , and the other Studio products , and most only have one star . Out of over 100 reviews over 95 % had one star . I found one with 5 stars , but looking at the reviewers other reviews he is obviously an employee , or share holder in the company . He wrote a 1 star review on a Sony competative product , and 5 star reviews for other Pinnacle products that you would not own if 10.5 worked .
 I had purchased this item because the university had the version 9 and it was nice . Teacher had forwarned us `` Do not buy this product ... I am only letting you guys use this because this is the most easiest software for video editing `` Did I listen ? No . Silly me purchased this for use in my home because I did n't want to spend hours doing this in the cold school lab . I took hours of video footage . I also used my own voice in some videos like I was suppose to ... When it was time to upload my videos into `` movies '' and save it for an AVI form ... it worked in three of my movies ... then ... crashed ... and crashed ... and crashed ... and crashed ... So my final project for this class is half done . My presentation for my class was as if I did n't put hours and hours of editing since I was only able to show the 2 out of the 10 videos I did for the class . Thanks to Pinnacle and this POS software , I am expecting an extremely bad grade.Never buy this product . Ever . Go and get some other video program from other sources . You can download a nice one to preview it and if you like it you can pay the same price . NEVER buy this product .
 I 've been a user of Pinnacle version 8 -LRB- which I loved -RRB- , and needed to update to a version that could burn dual layer DVDs . What a disappointment this `` upgrade '' has been . Crash after crash . What is most disappointing is that Pinnacle built in a feed back system so the users could `` help '' them develop a better product . This means to me that they knowingly released bad code , and used their customers as guinny pigs while sticking us for a $ 100 . Guess what , I do n't want to help Pinnacle build a better product . I want a product that works when I purchase it.Lesson learned . Next time I read a bad review on a product , I 'm staying away .
 I have studio plus 10.5 , not the titanium version , but I am writing my review here because amazon does not appear to carry the standard version.First , if you do not have a firewire port , you are not able to import your footage from your camera , regardless of what type of connection you have . Secondly , you are unable to import footage from a DVD . The manual and online help clearly say this is possible , but it just is n't . The last and biggest gripe is the features . Only a portion of the editing tools or effects are made available to you with this version . If you want to do certain things , like import mpeg3 video , you must purchase an activation code !!! Yes I said PURCHASE . If you want the extra features , you must PURCHASE activation codes for each one separately which will nickel and dime you to death -LRB- the only one I looked into cost $ 3.99 -RRB- This program seems more like something you would download off of tucows to try , rather than purchase at a store.I ca n't get past my frustration with having to pay to do every single thing I want to for me to recommend this product for what it does have .
 I have been using Studio 8 for some time to edit videos , add titles and menus , and adjust audio and video . Other than an occasional crash , Studio 8 actually worked well , was easy to use , and had many features only found in high-end video production products.I was excited when Pinnacle came out with 10.5 Titanium . I had read the reviews about Version 10 and problems , but I figured they were now on version 10.5 and all the problems had been worked out . Whoa , was I ever wrong . First of all , Studio 10.5 crashed when installing the bonus CD that came with it . Next , the activation key that comes with registering the bonus did not work . Tryed again , reinstall and activate or unlock a feature and still did not work . Okay , so I ca n't use that feature , lets fire it up and create a video . My editing system is not the newest but by no means is it a slouch either . I have a 1.8 gh system with 1gb ram and an 128mb 8x-AGP NVidia graphics card . The first thing I noticed upon reboot is the additional 3 services Pinnacle added to my system startup to slow it down . When I first fired up Studio 10 , it took nearly 2 minutes for the program splash to go away and program to come up . I then imported a video from DVD -- another 10 minutes for 40 minute video . Okay , so now I have a video and everything is great , lets start editing . First thing I noticed is wow , this is really , I mean really , slow . Adding a simple text caption takes about 2 minutes after waiting for 3 hour glasses -LRB- one to open the add text caption , one to set options , and one to save your text caption and update the video -RRB- . Next I wanted to check out all the great features of the Titanium edition . Hey , all the features are premium . Okay , I will just click on the link to add this feature . Good Gosh , another $ 20 bucks for just one feature that I have in version 8 . Wait somethings not right . Yep , thats right , got a lot of features that 8 does not have but they are all locked . You have to pay $ 10 to $ 20 for each package and there are tons of them . So , I decided to make just a basic video with a basic menu . I created a 12 minute video with 4 chapters and main menu . Next I clicked on Make Movie and Create DVD . Set up to burn to DVD direct and clicked go . After 20 minutes , the menu still had not been rendered . I left the house and came back 4 hours later only to find out it was still rendering movie.Conclusion
 I 've worked with Pinnacle Studio versions 8.0 , 9.0 , 9.4 . , 10.0 , and this one . And they 've all had two things in common :1 . When the program works , it 's superb .2 . The other 50 % of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard.For years , Pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing/authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . Studio Plus v10 .5 is no exception.Lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . At last , others have emulated the Pinnacle platform while eliminating the work/creativity-killing bugs.My advice ? Shop around . Google the competition . But save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything Pinnacle .
 I was not very satisfied with this product . I could not get the software installed , so I called tech support and they informed me to uninstall the software , and then reinstall it , but to uninstall it I would have to download a uninstall utility to do this . I did this and it wiped some of my Windows software out . I had the 10.6 version I think . I sent it back and asked for my money back . Amazon informed me they would , but have not received yet.My son came over and helped me with this program , but he could not get it to install either . He is a Computer Science graduate .
 Do NOT waste your money on this piece of junk software . I used Studio 8 for years with a few minor glitches , but overall it worked . I bought 10.5 `` titanium '' -LRB- more like `` lead '' -RRB- edition to get some new features . I loaded the program first , then later tried to load the `` Bonus '' features . This corrupted the original installation , so I had to re-install . The installation is so invasive that I had to do a System Restore to get rid of it . It took 16 tries -LRB- no exagerrating -RRB- to install with registry clean-ups in between . It should be a sign when Pinnacle provides a registry cleaning tool of their own on their website . All of this was on a clean , high-end machine . -LRB- Mind you , I am a 30 yr computer professional and no dummy -RRB- If I had n't known where to edit the registry I 'd still be lost.This is the WORST written installation I have ever seen . Pinnacle should be ashamed to charge money for junk like this . It is a shame that what is arguably the best video-editing interface in the industry is attached to such crappy code.Buy Adobe Premiere Elements or Sony Vegas or if you do n't need the high-end features as I do , save ALL your money and use Windows Movie Maker.Don ' t try to use or install this with children around . I promise you will be cursing ! Too bad there is n't a NO STAR rating .
 Studio 9 worked but would occasionally crash . Thought I 'd upgrade to 10.6 . Installed the program , which took forever . Then installed the patch . Then installed the new driver . Now it will not show transition thumbnails , so it is like playing `` Concentration '' trying to remember which blank square holds which transition . Then , it refused to remove clips from the timeline , despite the fact that they were deleted from playback . It just made a frameshift , so that the timeline no longer matched playback . Then , it would not show any thumbnails in the timeline except those originally visible.Don ' t waste your money . I may re-install Studio 9 or just bite the bullet and learn to use the more difficult but more predictable interface of Premiere Elements . Studio 10 is a very disappointing product .
 Among stiff competition , this has to be a contender for the worst software ever , particularly in its price category . Almost nothing works , options are preset and can not be changed . For example , if you use a separate HD you can not select it as an option . Forget about the monikers ` plus ' and ` special ' with ` extras ' . If the package I got indeed comes with ` extras ' the bare-bones software must consist only of an opening screen that says , `` got you sucker ... one born every minute '' . The software is counter-intuitive , does n't actually work and it is very time consuming to establish this . If you bought it , uninstall it , toss it and cut your losses and buy something else . This will drive you to drink .
 When I tried to install Ring Factory , it could n't connect to their server for some reason . I went to their website to find help and after I tried the suggestions from the Help FAQ , it still would n't work . I emailed Ring Factory Support and no one responds . I have tried the demo and I like it -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- but the company sucks -LRB- 1 star -RRB- . Since Ring Factory is powered by ToneThis , I suggest you use that instead ...
 My sister has the Japanese learning kit from this product and she learned so much , so I bought the 102 language kit from the SAME product and it did NOT have all things that my sister has !! Mine does not the colors , alphabet and all the thing you need to learn a language . > : -LRB-
 I 'm a `` veteran '' of defragmentation software . Tested/used includes : Win9x native , McAfee 's -LRB- now defunct -RRB- version , Norton SpeedDisk , Win 2k/XP native , Diskeeper 7.x series , O&O ; Defrag 2000 , SysInternals freeware , Diskeeper Home 9.0 x , Diskeeper Professional 9.0 x , and now , Raxco PerfectDisk 7.0 x.I had my eye on PerfectDisk for some time . Raxco advertises that their 's is `` much faster '' than Diskeeper , so I wanted to get it . I finally got it , and ... WHAT A JOKE ! They brag about how `` fast '' it is . It is * painfully slow * compared to Diskeeper 7x ,9 x -LRB- have n't tried 10x -RRB- and has a beautiful , yet OBSCURE interface that has you `` squinting '' to determine what 's being done @ any given time!I 've used it on Win2k sp4 , WinXP sp2 , and under both Intel and AMD platforms , on various drive sizes . It works S-L-O-W-L-Y in * ALL * cases!Save yourself the headache
 I guess I am the only computer professional that thinks Windows XP 's build-in defragger is better . I 've always thought after PerfectDisk , the system runs SLOWER , but everyone seems to rave about how good it is . Finally , I decided to put my concerns to rest . I imaged my drive , and tested both Windows ' build-in defragger and PerfectDisk on the same imaged drive . Windows ' runs a lot faster but probably did not fully defrag every file . PerfectDisk took almost 3 times longer to complete , AND made the system SLOWER . I benched my system after the defrag , and the PerfectDisk defragged system is signficiantly slower and had a significant increase in random full-seeks . I believe in an attempt to defrag completely , PerfectDisk moved the files around too much and completely screwed up Windows ' prefetching ability and cause prefetching to be ineffective . I also concluded that related files are moved a part , which caused potential full-stroke access to read files that were neighboring prior to defrag . I have stopped using PerfectDisk . I realize that it defrags more complete than Windows ' build-in utility , however , the reason to defrag is to increase system performance and reduce disk access delays . Unfortunately for PerfectDisk , it actually slowed the system down and increased average disk access time . Unless you defrag only once a year and have a really fragmented file system , you will not notice any improvements .
 The product was advertised as Powerbuilder Desktop 8.0 . Instead it was merely an update disk to upgrade your existing version of Powerbuilder from 7.0 to 8.0 . Not remotely the same thing !
 While VED is a great editor , trying to save the files in anything but VED 's proprietary format has been nothing but a pain . Nova technical support has been no help either . I 've spent over $ 200 and several days ' work getting advanced technical support and buying new RAM , all of which were supposed to clear up the errors I was getting . No luck yet.I met a former Project Manager from Nova who told me VED was probably the least favorite product they 've ever produced . I can see why . I 'm moving on to an Adobe product from now on .
 We purchased the 2 sets of DVDs for our 3-year-old daughter because there were n't any Italian classes offered locally . I am very picky about what she watches on TV , and I was not happy with the storyline - I do n't find it suitable for toddlers . It is a love story between a princess and a gardener , there is an evil servant who is also in love with the princess , a king , a queen and a space alien who eats clocks . The alien and the gardener get thrown in prison and break out , meanwhile the evil servant clones the princess to try to get her to fall in love with him . There is fighting , the princess disobeys her parents and runs away with the gardener , basically themes I do n't want my daughter to learn about until she 's much older . I really wish this had been more like other children 's programming like Sesame Street and SuperWhy . My daughter is saying a few words in Italian , but she 's certainly not speaking it . A few things she 's picked up are `` ho fame '' -LRB- I 'm hungry -RRB- , freddo -LRB- cold -RRB- , caldo -LRB- hot -RRB- , susine -LRB- plums -RRB- , buon giorno -LRB- good day -RRB- . For over $ 100 , I expected a lot more , and certainly something more age-appropriate .
 The program itself is a good tool for learning a foreign language . However , I ordered directly from the company -LRB- early advantage -RRB- , and the quality of the actual dvds is horrid . I 've had to call and request replacement dvds because the center of the each dvd is cracking and beginning to chip away . I would n't complain , except this is te THIRD time it has happened , and now the company claims it 's ` most unusual ' for this to happen . The first two representatives I spoke with -LRB- last year -RRB- , admitted that the dvds were part of a batch that had problems with this cracking . However , the person today said that was not the case , and they need to physically inspect the dvds before they can replace them . Who knows how long that will take . Their customer service went from a 10 to a 1 -LRB- 10 being great , 0 , non-existent -RRB- in my book . Too bad , because the program is a great way to get my kids familiar with a foreign language .
 The concept is to allow your child to create -LRB- from a set of templates -RRB- paper dolls and outfits . Being a Crayola product , naturally the point is to design the doll 's outfits using an array of colors . This would be a lot of fun ... but many of the lighter colors -LRB- white , all yellows , some tans -RRB- do n't work ! Yellow turns brown ; dandelion turns blue ; gold turns gray . I sure hope Crayola does n't think it 's teaching my daughter her colors . To add to the frustration , the only tech support listed with the disc is in the form of a very generic web site that tells me the no-brainer stuff like `` try re-booting '' or `` uninstall/reinstall . `` This could have been a nice game but instead is more frustrating than entertaining .
 I have a lot of experience with GPS and when I was looking for mapping software to go on my Bluetooth , Mapopolis seemed to offer a lot for the money . It actually has a decent display and can navigate around town OK , which is why it has gotten some good reviews online . But if you really try to use it for serious navigating , it falls well short of what you should expect for the price . This review is for version 4.6 . The biggest problem Mapopolis has is selecting maps for navigating off of . You have to manually load maps , by name . If you knew the names of the places you were going so well , you probably would n't need a GPS ! This is especially bad for the European maps , which have long names that go off the right side of the display - but there is no scroll bar to see the rest of the names ! There is no interactive map for selecting maps , like on most serious GPS software . You can select individual maps off of the actual navigation display , along your route , but only if you already have a navigation solution ! Do you see the Catch 22 there?It also has a very clumsy interface for selecting your navigation destination . Normally you would type , say D-E-N if you were looking for Denver , and those names starting with DEN would pop up , the more letters you type , the more the options are narrowed down . But with Mapopolis , after you type the `` E '' , it jumps from the `` Ds '' to the `` Es '' . This can be very frustrating if you are dealing with a large map area . I have been half way to my destination some times before I finally got things working , and do n't expect to do it while you 're driving!There are other very clumsy aspects to the interface , but it would take a lot of space to describe them all . The program also does n't handle the maps well as you zoom out and bogs down the memory . Overall it 's a very amateurish program.I ended up writing off the money I spent on this as a waste , and went with a program called iGuidance which I much prefer . Incidentally , Mapopolis offers a money back guarantee within 30 days , but only if you have n't downloaded more than 4 maps -LRB- that 's about 4 counties -RRB- . So you wo n't see most of these problems if you limit yourself to 4 maps .
 Does not work with Windows Vista as stated . It 's not compatible and wo n't install . If it does n't work , then it 's pretty much useless .
 im sorry two stars book did not offer any information that i couldnt get off the internet free of charge not happy with this one
 I returned product because it was the same as the online video . I was deceived into thinking it was much more including receipes . BE Careful how you interpet the reviews . I lost alot $ 5.10 of money to return .
 I would not recommend Garmin at all because of their new software policy . I just bought my 2nd Garmin device , and I CAN NOT load already purchased software on it . Once Garmin software gets loaded on a GPS , it is tied to that particular unit FOREVER , and can not be transferred to a newer unit you may buy . You have to buy a SECOND COPY of the software & install it again , that 's right , two copies of the same software on you computer . Just say no to this BS & get a different brand.Their policy is nowhere to be found before you buy the software
 First , I had n't realized that there is a big difference between buying this on a DVD vesus a memory card . If you buy it on the disk , it can only be loaded on ONE device . If you buy the card , you can insert it and use it in multiple devices . I have a Garmin Vista -LSB- My third Garmin -RSB- , which I use for backpacking . I was also thinking of buying a Nuvi for an upcoming trip to Europe . Now I am stuck loading it on ONE device.Second , installation was a huge pain . To install , you have to register your GPS with Garmin . To register it , you need an ID number for your GPS . In my case , that number was supposed to be on a sticker in the battery compartment . My sticker was missing . Getting my GPS registered required two phone calls to tech support ; each with long waits on hold . The Tech Support at Garmin was not friendly , and I was belittled for having a five year old GPS . Even after getting my unit registered , the software would n't load . This required two calls to tech support.After learning that the DVD could only used with one device , the folks at tech support were unsympathetic . The attitude was , `` How can you be so dumb as to think it would work on two devices ? '' This was even when I made it clear that it was costing them the sale of a new Nuvi . They would not exchange the DVD for the memory card , and they said that - since I had opened the package - Amazon would not exchange it.I had such a bad experience with Garmin that I will look long and hard at Magellan for my next GPS unit .
 Last year we traveled to France and rented a Tom Tom navigation system with our rental car . It worked great . This year we bought a Garmin Unit -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- and a Europe insert -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- . It often mislead us , taking us off main routes to wander the countryside on narrow roads . A Tom Tom unit that covers North America and Europe is $ 160 . I do not know how Tom Tom does in the US but it is much better in Europe . Our Taxi driver in Rome used a Tom Tom .
 The City Navigator software is fine actually , but the one star is to be sure this major flaw is known . We used it to create 15 routes for use in France . However , when we transferred these routes to our Gpsmap 76csx and ran the `` Demo '' mode on the handheld , we found that the routes were not the same as those created in Mapsource with City Navigator . Instead of routing around the Paris traffic mess , the handheld took us through it.After several iterations with Garmin support , we were told that the Mapsource program on which City Navigator runs uses a DIFFERENT ALGORITHM for calculating routes . So , when the handheld calculates the route it comes out different . Garmin suggested adding waypoints to the routes created in Mapsource/City Navigator to make the handheld routes come out the same . Pain in the A.
 The navigation system I am using is nuvi 255W and it performs well in both Canada and the US . I bought City Navigator Europe NT maps for my trip to the United Kingdom hoping them to be useful during our driving in England . However , to my great disappointment , it was a nightmare . First , the device did n't want to recognize the maps and catch satellites and I had to go through a bunch of non-documented tricks including turning numerous options on and off before it started functioning as needed but only at a first glance . During the driving the device was always locating us off the road and losing the whole chunks of maps and all that happened within 100 miles from London . The only piece of stable functionality was a short way from the Heathrow Airport to London 's outskirts when the device reported that there were no maps at all available for it . Overall , the maps were totally useless and I had to use my cell phone navigation which incurred extra charges . Back in Canada , my nav system is fully functioning again with North America 's maps . Definitely , can not recommend these maps to anyone .
 I bought the maps to help me navigate around Sicily . The product was less than helpful in doing that . I would summarize the issues as follows : * Poor recognition of input names . For example you must spell out long names for towns and streets . Any misspelling or deletion of an `` article '' for a name will cause the system to fail to find the location . There is none of the intelligence you get from systems like google maps . * Direction are often the most difficult way to get someplace . Several times I was sent down very narrow , barely passable streets only to find there was a major road that went to the same place . At least three times I was sent down the wrong direction on a one way street . * The system gives you street names as the primary indicator , even though street names in towns are rarely marked at each intersection . * Pronunciation of Italian names is unintelligible.So buying this product is a waste of money Its very disappointing that Garmin can not do better .
 If you purchase the DVD version , you will have to register it with your GPS and the map will be locked to it forever . You are better off gettingGarmin City Navigator Europe NT 2012 Map Card MicroSD/SD . The microSD/SD-card version has the same detail as the DVD version . The advantage - especially if you are not planning to take many trips to Europe - is that with the map on the card , you can share it , give it to a friend , or you can sell it ! So , it is like renting the map . Also , if you decide to upgrade your GPS , or if your GPS stops working , you can use the map on SD-card in your new GPS .
 After a recent trip to western Europe we returned home with smiles and snears.The three countries that had been installed by me on the Garmin 1300 were in places I did n't plan on visiting.I believe they were the `` latest '' entries to the total grouping . After my attempted installation I tried to test the potential of the new information prior to the journey 's onset . I could not . Indoors OR out of doors.It should n't take a `` techie '' to install workable contents of the Garmin City Navigator Europe NT . What appears to have been simple -- should have been ...
 We bought Garmin 's City Navigator -LRB- a confusing name since it covers the road system as well as city streets -RRB- Europe NT chip for our Garmin 255W in August '10 for our use in Europe in Sept ' 10 . The chip was advertised as being the most up-to-date chip available . We used it with our 255 in Germany , Austria , Slovania , Croatia , and Italy . The unit worked relatively well as long as we stayed on the freeways , however on portions of the autobahn in former East Germany that was rebuilt at least 10 years ago , the unit got `` lost '' on several occasions , telling us to turn around and go back , or to make left or right turns onto non-existent roads . In like manner , the directions it gave to long-existent towns and within towns and cities along Croatia 's northern coast and northern Italy were often totally wrong . Had we followed the Nuvi directions we would have wound up driving in circles and becoming totally lost . We wound up relying on road maps and using the Nuvi as a back-up rather than the other way around . Garmin should review the Europe chip accuracy and up-grade their Europe chips as soon as possible . In the meantime should reduce the price they charge and suggest using a road map in conjunction with the Nuvi until they are able to vouch for the accuracy of their product .
 europe NT - three of us tried multiple download tries . No luck . Garmin phone help could not resolve said send it in . we did and they exchanged the new garmin we purchased thru Amazon for a refurbished Garmin . Still no help . tried three other computers . No resolve . Tried the Amazon review help reviews . What a bust . Sendig it all back . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B003ZX8B2S Garmin n&uuml;vi 1450LMT 5-Inch Portable GPS Navigator with Lifetime Map & Traffic Updates
 The installation instructions for this software a joke , what is existing does not help much . I searched user groups and product reviews to get some hints , and still did not get it right the first time . Even if you get a hunch on how to proceed with installation , nothing in the process appears to be logical or intuitive . You are left at several points with the question `` what do they really mean ? - what do I need to do know ? '' . For example , you have to know that you should install the software on a memory card , otherwise you would overwrite your US software in the memory of your Garmin . Before you finally install , you have to select every single area you want to have installed by selecting them on the -LRB- tiny -RRB- overview map of Europe one after another . They have cut Europe into a lot of separate areas , some pretty big , a lot of others are very small -LRB- but these are very often the critical metropolitan areas and easy to miss -RRB- . I went throught this process several times after overlooking some tiny areas like Berlin or Paris . You can not simply go back and correct your mistake , you have to start all over again . How likely is it that you will miss some little areas again ? I did.Once I arrived in Europe it took a considerable amount of time for the Garmin to find the sattelites . After that the system worked fine . Unfortunately , my return flight was out of Munich . My Garmin did not find Munich , the city , nor Munich , the airport -LRB- the second largest airport in Germany -RRB- . I obviously had overlooked this tiny spot on the tiny selection map and had not included it for installation.Again , once the sortware is installed , the system is working fine . Getting there is a nightmare ; even Microsoft is nowadays doing a better job in software interface development than Garmin . My advice , only buy it if you absolutely need it -LRB- my rental car had a built-in navigation system ; though France was not installed , so my Garmin came in handy -RRB- ; if you absolutely need it , give yourself enough time before departure to try installation again , and again , and again -LRB- and still miss some tiny but very critical areas -RRB- .
 The CN Europe NT maps for Europe are a surprisingly difficult installation . The documentation is confusing and poorly written . The process requires that you find and enter a number of codes -LRB- product code , serial number , unlock code , unit code , etc. -RRB- without suggesting where you might find them or what they might look like . All this is required so that you can then struggle with unfamiliar software for uploading sections of maps.I expected this to be like the relatively hassle-free North American map update . That one is straightforward and uploads the entire NA map in one action . Of course , until I get to Europe , there is no way to tell if I have uploaded the maps I need and whether the auto-routing feature will work.This is not an Amazon problem , it is Garmin 's `` not user friendly '' design that is at fault .
 I 've very used to using a Garmin Nuvi and find them very helpful in the US . We bought this map for use in ITALY . However , while this DVD provided capable routing directions , we could not understand the spoken directions -- not because they were in Italian ; but because the spoken pronunciation did n't sound anything like the Italian version ! As a result , when you were trying to confirm a highway or street name for a turn , you had to tap the screen each time to get the written street name . This is a BIG problem in Italy where drivers are crazy . Our view is Garmin needs to change their voice algorithms for Italian words to more closely resemble spoken Italian . We eventually only used this as a backup and navigated by map -- which we luckily brought with us for the trip .
 My son loves this game but multiple times per session he is asking `` daddy why is the computer frozen ? '' . There is a patch online to make it work with Vista and another patch for crash bugs but after installing both the product is still VERY unstable . I expect a lot more from LEGO.There are cut scenes with guns , but no killing , if that is a concern .
 CD is for windows 98 even though it says XP on the cover , also requires a patch which has a lot of problems installing and I am an IT professional .
 You need to stay away from this version of VPC 5 . The Win 2K OS does not come as a seperate disk . If the need ever arises to reinstall the OS , it looks like you will have to reinstall the complete VPC program . This could destroy any specific configurations to other operating systems you may have installed within VPC 5 . This issue has not been addressed by Connectix , the product developer . I have looked on their website and FAQ forums and I have not observed any fix for the reinstallation problem.My suggestion is that you purchase the basic VPC 5 program without the OS and that you purchase Win 2K seperately . I would avoid purchasing the Connectix OS pack and just purchase the OS directly . I have installed 7 different OS from Linux 4.5 to 7.0 , Win 95/98/SE , Win NT , MSDOS 5 and 6 and have not run into any problems during the installation .
 After you try to load this software on a Mac 8500 w/G3 w / 1 gb hard drive , you are told that the internal hard drive must be able to accept 1.5 gb.Moving everything but the system file to attached 10gb drive still wo n't allow it to load.Also you learn that the G3 must run at 400mhz . Sure would have been nice to have had this info before spending money ... . Never even got close to loading Windows2000 !
 After you try to load this software on a Mac 8500 w/G3 w / 1 gb hard drive , you are told that the internal hard drive must be able to accept 1.5 gb.Moving everything but the system file to attached 10gb drive still wo n't allow it to load.Also you learn that the G3 must run at 400mhz . Sure would have been nice to have had this info before spending -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . Never even got close to loading Windows2000 !
 I recently purchased Virtual PC 5 with Windows 98 for my 600 MHz iMac . My only purpose for buying it was to play some of the awesome games designed for Windows . As I searched for info about Virtual PC 's capability of playing these games , I found nothing that discouraged me from buying it . After I got it home I discovered my answer in the `` Read Me '' file , so here it is straight from the documentation ... `` Virtual PC is not recommended as a gaming solution for the Mac . Virtual PC does not provide the resources many PC games require to run , such as hardware accelerated 3D video . `` If you 're considering it for this reason , do n't waste your money like I did .
 I recently migrated to a fully loaded PowerBook w/maximum memory and the biggest disk available . The few Windows applications I needed to run could -LRB- I thought -RRB- be handled by the Virtual PC for Mac software . I 've been in the technology business for 30 + years and know my way around both hardware and software . While the installation went well , and even after applying the required software update v5 .01 from the Connectix web site , the software basically does n't perform as advertised . Problems encountered
 This is an amazing product in what it is able to do . Unfortunately the OSX version is too slow to really be usable for any real work . I 'm running on a G4/867Mhz and do n't have near the performance I did in OS9 . Hopefully version 5.1 will be faster ...
 I upgraded from VPC 3.0 hoping the upgrade would get me better performance , and I 'd be able to migrate to OS X. I have a Blue & White G3/300 MHz/256 MB RAM.VPC 5.0 barely runs under OS X , although to Connectix 's credit , they recommend 350 MHz + . Perhaps if I had a faster CPU and more memory , things might be better . For now though , it looks like running VPC in OS X is out . In OS 9 , I find the older version runs faster in all aspects.Both of my objectives -LRB- OS X migration and better performance -RRB- were not met . If you have an older G3 like me , do n't bother to upgrade . It 's a step in the wrong direction .
 I bought this program to run one Windows program for a Garmin GPS receiver . I have a newer model Imac with 1 gig of memory , so it 's not short of resources . I was completely frustrated and finally gave up . To begin with , Connectix ' documentation is very bad . You get to the installation instructions about 3/4ths of the way through the manual . They are incomplete and unclear . The onscreen instructions are just as bad
 I am a recent Mac convert . I have used Windows machines for many , many years . When I bought my IMac , I had heard about this program and was very excited ... just think the best of both worlds , OS X and Windows XP Home . I plunked down my hard-earned ... and boy am I disappointed . THIS SOFTWARE IS BEYOND SLOW !!!! The documentation is lacking , the installation took several hours , and I now remember why I switched to a Mac in the first place . Believe me when I say , PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE !!!! YOU WILL REGRET IT IF YOU DO . IT IS MUCH , MUCH TOO SLOW TO BE OF ANY USE .
 This review is based on assessment of the evaluation version of the software . I love the idea of the program . It provides a platform in which to record a personal journal and life time-line , and to place it in the context of world events . The package seems easy to use and has `` time capsule '' import options that enable you to import events in -LRB- e.g. -RRB- US or British history and display them alongside your own entries . There is also a genealogy import option -LRB- which I have n't tested -RRB- . So far so good.However , the program seems dated and poorly supported . There has n't been a software update in 2 years . The `` FAQ '' section of the company 's homepage contains just one single entry , the `` Forums '' page contains no messages at all , and the `` Join the mailing list '' link is broken . Also , the time capsules mentioned above are evidently not being updated , e.g. the most recent event listed in US history is 9/11 . Incredibly , the most recent event listed in British history is the Falklands war , almost 30 years ago . All this leads me to speculate that the program is poorly supported , if at all , and is likely to soon become obsolete , so it does n't seem like a good investment of time or money . Too bad . Hopefully something better will come along to replace it - perhaps a journal version of Google Calender ? That would be nice.On a more positive note , the program does have the ability to export data into a spreadsheet , which could presumably be imported into another program down the road -LRB- however , you do need to purchase the software for this to work , it is not available with the free evaluation version that I tested -RRB- .
 I bought the software -LRB- Jasc Paint Shop Pro 9 -RRB- before I bought my camera - to be ready to process the pictures I was going to take.A BIG MISTAKE.I bought a Canon 30D camera and record my images in RAW format -LRB- * . CR2 -RRB- . UNFORTUNATELY , not all Canon . CR2 RAW files are the same . So , even though the software says you can edit . CR2 RAW images , it depends on which Canon camera made the image . So far , there have been no update patches or upgrades to make the RAW images from my 30D useable by this package .
 I have used paint shop pro from it 's early days and to tell you the truth I have n't seen much improvements from then.Delroy Meadowshttp : / / www.bahamasissues.com/archive/
 I recently bought this item . I knew it was the `` old '' version and that that they had recently released a new version . It did n't matter to me since I only wanted to do fairly simple things in terms of photo editing anyway.That being said , you would think that a program with a history as long as Paint Shop Pro , and with a version number of `` 9 '' would be fairly well tuned and usable . Well , that is n't true at all!I spent DAYS -LRB- I 'm not a moron . I use all types of computer software -RRB- trying to figure out how to do a simple thing like crop an image with a fading edge , and paste it onto another image as an inset photo . After I finally figured out how do to it , I executed the command and it went off for 5 minutes grinding my hard drive . As I speak I just terminated the program becaue I was tired of listening to the hard drive grind on my 1 GHz Pentium computer.I 've used picture editing software before and very sophisticated CAD software also . None of it has ever ground my processor to a halt like this piece of CRAP.Don ' t even waste $ 10 on this software . Buy something simple that works.I would be ashamed to work at a company who writes such pathetic software ...
 I 'm a professional graphic designer , and I 've been using PSP -LRB- and Adobe Photoshop -RRB- since the early versions , and I am very disappointed in this version . I bought the upgrade from 7 to 9 , mainly because I was interested in the scripting ability and the new paint brush functions.This new version is more complex than it needs to be , extremely awkward to work with , and it has been heavily `` Corelized '' -LRB- in case you do n't know , recently Paint Shop Pro was purchased by the Corel Corporation -RRB- . One of the most frustrating things about this version are the docking toolbars and palettes -- enough to drive one mad as they are difficult to position and they take up too much space if they 're docked and are constantly in the way if they 're floating . The browse display screen now takes up the whole work area and you have to move the floating tool palettes around if you want to scroll the thumbnail folder up and down.I also dislike the changes that they made to the text functions -- again , more awkward to use , and now you have two palettes to have to bother with , and I 'm still trying to figure out the changes they made with the alpha channel functions . I used to be able to delete them with the click of a button . I ca n't now!Despite these and many other shortcomings , I ca n't deny that the new version has a lot of cool features , such as the one button auto photo enhancement and scripting ability . I wanted this scripting function that could automatically do some of the repetitive things I do to images . This feature saves me a lot of time . So I guess , PSP 9 is not all bad . But they could have added these new features seamlessly to the old layout . Instead they had to go and change just about everything.I just wish that Corel would have left Paint Shop Pro 's integrity intact . I used to use Corel 's Photopaint extensively -- and it seems to me like they 've tried to make Paint Shop Pro 9 similar to that program , which was also hard to use and not very intuitive.I believe that Corel overlooked the fact that one of the great things about Paint Shop Pro has always been its simplicity . I 've always appreciated the fact that it takes me fewer key strokes/clicks to accomplish the same thing in PSP that I could do in one of the other graphic programs , which is why Paint Shop Pro has always been my primary design tool.So , I 'm sorry to report that I 'm giving this version two thumbs down . And believe me , I 'm going to keep PSP 7 on my computer .
 This is n't a review yet ... I will indeed review it if someone will let me know if PSP 9 will work with Win 7 64 bit.I will NOT buy any of the Corel ` updates ' ... as the reviews are overwhelmingly bad . Thank you people for posting them.I have used PSP 3 thru 8 and loved the prog . So I want to continue and will happily purchase the ` old ' version if only I have some assurance that it will work . I suspect it might , as I installed an old Version 7 and it seems fine . I just miss my old version 8 which came installed on my old laptop , but I do n't have the DVD to put onto the new Asus.So ... anybody tried it?TIA.edit 7dec12no answers anywhere ... so no purchase.that is all .
 Have been an staunch fan of Paint Shop pro for many , many years but this version gets the thumbs down . Version 8 had initial problems but this is far worse . I am running it on a Windows ME machine and on my PC it has problems recognising tiff files and the screen capture just does not work . There are numerous other bugs -LRB- including red eye removal -RRB- and I would advise buyers to wait until the software has been patched .
 Works ok , but when selecting printer only default is shown . Also the program does not run well in Vista 64 bit .
 Great software , but terrible -LRB- non-existent -RRB- support ever since Corel bought JASC . You ca n't e-mail PSP tech support anymore and to try to call to get an answer is absolutely ridiculous - Corel disconnected the 800 # , replacing it with a regular phone number which puts you on hold , but is never answered - -LRB- you could theoretically be on hold indefinitely -RRB- . Version 9.0 had so many bugs in it that shortly after 9.0 was released , a 34 MB patch was available . However , since Corel trashed PSP support , they never bothered to notify PSP9 users that a patch was available - even if you had properly registered your software.My advice is to stay away from PSP9 -LRB- and any other Corel software -RRB- until they realize that good tech support is a major reason for continued customer loyalty and subsequent growth in sales .
 Jasc 's Paint Shop Pro was always second fiddle to Adobe 's Photoshop . Loaded with professional level image editing features the `` working person '' could afford . Well since version 8 the quality of this program has plummeted . Coral bought out Jasc and has had a negative influence on the quality level at which there willing to ship a product . The newest version -LRB- 9.0 -RRB- was immediately patched with version 9.01 . That fix did n't solve half of the problems -LRB- but introduce more -RRB- . The bugs are not just with rare , unused feathers but with things like loss-less rotation , saving a file after red-eye removal . The program is slow to load -LRB- about 5 times longer than the version 7 -RRB- . Support forums are full of work-arounds to deal with broken features . E-mail support is non-existent . No reply ... ever . This program is so bug ridden it 's almost unusable . PSP fans used to be proud to recommend Jasc 's image editing software . Now we 're looking at Adobe Elements and trying to decide if going through the learning curve is worth it . Stay away from PSP until the quality control problems are solved .
 I have been frustrated by Davka 's lack of accountability in the program 's flaws . The Judaic texts found in the text library lack proof reading and have an astonishing number of errors in nikkud and spelling . When I inquired about the flaws they responded that the program is sold as-is and no refund or compensation would be granted . This is poor editing and shameful customer support.If that was n't enough , the program is counter-intuitive , especially for those of us who are used to creating documents in MS Word or any other word processing program . The help menu lacks content and is not user friendly.This program has serious problems and a steep learning curve . Purchase at your own risk .
 I believe that this was poor because I along with many others who purchased this thought/under impression it would work with Windows Vista & Windows 7 & does n't so we purchased it for nothing .
 The software was installed on three computers and slowed two down so much I had to remove it on 2 and have not put it back on it worked fine on one of the three
 Until ' 07 , if you had a McAfee suite but only wanted to use some of its components , and use other programs for other aspects of protection , that worked fine . For instance , I use Zone Alarm Pro for firewall and Spyware Doctor for spyware , and McAfee '06 just for virus . This combination has worked fine , but McAfee '07 wo n't install * any * of itself unless all other programs are removed . And that 's a no-go for me , since some components of McAfee -LRB- esp spyware -RRB- were n't rated all that well by reviewers .
 Amazon has this item incorrectly listed ! They are shipping the single user version as pictured !
 This software will not load properly no matter how you try . The online help is no help at all it gives you a few suggestions that all boil down to please try to re-install . Their down loadable wizard informed me after using it that I needed buy the components that did n't load but were on the disk . Try and remove the parts that do actually load and they do not uninstall properly . McAfee has a section devoted to removal of their software but so far all the suggestions have not worked . Need customer service and its $ 2.99 per minute from you 're first call . I have never had such a horrid experience with a software from a `` reputable '' company in a long time . I will never buy McAfee products again .
 I bought this to upgrade my previous version of McAfee Total Protection . The first install was on a laptop , when it configured the wireless security it actually made changes to my WAP setup without notifying me . First of all it said that I did n't have any security set up on the wireless connection -LRB- although I have it set up with disabled SSID , MAC filtering , WPA protection ... -RRB- , and after it was done it had changed the setup to WEP ... Also causing my other wireless PCs -LRB- that do n't have McAfee -RRB- and my Xbox 360 to no longer connect to the network ... So I ended up deinstalling that part.Second PC
 This is the worst software I bought.First , it cost $ 100 and McAfee did not honor the $ 55 rebate because I sent the rebate form a little late . They had only 15 days to send out after purchase while compusa receipt has much longer deadline to send our rebate form . Is n't that kind of trick?Second and most important , it slowed down everything , not a bit but by dozens of seconds or even more than 1 minute.Third , the speed is not only the problem , its wireless connection sucks to the maximum and a couple of my machines ca n't get online and ca n't connect to the network . I have 3 PCs and 1 laptop . Only two machine can get connected . It also conflicts with Belkin network card driver which has been so popular for so many years . How the hell McAfee did not know that adaptor?Fourth , there is no manual whattsover and you have to all figure that out yourself . Given it has so much problem it 's very frustrating to configure it . Sometimes the security center is downloading forever . Who the hell knows what it is doing . Sucks.I had spent so much time to fine tune it and it still sucks that much . I changed back to Internet Security Suite which is much better than this . Do n't buy it even they give it to you free or you will break the disk .
 Downloaded the new McAfee software . My computer is now slowed over 90 % of the speed of a snail - both with AOL and Internet Explorer . McAfee customer service is of no value whatever . McAfee FAQ describes a very dangerous fix which involves editing the registry file but even those instructions do n't seem to work as described . What a mistake !
 Contrary to the other review , they did ship the proper 3 user version.However , since installing it yesterday it is consuming 100 % of my systems resources and I can not find any setting to have it stop . Evidently it does continuous deep virus scans so you might as well toss your computer in the garbage . What a mess of a product .
 While I had McAfee -LRB- 41 days , total -RRB- , it slowed Internet speed to a crawl . But that 's not the worst of it . I had this product for about three weeks before it killed Internet accessibility completely . It took another week to receive system restore disks that I had to order from my PC supplier . Then I called to cancel my subscription . The customer service rep at McAfee repeatedly told me that because I 'd kept the contract for more than 30 days , I could n't receive a refund . We bandied about for over 10 minutes , the rep declaring that neither could he , nor could anyone help me receive a refund - nothing could be done . Then I discovered the password of , `` I 'd like to speak to your supervisor . '' The immediate response was , `` please hold , while I transfer you to my supervisor . '' I did get my refund , but be wary of this product , and its customer service .
 I bought this product because it combined a number of security elements . It worked fine until I installed the network security feature . We have a home network and as soon as I installed the product , the other computers were unable to access the internet . When I tried to uninstall it , my computer lost internet access . Even using the 26 digit key did not allow access . Customer service was useless . They gave me directions which involved changing the registry . Bad move . Needless to say , I had to have a computer repair service fix the network , and I had to reformat my hard drive . McAfee assumed no responsibility for the problems it caused , Dell was nice enought to walk me through the reformat and it wasnt even their product that caused the problems . I would like to give this no stars .
 First off , this is the first language software that I 've purchased , so I have nothing to compare it to . That said , given how highly this one is rated , I doubt I 'll ever purchase language software of this type again.The software itself is some of the worst I 've used . It looks nice , but the pretty icons do n't make up for the utterly confusing interface . It 's impossible to tell what a button will do without hovering over it with the mouse to get a tool-tip ; the tabbing through the exercise forms is hard to follow , slow , and confusing ; options I would expect are unavailable for no clear reason . Also , for some reason , it is n't possible to type the non-english characters -LRB- &aacute; , &iacute; , etc. -RRB- ; instead , there are a series of buttons at the bottom of the screen that you have to click for each of these letters . Needless to say this is very slow and incredibly annoying.As for the learning program itself , another review had it right
 Check your discs before starting . I was going through the 11 discs that came in the box to discover that I had two of the audio disc 6 and none of the software disc 2 !
 11 CDs no user manual . Complete BS in starting w/CD 1 . No structure just pictures and spanish . Waste of money . Even if it 's cheap it 's BS
 The description gives the impression that the CD-Rom started you from the basics . The truth is that the CD-Rom is nothing but exercises . You are to learn how to speak the language by listening to the audio CD 's . I have decided to purchase Rosetta Stone . I hope this deters you from purchasing this product like I did .
 The written description of the product online does not tell you that it is compatible with Windows 3.1 `` or later '' as stated on the case . I could not load it on my XP machine . I think it may be too old a format for the new machines .
 The DVD seems like a good purchase , and I think it would have been very instructional . However , it made a grinding noise in my computer and did not play properly . I was afraid it was going to ruin my computer , so I took it out and tried it several different times . Each time it continued to stop and start , so I eventually gave up and threw it in the trash . It was not worth my effort to return it , so I threw it in the trash . I will not buy another one of these products .
 The older version of this product worked well , but this version has some obvious bugs . After hitting disaster , I find that their tech support is just non-existant -LRB- at least through their email web form interface -RRB- . After installing System Commander , my system -LRB- WinXP 64bit edition -RRB- would no longer boot . I lost my whole system.Beside the major disaster , I found problems with Partition Commander . It reported that one primary partition was a logical drive in an extended partition . Other utilities -LRB- linux , part magic , windows -RRB- reported the correct layout . I did n't go any further after observing discernable bugs.Long story short , if you like destroying your system with a buggy product and working with non-existant webform for tech support , then this is an ideal product ...
 You can eventually get this software to do MOST of what they say it does but its cumbersome , messy and has a number of bugs . If I could I would definitely take advantage of any money back guarrantee , which they unfortunately do n't offer!I am at the point of buying some other software just so I can finish what I started.There has to be something better out there so do n't waste your money on this software !
 Tried to install MS-Dos 6.22 on my XP and it crashed . Got this UNMOUNTABLE_BOOT_VOLUME blue screen of death and lost everything . I mean everything ! Had to re-install XP and FORMAT THE HARD DRIVE to survive . This product is a disaster .
 I agree with the guy who thinks version 8 should be closer to bug-free than version 5 . I know DOS well enough to get around the problems that can be addressed on that level , but there are programming problems beyond DOS that are Greek to me . I also agree that customer support is non-existant . Lucky for me I purchased the upgrade and therefore did n't throw away as much moeny as I might have otherwise .
 The program was able to recognize a Linux installation on a second hard drive but unable to boot it . Then it suddenly began to start up with an update error window stating `` Invalid registry key '' . And it wont ' t update or install again . I had used an earlier version and had problems years ago , and ended up reintalling Windows , which I may have to do again . Be very cautious about using any product which alters the MBR of your hard drive . In addition , when I initially was offered this program since I had another product from them , they offered to give me 2 additional programs for free , but did not do so . Emails to their sales department were not answered . Given this I am not optimistic about their tech support .
 I 'm on my first day using this camera . The software would not connect to the camera to download anything , so I ended up taking a link from the Ixla website to get the twain driver for the camera before I could do much . For outdoor photography , the camera is fairly decent . For indoor photography ... the camera would be better off not even having a flash . Or at least that is my experience trying to take pictures for a bowling team . Blur and dead black pictures ... and this is with the flash set to `` always on . '' I 'd say look for another camera ... or if you 're an outdoorsman ... then this might do for you .
 I bought the photo easy deluxe with camera thinking it would be good . It is brand new . I followed directions and could not get the program they sent to identify the camera . I tried all the phone numbers I could find on the box to no avail . I emailed IXLA Tech support LOL it took them 3 days to email me back . I tried their suggestions did n't work . Called a tech in and he checked my computer etc. ... Nothing wrong there . We have both emailed IXLA tech several times and have not received a response . They suggest the serial cable is bad , well , where do you buy another one ? I have wrote many bad reviews and strongly suggest to the consumers not to buy their products !!!
 This camera is okay ... nothing to brag about . The camera interface is clunky . The software is not very good . I guess for the price the whole package is okay . But I 'm returning mine and will spend the extra 150.00 for something much better .
 I just bought this version of Reader Rabbit Playtime for Baby & Toddler -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . I put the disk in my Mac and got an error code about the disk not supported in the classic environment . Bummer ! After reading software troubleshooting posts , I 'm understanding that this software does n't run on newer mac machines . I 'm running the current version -LRB- 10.5.8 -RRB- of Mac OS X. Hope that saves somebody from making the same mistake I did !
 You must have the CD in to play ! Not very cool . Although my biggest peeve -LRB- and main reason for 2 -LRB- instead of 3 -RRB- stars -RRB- is that every time this program is ran it changes appearance settings and messes with resolutions.Yeah , I should 've paid more attention to the description . I 'm really not interested in buying and owning software that is nearly a decade old . But alas ...
 Beware , this product does not work with the current version of Mac OSX and there is no update on the companies website .
 While purporting to contain information on the Star Trek universe complete through the 98-99 season , many encyclopedia entries were simply carbon copies of Omnipedia or Enclopedia entries that are no less than a year and a half old . If there is information from the later seasons , it is simply stapled on to the end of an entry . Additionally , in the episode browser area , there is no mention of the most recent seasons of DS9 and Voyager , much to the chagrin of anyone attempting to read , for instance , a summarized version of the entire Dominion War , the conclusion of which coincided with the end of DS9.Of course , all of the griping aside , the interface is quite friendly , if not immediately intuitive . Most features work as advertised - the multimedia presentations are a treat , even if most of them do not contain up-to-date information . For instance , there is no mention in the Feature of Captain Picard about the Enterprise-E , neglecting to include any information from the last two feature films.In all , this would appear to be little more than a rushed polishing job on a previously released product , rather than something deserving of a new version number .
 Microsoft Office 2003 Basic Addition was corrupted and had to be uninstalled from my computer ; however , I was unable to work without it , and that version had been discontinued . I tried the free trial of verion 2010 , but hated it , discontinued it , and continued to search for a 2003 edition . I was elated when I found it and ordered right away . However , when it arrived , and attempts were made to install it , it was discovered that it was for Hewlett Packard -LRB- HP -RRB- , and that fact was not mentioned and was not apparent until the disc arrived .
 Anything to avoid the ribbon . Unfortunately this version would not run on XP x64 . Another awful microsoft mess . Huge bloated fussy installation .
 I bought this only to find out , per the package , that it only runs on Windows 3.1 or 95 . Did n't run on my XP . Tried it on an old machine with 95 , still did n't run . Waste of money .
 I had the same experience as the others . I purchased it for my kids and discovered after I bought it that it does not run on the newer versions of windows . Very frustrating !
 We 've been using this software for the past two years and it is not by the choice of the managers or the employees actually using the product . The user interface is simply not acceptable in 2004 . It is difficult to copy and paste , you need to be careful not to hit the backspace button on your browser or you may lose data , you drill down numerous levels to get to some views , then must find the `` done '' button to exit back -- and the location of the done button varies from one page to the next.There must be better packages available . If you have a choice , keep looking . If you have been given this software to use , you have my sympathy .
 While I realize that it is probably difficult for HR departments to find appropriate software to make the review process easier for everyone , Performance Impact is not the software that they are looking for!First of all , the technology is outdated . The instructions ask you to download Microsoft Virtual Machine , which I had to figure out on my own does n't even exist . It also wo n't work on my Mac , so I had to sit at a terminal in the HR department to fill everything out , thereby missing many phone calls . It also would n't work with any browser other than Internet Explorer.Secondly , the software is anything but intuitive . It is pretty complicated and required everyone in the company to attend training sessions . Things that should exist just do n't . There are n't default settings or helpful tutorials.Thirdly , the system is SLOW . It takes nearly a minute to load a page . This is hosted on their webserver , not ours.Fourthly , there are so many problems with the system . Entire paragraphs dissappear . HR told everyone to be sure to save the review elsewhere.Please do n't buy this . Your employees will hate it . Maybe I will start a software company to build better software for HR .
 For -LSB- $ -RSB- you can get the book `` Learn to Program with Visual Basic 6 '' by John Smiley . It is for beginners , comes with a CD , and is very easy to understand .
 Having read all 15 reviews currently posted here , my understanding is that any of the books mentioned in them requires the installation of the software itself before you can even start working with those books.So whether the tutorial in this product is sufficient to teach the VB fundamentals or not , the product is still needed as the software environment you have to install before delving into any tutorial , whether that tutorial comes with or without a CD . Am I right or does Windows already have the VB software hidden where I ca n't find it ?!!!! Would someone , please , advise ! I need to buy something soon . Thanks .
 I 'd like to see a succint description of the differences between VB6 .0 Profeesional and VB6 .0 learning edition . I have n't seen this any where .
 Horrible book!I didnt learn a thing from this book , the only thing this book does is show you are absolute basics , it doesnt go into any sort of detail at all.Is it worth buying ? i dont think so .
 This product was very good at showing the basic principles of Visual Basic but after the initial example program , the text became very technical , defintely not for the first time programmer -LRB- there was absolutely no help in learning to write code -RRB- . The examples were next to impossible to find on the accompanying software . File names were different from those cited in the book.Overall I would not recommend this product but would steer the beginner towards John Smiley 's products .
 I bought this book in hopes that I would be able to `` pick up '' VB since I had programmed for many years
 I think it 's time to set the record straight on Visual SourceSafe . This is a product badly in need of updating , but it does n't seem to have any direct competitors -LRB- nobody wants to be Borlanded or Netscaped -RRB- , so it probably wo n't happen any time soon.If you 're creating non-web applications with a programming tool that supports SourceSafe integration , then you probably wo n't mind SourceSafe . You will have to work around a few frustrations
 Source control is critical , and for small scale operations this app works great . Occasionally there 's some db corruption , but in general you should do alright . But it really does n't scale , lacks many features , and has n't had any significant feature additions , or development effort in years . Sometimes I think there are no developers currently working on this app at all . There 's got to be a better way .
 If all you ever want of your revison-control software is `` check-in '' and `` get latest version '' , then perhaps this is the tool for you.If you want to have branching for separate development paths , tools for merging contributions from separate sources , and abilities to affix attributes and labels in non-trivial ways then you are out of luck . To get these features , try ClearCase by Rational Software.There is no comparison with the config-spec methadology of ClearCase , which allows one to specify exactly which file/directory elements are assembled into your `` view '' . If Microsoft truely believed in their product Visual SourceSafe , then would n't they use it themselves ? No . They use ClearCase.QED .
 Source Code Management , no doubt , is a vital part of any development shop . Any team based development effort needs a centralized repository in which to store their work.That being said , I would implore you to choose another product - such as the open source CVS -LRB- which can hook into VS.net with the right plug-ins -RRB- . VSS is a buggy , unreliable , unbearably slow ... and fundamentally unuseable product . This is * not * the sort of system you should use hold vital data that ammounts to months and months of hard work.For your sanity and your time , DO NOT buy this product . As each version seems to bring very little in the way of rethinking this disaster , Microsoft has made it very clear that they could care less about source control . -LRB- by the way , MS does n't even use this product in-house -RRB- .
 The product is very poor , and not at all user friendly . The outer packaging promise you the world , but in reality , this product has nothing which is customizable . The lessons are not at all structured , and this is a drawback of the product . The conversation part of the program starts with difficult words that are used in common conversation . To a beginner this is all very intimidating . I returned the product to the manufacturer .
 I ca n't say too much about this product as I could n't figure out how to use their lesson plans ! No instructions , just a bunch of CD roms . The packaging looks glitzy , but inside it was junk . I will be returning this product to the manufacturer .
 I purchased this based on its promise of providing a full learning suite of interconnected tools . In fact it 's merely a set of six CD-ROM 's that are not interrelated at all.Learning a language is tough enough but this software makes it even tougher . I returned mine .
 The Complete French Learning Suite has numerous problems with it . The Vocabulary lists must be created by yourself by typing every word in , and there are glitches with the flashcard system . If you 've had at least 2 years of high school French , you will find what the software offers to be too basic and simple . Not worth it if you 're considering learning French beyond the few travel phrases .
 I am very dissapointed in this product . I am sorry I bought it . It only comes with two lessons on the main program . I had expected a lot more ! Those two lessons were definitely not worth the money . If I had known that before I opened the package , I never would have bought the product . When I called customer support to ask why I did not have any more lessons , they said I would have to buy more software . Yeah right ... not in this lifetime . I do not recommend this product .
 This product is only good for increasing your vocab . skills with the vocabulary master . The voice record wo n't work with Windows 98 even after calling and trying to download a program that was supposed to fix the problem . It did however help to increase my reading ability , but not speaking ability . The program is a bit boring .
 It did not work well with my computer . In spite of doing a full install it was necessary to keep changing CD 's . The video files would not automatically open and would not open from the CD . I had to find them on my hard drive , interrupting the lesson . It was very poorly designed and not well intergrated . I lost money on this one . It 's in the trash .
 In 99 when this product came out , Microsoft had high hopes about pushing their variant of Java . During the intervening years , J + + has been largely deprecated in the marketplace . You would be wasting your time learning this product . Instead just try going to the Sun Java website and downloading the latest official Java . You can easily find one that runs under MS Windows.Also , this helps all of the Java user base stay with a unified Java , rather than fragmenting into awkwardly -LSB- in -RSB- compatible camps .
 Product may be adequate , but company is unethical . Their product apparently is so awful that they have to advertise by sending spam -LRB- unsolicited messages -RRB- advertising their unwanted products . Please do n't support this evil company . Thanks !
 Had to buy this for a client/server program and it stinks . After taking a couple of HTML courses at a community college , I find it 's easier to code from scratch than use this .
 Web design is my hobby and my job . I got to use many many different editors but at the end one is the most productive with EditPad . On ocasion I try a new product si \ o I gave a shot to FP . It is good for nothing . If you want WYSIWYG buy Macromedia 's Dreamweaver . Bottom line with FP is that pages it creates ca n't be seen . It is not so big issue finding server willing to host FP extensions , but you are making your pages unavailable to Netscape users , and everyone else not using Internet Explorer . Begginer or profesional FP is mot good for you !
 Do n't waste your money on this , while it looks appealing and can create pages quickly , there are better alternatives available . Some complaints ... First if you decide to use themes Microsoft will allow you to edit the HTML code and then wipe it out even if you tell it to preserve the HTML source . Another issue I have is bringing a pre-existing page into Frontpage , I 've had numerous problems with frontpage wiping out the code and saving a bad copy . Save yourself the frustration and buy Macromedia 's Dreamweaver instead .
 Front page has some good features - i admit it . But it is limited . The WYSIWYG interface is feeble and hard to use . The wizard has a lot of limitations . The html looks scattered and unlike much better products such as Homesite - most feeatures only appear in Internet Explorer . I used the wizard to put background music - although the code is only VALID in Internet Explorer . This is another attempt by Microsoft to make thier products dominate the market . When html codes are entered , and the user tried to verify them - sometimes MSFP2000 says it is valid - but when I press preivew - there is an html scrip error on the page . All the verify command does is check if it has an open < ... > and a close < / ... > . Sometimes - it does n't even do THAT .
 Front Page creates a separate file for every file you have on your Web site and stores them in directories called _ vti_cnf . These are not needed by a browser , yet FP uploads them all to the server . My provider allows 10 Meg free for a Web site , but FP generated 14 Meg of these useless files . Tech Help says do n't delete them , FP needs them -LRB- for password is the only reason given -RRB- . The extra charge for this space makes FP a very expensive tool indeed . I give FP one star because it does create tables very easily .
 are similar to the complaints of the other people here . It has a user interface that is pretty simple and easy to pick up , but in other areas this application falls short . Even when viewed in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer the pages often do n't look the same as they did when you were building them in Front Page . Time and again I would load a page into the browser only to find the alignment of text and images was all wrong , or text was no longer in bold face as I had wanted . Since the html is so verbose and convoluted , it is almost impossible to fix `` by hand '' . There was also a noticable drop in the quality of many jpegs and gifs when I imported them into Frontpage . I wonder if anyone else had this problem ? Often the pictures would come outlooking smudged or murky , and the edges of objects would not be sharp.I actually found the html editor in Word to be preferable . It did n't have Frontpage 's capabilities , but it was far more reliable . At least the pages looked the same in the browser as in the editor , for the most part .
 Well , I used FP98 and hoped that FP2000 would have gotten rid of a lot of the quirks the previous version had ... NOT ! Talk about frustration . I tried editing an HTML file in FP and it ended up scrambling my code . And when I tried to save the code the way I wanted it FP would automatically rearrange it . Plus , it would add it 's own little HTML tags along with it.Another key issue was WYSINWYG -LRB- what you see is NOT what you get -RRB- . You 'd place text fields , buttons , etc. in certain places on the page and when you previewed the page they would be misaligned , off-centered , or whatever.I could go on forever on other quirks FP has , but I 'll just leave it at that . Do yourself a favor and buy Metacreations ' Dreamweaver .
 Microsoft has taken a promising product here - they did n't code the original version , but purchased it - and turned it into a Microsoft-centric , clunky application.Look , it is n't the Web if everything is dominated by Microsoft `` standards . '' And that is the main problem with this software . Yes , it works , but one does n't even know how bad the code is until one learns something about HTML.THere are better freeware editors floating around , like Nano and even Netscape Composer .
 Maybe I 'm against using web editors and such -LRB- always been notepad for me -RRB- and I have no idea how to really use this although I have played with it a few times , but this has to render some of the ugliest code I have ever seen . I know this because I have several friends that send me pages to `` fix '' after having used this and they find it is n't doing what they want.Now I do n't mind helping out my friends with their coding , but the first thing I ask now is if they used Frontpage . If they say yes ... `` I ca n't help you . `` On the other end of the spectrum , maybe this is fine for those of you that have never written code and do n't mind what `` View Source '' means ... you just care what it looks like on the outside . This could be for you if it happens to be easy for you to throw together a page . Maybe some of you have used this product long enough to understand the gibberish it spits out so you would be fine too.I guess , in closing , all I can say is that you can have your several hundred megs of web page editor ... I want my little notepad and its endless resources of my imagination .
 Microsoft just needs to stop . I bought this for my office at the request of my employer . Before I discovered Dreamweaver . It churns out too much proprietary code . As a result , if you later go back to edit a page with another WYSIWYG editor , things go kaplooey . Spend the money on Macromedia 's Dreamweaver .
 Please note that Microsoft FrontPage 2000 * requires * registration , at least my copy did . It will stop working if you do n't register . Some users may not find this bothersome , but it means whenever you install the product you must get a registration key of some kind from Microsoft .
 Micrsoft makes some great products ; However this is not one of them . The way the program works does not allow 50-80 % of web users to see the page propertly . If you want people to be able to use your pages do not use this product . Try Hot Metal or Netscape Composer .
 If you are looking for a software package to get started with creating web pages , try Adobe GoLive . Although MS Front Page has some nice features , you will find that you will soon want to expand beyond it.This program is very limiting !
 Typical Microsoft , never learned how to play with the other kids on the block . There is so much proprietary code -LRB- i.e. crap -RRB- added to your web page that serves only to slow down load time , and make your web pages incompatible with Netscape viewers . So ask yourself - do you really want to make your website inaccessible to Netscape viewers ? By doing so , you may be losing 3-4 out of 10 visitors . Not a good idea . Frontpage is perhaps a good for the entry level software for the novice , but experienced hand coders will probably uninstall it the same day they install it . So do n't bother .
 When a company offers a `` rebate '' for buying their product , they should mean just that ... REBATE ... no strings attached -LRB- except proof of purchase , of course -RRB- . Some marketing genius at Microsoft has devised a way not to pay the rebate unless you have documentation and bar codes from other MS products books & boxes from years ago . Since we ca n't find all that crap to send in for a rebate , they tell us `` tuff '' !! We feel confident that ... would not sell this decptive form af advertizing if they knew about it . We would have purchased another program , had we known what a hassle it would be to get our `` rebate '' ... which we are n't getting.Some `` rebate '' , huh guys ?!?!?!
 My experience with this software has been exasperating ... It write buggy java code , creates forms which can only be used inside the FP framework , and creates html that is very overloaded with extraneous text -LRB- read
 FrontPage 2000 is , like much of Microsoft Office 2000 , very little improvement over its predecessors.I eat , breath and sleep Web design and site management . Since 1994 I have searched high and low for a Web page editor that would provide the same kind of control and ease-of-use that I had come to expect from page layout programs like Quark XPress and PageMaker . I tried them all
 If you are looking to write web pages with not much experience writting html , javascript or vbscript . This html composer will only take you so far and leave hanging in the dark . I suggest Hotmetal 6.0 . I have 97 and work with 2000 at work . 2000 Frontpage is for someone that just wants to have a web page . If you want a good web page get HTM 6.0 . Hotmetal can take you from novice to hardcore . You can instantly switch between veiws , Html , tags , WYSIWYG -LRB- What You See Is What You Get -RRB- . The biggest reason why not to get FrontPage you ca n't edit the html source . As you learn the language it is easier to mess with the HTML tags because WYSIWYG views do n't always allow you todo what you want to do , leaving you hanging . Now I love microsoft products -LRB- I have Visaul C++ Pro , office , image , much more -RRB- but not this one , this was made for someone that is always reading the series books `` Microsoft Frontpage for Dummies '' . I am offering my opinion because I like to make good web pages and Frontpage will not take you there . As for mid range html editors hotmetal is better . In the high range feild go for Microsoft Internet Devolper . It can check you JavaScript and VBScript before you save -LRB- it has a debugger -RRB- . Neither Hotmetal or FrontPage offers you this . I suggest that you think what you want to do . If your looking to take a web far go with Internet DEV . because when you want to write DHTML and other high tech pages internet Dev will help you . If you want a good looking page and a way to generate mutiple pages quickly go with HOTMETAL 6.0 and save a little cash too .
 I started using Front Page 2000 about a month ago . For a guy who does n't know HTML and had never set up a website before , it seemed like a dream . The interface is brutally simple if you 've used any other MS Office program and I had a site built less than 24 hours later.But when I wanted to add some animation I created in Flash 4.0 , I could n't for the life of me figure out how to do it . I ended up creating the webpage in Dreamweaver and then importing it into Front Page . This did n't work and I spent hours reading through different Front Page `` bibles '' looking for an answer . Not one of the seven books I looked at even mentioned Flash , let alone how to incorporate it into Front Page . If there 's a way to do this , I could n't find it.So I switched over to Dreamweaver and I 'm loving life . It is a little harder to get up and running , but once you figure all the features out , it 's just as easy to use as Front Page . And it 's got exponentially more features than FP 2000 . So I 'd recommend Front Page only to users who know that they wo n't be creating complex websites . Ever . But if you 're looking to learn about creating sites and need a program to grow with you , I 'd recommend spending the cash on Dreamweaver.P.S . Dreamweaver let me import my entire FP 2000-built site into its interface in less than a minute . Five minutes later , my Flash graphics were finally visible to the WWW !
 Microsoft makes some great technologies for the web . But Frontpage is a product aimed for the home user that should not have any place in professional web development . Frontpage extensions -LRB- a server side technology that does things like process forms -RRB- doens ' t work well when it does work and can be a pain to administer . Frontpage writes much IE specific code and will automatically put in features that only Frontpage will support . Microsoft has some great server side technologies such as ASP , SQL Server , and IIS ... but for an editor do n't use Frontpage , look into something more professional such as Dreamweaver .
 Really , if you need to do HTML editing , your really should take a closer look at DreamWeaver . Now that 's a real program that will work with ALL web engines , not only MS IIS !
 If you can find a host site that supports MS extensions , it will probably cost you money . Otherwise you have to upload with FTP . Even then , it 's still a pain to work with.If you do n't believe me , try uploading a MS FrontPage web page on Geocities , for example . Good luck !
 Yes , Frontpage is a decent program , and I do n't want to rehash the good points that the other reviewers have pointed out . My general belief is that in a side-by-side comparison with the other 2 design products I have used is that Frontpage loses more than it wins.Problems
 Do n't buy this product . The html Frontpage creates is so buggy and difficult to maintain that tt is better to buy a book and do straight html coding . DreamWeaver is a superior product . Take it from me , I am a senior consultant at a major computer science consulting firm , and we had nothing but headaches when we used Frontpage .
 I have created a couple of websites using Front Page , and they have been nothing but trouble . As one reviewer said , you put stuff in one place , and it moves itself somewhere else . My only remedy to this , was to put every single thing on my page in a table . That was the only way my sites looked right . Also , when you publish your web , you ca n't just publish the pages you changed -LRB- that screws everything up -RRB- so you have to publish everything , everytime you change your site . I wanted to love Front Page , because it is easy to use , and I love avoiding straight HTML programming . However , it 's ease of use does not make up for the problems that fill every nook of this program . If you are a novice programmer , or just want to use it to make a personal website , use Front Page , if you need something hi tech , look elsewhere .
 I uninstalled this thing right away . I am going back to FP 98 . FP 2000 wants to take over every aspect of your web site . Uploading is a nightmare . They took out the good parts of 98 and added some bells and whistles and called it an upgrade . I hope I can get my money back . If not , it 's going on ebay . I will start looking into other editors , not MS though until they get a clue .
 Frontpage is great if you live in a MS bubble . You need not any knowledge of programming or development . For true web beginners that never want to learn how the internet works this is your `` pay dirt '' . What You See is What You Get -LRB- WYSIWYG -RRB- , that 's all folks . If you ever plan to learn real HTML , JavaScript , XML , DHTML , PHP , or if your wesite requires any kind of good database connectivity , forget MS Frontpage . If your into designing and developing dynamically generated websites or e-commerce enabled websites , look elsewhere . I would suggest taking a look at the free demo version of HomeSite 4.5 before you pad Mr. Gates pockets . What 's with all the `` vti '' folders anyway , why ca n't they just use FTP like the rest of the world ...
 Sadly , I gave away my copy of Front Page 98 before buying Front Page 2000 . I should n't have.As per usual when it comes to Microsoft products , this is a bloated beast . As another reviewer has stated , it is slow to respond , even on my box with 128 megs of RAM and a 500mhz processor.Also it has some strange quirks . Often I work on one page at a time , quickly making minor changes , and then I just close the program . I am used to seeing `` Do you Wish to Save Your Changes ? '' and I click `` Yes '' . I have lost count of the number of times Front Page 2000 has closed without asking me to save my changes , thus losing whatever page modifications I have made . And there 's the way Front Page 200 monkeys around with my code , and insists on inserting itself in the META tags as `` GENERATOR '' even when I have modified that , too . Add to all this the annoyingly changed menu bars which make you hunt for the Thesaurus and other functions , and as I said , I wish I had kept Front Page 98 . If you have Front Page 98 , do n't upgrade , unless you enjoy additional headaches in your life ...
 I am really surprised at all the positive reviews of this software . Have any of the other reviewers used anything else , like Dreamweaver or GoLive?FrontPage is the bottom of the barrel , folks , and the problems are numerious : - You ca n't edit source code in a way that sticks . FrontPage sometimes create bad HTML , and you 're stuck with it . - FrontPage is okay for Web sites that are only accessed through IE5 . FP makes few allowances for Netscape , Opera , etc. - Javascript is really IE only.I could go on , but I strongly suggest you shop around .
 While many aspects of FrontPage2000 are very easy to use , and while I feel it is an upgrade over FP98 in many , many ways , the glitches remain , and are difficult to correct -LRB- when correction is even possible -RRB- . Too often closing tags are left out , the automatic META tags are a pain , and the program is so IE-centric that it can be very difficult to create a page that looks correct in other browsers -LRB- especially Netscape -RRB- . If you are able to repair HTML code , it 's a decent tool . If you are doing a corporate intranet site and do n't have to worry about Netscape users , it 's fine . But if you are publishing for the web , do n't be surprised to find yourself a bit frustrated by some of the program 's anomalies .
 I have to agree with most of the posts - which I initially ignored . After designing some nice pages with image maps etc. , I was unable to upload to the server . Once I hand FTPed the files , none of them worked in Netscape . I uninstalled FP2000 and have started using Hotmetal . It has a better interface , and the exact same page designs work flawlessly in both IE and Netscape . It 's cheaper too .
 I tried to find an article on Galapagos Islands , it showed a poor quality picture and one paragraph of text . In order to expand the picture I had to switch CDROMs . I could not find any history of the islands , climate and animals . It 's not what you expect from Encyclopedia . Finally I went to a web site britannica.com and got more than enough on the subject , much faster and for free .
 If you want to have an Encyclopedia , DO NOT buy this . My daughter and I just tried to find ` dragon fly ' . There is no dragon fly at all . We tried to look for ` lady bug ' . No lady bug ! Instead , there is ` ladybird beetle ' . Is this word more general than lady bug ? I completely do not understand why this software is being sold as an encyclopedia .
 I was dissapointed with this software . It crashed my computer within minutes of installation . What I was able to see of the program looked great but as I said it was very short lived . A subsequent disk we got crashed as well . I wo n't be purchasing this software again .
 this software is very poorly done . You have to set your graphics card to 96 dpi and that makes for undstable screen . Once the program comes up and running takes long time for selection from buttons to work . Slow , cumbersome , poorly written help menue . When want to add type of mulch the button does n't work and if it does you can easily draw the mulch onto the house and not where you want to place it . Decription of this says a pen appears after the selection of the mulch and then draw an outline with pen onto the area for the mulch . It does n't work . So caveat emptor on this software .
 I strongly recommend you consider a different product , such as Acid Hip Hop , instead . Acid is a more flexible program , with a tempo that is adjustable during the song and with more simultaneous tracks -LRB- eJay has only 8 -RRB- , and it also has better samples.I was hoping that the scratch editor would make this worth using , but it 's totally broken . I was totally unable to get decent sounds out of it , and I * have * been able to get decent scratching out of other programs.I simply can not recommend this program to anyone .
 I was hoping this program would be better than the Dance EJay . The impossible happened ! The horrible program known as Dance EJay is not the worst music creating program out there . I 'd give it negative stars , but one positive star is as low as it gets . This Program was unbelievably boring . First of all , you can not make your own tracks . OK you can input your own vocals , or use the retarded scratch screen . The scratches do n't sound real or even give the impression that they were actually scratched . You can only use the pre-programed bass lines , backgrounds , and sound effects . You ca n't even really alter the tempo . For some strange reason , the creators of this program decided that every person using their software would all prefer to use the same stuff -LRB- tempo , loops , garbage -RRB- . All I can say to not bash this waste of money is ... . Well , I 'll just recommend that you buy ACID Music or MTV Music Generator . The flexibility and fun factor of these programs alone are more than enough reason to get them . Not considering that you can create many completely different music genres in many forms . This EJay stuff is for the ignorant simpletons . For those of us who would like to make enjoyable or profittable music , stick to ACID or MTV . With these two , you ca n't go wrong . As for the hours and days or enjoyment mentioned in other reviews , It simply is not there . I used this program for about an hour before I wanted to break the CD . Please , do n't support this waste of money . Buy something worth your while . Thank You .
 I searched for `` search engine secrets '' today -LRB- april 10 2007 -RRB- and neither Jade Inc. nor Purple Spider 's websites showed up in the top 20 results -LRB- I did n't bother checking after the first 20 results -RRB- . That , I think , speaks volumes .
 I have Create A Card Gold version 3 which works wonderfully with my Windows XP computer . I was so excited when I found this later version . However , I 'm very dissapointed . With Create A Card Gold you get at least 10 cards to choose from each selection , with Create A Card 7 , only 2 or 3 . I think the problem is that it states that you can get 100 more graphics after registering the product . But , you ca n't register the product , it 's no longer on the company web site . This software was released in 2007 , so I guess it 's just too old . The few cards it has are not that great . The address book and other options seem to be working just fine but if you 're thinking of purchasing just for the cards , do n't waste your money .
 The item , bought as a gift , arrived in an unsealed case . When inserted into the computer , read `` defective . '' My cousin , home with a housebound ill husband , is not computer literate enough to know how to remedy the situation ; thus , has been unable to use it . She was thrilled to get the disc , initially , since she enjoys sending cards and is unable to leave the house to buy them . This has been a disappointment for her .
 This CD will not install . I have tried on 2 different computers . It gets to 4 % installing Font files and hangs . I have sent a message to Amazon but have had no response . I 'm upset that I placed the order at all .
 I ca n't write a fair assessment about the CD-rom . I have not been able to get it work , and I 'm very displeased with their response . In my futile attempt to resolve this matter , they said , they have sold manyCD-Rom 's and have not had problems with the product . Needless to say right now , I 'm an unhappy camper.Callye Robert
 7x35 binoculars are totally useless for astronomy . 35mm lenses do n't have very much light gathering ability at 7x magnification . 7x is good for birdwatching , but is n't very good for astronomy . These are cheap birdwatching binoculars you can get at a local deparartment store for under $ 20 . The star charts & interactive astro software is free all over the internet.For astronomy get at least 7x50 to 10x50 binoculars for under $ 50 , & get your star charts for free from the internet , libraries , or schools.I do like the Orion brand name & have bought many products from them , but do n't ever by 7x35 binoculars for astronomy , & never pay more than $ 20 for them .
 Unlike versions up to No. 6 , this version require authorization . This means that a single use version ca n't be loaded on multiple computers . Adobe informed me that this was not a bug and wanted me to buy multiple copies eventhough I am only using one computer at a time . This version forces you to take off the old legal version in order to install . When I found out that my legal version could n't be used , it forced me to reinstall version 6 , this took almost an hour to install , reboot , un-install and reinstall the orginal version . Why is Adobe the only company that forces this ? Their program installation do n't even skip from one set of four numbers to the next . They force you to type the dashes between the numbers.If you have multiple computers stay away from anything above version 6 .
 Software not very user friendly . I could n't find things very easily . Wanted to make business cards . Went online to Avery instead
 This is supposed to support HDV ? Maybe unless the camcorder is a Sony ! I connected my Sony HDR-HC3 and the program does n't recognize it ! I tried Pinnacle and no problem . If you own a Sony HDV camcorder and want to edit in hi def , you may want to avoid this program at least until Sony updates it to recognize its own camcorders .
 I love the interface , and had no problem with the software recognizing my Sony HDR-HC1 . The problem for me is that it does not do scene detection for HDV -LRB- though it does for DV -RRB- , and its conveniently not mentioned anywhere in the documentation or sony 's product comparison . I feel cheated .
 I own four computers and have installed hundreds of software programs over the past several years . I have been trying to install this program for the past two days . Windows Vista tells me that I need to reinstall the program after uninstalling it . After doing so , I get the same message , trapping me into a circular hell that does n't allow me to use the product . I believe it has to do with Sony 's hyper-paranoia about copyright protection - I bought the Foo Fighters CD In Your Honor -LRB- which is on the Sony Label -RRB- and had similar problems rendering the CD unusable . I 'll see how their customer support is , I 'm not expecting much
 Before you buy , look at the makers support site , which lists tons of problems
 I ordered this because it said it was compatible with OS X , however it will not install because it must be run in Mac Classic mode , and my computer -LRB- like many OS X models -RRB- does n't have Classic anymore . Very sad children !
 made for XP and lower OS 'S . Thats about 2 operateing systems ago !!! its windows 7 now , then was Vista then XP.software crashes newer computers with script errors.game will load but the next time you go to play it it crashes . Disturbing disney is so far behind with software .
 # 1 . Not Windows 7 compatible . # 2 . OLD , OLD , OLD technology and files that comprise the software . Could mess up your computer . # 3 . Does not save or keep track of where you were last time . So , unless you plan to sit down for 4 hours and do the whole cd you start over each time . My kid gets bored redoing the same stuff . # 4 . Way to hard to navigate for a 3-4 year old . Can not find the exit . Errors out on exit.Disney needs to hire some real software developers and create usable software . Adults have a hard time with this .
 I 've used the Sonicwall 10 -LRB- only difference is # of users -RRB- for years now . And it 's worked well . But their support is awful . And I use TimeStep VPN -LRB- used by GTE/Genuity 's managed VPN service -RRB- at the office . I can not connect my laptop through the firewall while using the VPN software , even though it 's IPSec compliant . Even if I tell the firewall to allow all packets to go to my laptop , it still blocks traffic . It 's trying to be too smart for its own good but they refuse to add additional services for IPSec HA to the filters -LRB- it has ESP and IKE -RRB- . I 've raised the issue to them for 8 months now and they basically tell me to f**k off . Wait for one of the other products like the Watchguard or Netscreen to mature and buy one of those instead.Kent Schumann
 If you are considering this product for E-commerce and are attracted by the fact that it is supposed to support Cybercash do not buy it . The fact is the Cybercash Support is so poor it can seriousely affect your business.Also Version 4 hade Chrystal reports bundeled with the product which they pulled from 4.5 . This is another tool we were expecting to get with the product which was actually removed without prior notice ... We have tried to get support from Allaire but they have never responded ... They have a pay per incident support service which is OK when you need support while developing but we do not believe in paying for support when it is the product that is deffective not the developers ... For Intranet and other dynamic web apps it is fine .
 I have a older version 7 of French by Transparent Language and have to admit that they made progress but still are behinde `` Talk to me '' series . I never used any Rosetta stone programs but Learn Spanish now looks pale comparing to Talk to me.It is very disorganised in its structure . It seems like authors tried to create too many pathways through it and it lost its structure.Talk to me follows a much more structured path that immerses the learner in the language . It starts with theme dialog with variation , then the vocabulary and pronounciation are litterally hammered in through a series of fun exercises inculding crosswords , word searches , pronounciation training of single sounds , words and lastly whole sentences from the theme dialog . Lesson ends with a text that adds new vocabulary and promotes understanding concepts even if one does not understand every word . It is possible to stop at any point and check the meaning . Verbs are fully conjugated at your fingertips in Talk to Me while this is totally lacking in Learn Spanish Now . I would consider it the biggest shortcoming of Learn Spanish Now.I had hard time to figure out what level of learning Learn Spanish Now is designed to aim at . It is way too hard for a beginner but too easy for intermediate student . It could serve as a review but it is not a lot of fun to work with.Questionable advantage of Learn Spanish now is ability to downlaod flash cards on an iPod but the vocabulary is limitted and program is hard to use . Talk to me allows you to downlaod the whole content of a chosen lesson and create a CD or voice file on a player . -LRB- very simple -RRB- Summarising - They made a progress from version 7 but it will take them probably few more versions to get it right.It would made a superb tool if they created easier guided path to start for the beginner , built up a bigger theme oriented vocabulary and texts based on it , added better grammar explanations and conjugate all the verbs in the text.For now if somebody does not want to spend megabucks on a Rosetta stone , I would strongly recommend Instant Immersion Talk to Me . I got mine for half price of Learn Spanish now at C O s T co and it came with a phrasebook , 4 audio CDs and Collins dictionary CDrom . The dictionary is excellent and allows you to built up your vocabulary and phraseology in addition to what is offered in Talk to Me .
 I installed it with standart options . Not only that the Spamkiller want 's to know your passwords for the email adresses -LRB- what for - Norton does n't need to ? -RRB- when deactivated , the whole things is going crazy somehow.McAfee survived exactly 20 minutes before I ran a system-backup on my machine to completly remove it . Norton is on now - happy with it !
 After installing Mcafee security center , my machine was much slower . I used taskmanager to see what processes were slowing the machine . It was mcafee . Mcafee was eating up 30 % of the cpu just with the machine sitting idle . Uninstalling the software is more difficult than getting rid of any virus . Real crap .
 First , the program took so much room in the memory . Then , in order to make things work , I had to disable components . Then , finally being willing to just throw away the investment and buy something else , it wo n't uninstall ! Spent 4 hours on the only free support - internet chat - after rebooting 6 times and having to restart support chat with someone else each time , I was `` bumped up '' to level 2 support , which I was told would be via e-mail ... That was 2 weeks ago , and no word ... I used the tutorial pages myself 4 times also , but still , it WO N'T UNINSTALL !!! iT 'S A VIRUS IN ITSELF . Only way to get rid of it is to reinstall the OS -LRB- I hope ? -RRB- .
 I just had to uninstall the spam killer because it was deleting my e-mails off of the server before I even read them , even though I had it TURNED OFF because it made everything soooo slooooow !!!
 Mcaffee is crap . I bought a brand new cd of it & it had compatability problems with my old expired version . there are no actual human beings you can talk to unless you want to spend $ 3 a minute on phone support . Their e-mail support is a crappy automated response system that never addresses the problem . And then when you try to install a better security system -LRB- like Trend Micro -RRB- , you ca n't uninstall Mcafee completely and it interferes with the new install.Beware !
 I bought the McAfee Internet Security Suite last year and i would NEVER use McAfee ever again . I am absolutely disgusted with their poor customer service . I had problems with my software working on a different computer - it would n't install . Anyway , i called them and spoke to a mcafee agent who was unable to help . I also tried the Mcafee chat on their website to see whether they could help me - no luck . So i emailed them SEVERAL TIMES and they still did not help me . This software is now useless to me and i have n't even been able to use it on my computer . Their customer service was very poor . Instead of offering me an exchange they expected me to contact the technical dept. that charges $ 2.95 -LRB- i think -RRB- / minute as it was over 30 days that i purchased it . I can not believe how mcafee has treated me on this matter . Lets just say they wo n't be getting another cent from me
 If you have McAfee installed on your computer from Dell or Gateway , updating with a newer version of Mcafee will produce more error messages and heartaches than you can imagine . Do not upgrade ! Stick with what you have and renew your virus scan , or uninstall Mcafee and go with something else . They will not be able to help you , and will not support their product . If the product you purchased is a disc version , they will not help you to fix your problem quickly with a download version either . McAfee prefers you to be inconvenienced by 2 weeks of returning and waiting for a new disc . This after they disabled your computer completely with error messages galore ! My emails are deleted before you can get to them , they just disappear -LRB- and they 're not in your recycle bin or outbox either ! They 're just gone ! -RRB- Files are corrupted , firewall does n't function , privacy security produces error messages for every program you start . This is a case of buyer be ware ... please take notice .
 I usually would accept McAfee , but I am going back to try Norton , McAfee has caused many problems with hanging the PC , although if you just want VirusScan , then that might work ok , but then why buy the suite . Privacy looked so good too , but it causes IE to not accept cookies even when they are enabled . This also hogs the RAM big time . You can buy , but beware .
 I have been a satisfied user of the McAfee product line for a number of years.Up until this time - i have been very pleased with their product.All this changed when I recently upgraded to McAfee Internet Security 2005 - I recently purchased a new computer and upgraded to DSL . Even though I owned the latest version of Virus Scan and FireWall - I thought best to buy McAfee 's Internet Security Suite.What a mistake.It seems that there is a critical bug in SpamKiller . SpamKiller captures legitimate emails and does not pass them to Outlook.This is a very tricky bug because it does not block 100 % of the emails - so a user will not immediately realize that there is a problem.I estimate about 30 % of all emails sent to me never made it to outlook.For me this problem went on for a couple of weeks - I initially attributed it to a new email address.However , after checking with my DSL provider , I went to McAfee 's website.Buried deep inside the bowels of the website in the SpamKiller forum , I discovered that this is a known bug and that it has been a problem for at least 4 months.Fortunately , the dropped emails are visible in SpamKiller - you can not print them - you can not mot move them - they are difficult to copy and save - but you can read them.You can only imagine how horrified I was to discover several critical business emails that I had not received.This is a terribly disappointing experience.To resolve the problem - I removed SpamKillerA software bug this critical requires immediate resolution by McAfee - whatever their reason - they have not fixed it.Worse , they have done nothing to warn users .
 I have a Dell that originally came with Norton Systemworks and Norton Antivirus . Both were so outdated I bought McAfee Int Sec Ste 7.0 2005 . I am a pretty good computer techie . I properly uninstalled all Norton and tried to install the McAfee . It seemed like an okay full install and upon reboot I had a crashed computer . I had to recover Win98 . I again contacted their tech support via chat -LRB- the 2nd of 7 times -RRB- . With their advice I was finding files/folders to delete , checking Windows Registry again , running ScanDisk and Defrag for a hopefully `` clean install '' . It did n't work . On my own decision , I attempted installing one by one the Virus , Firewall , Privacy and Spamkiller . I 'd get the 3 to work but not the Privacy , which kept freezing on install . Once that happened the computer was wrecked again . Sometimes during Privacy install I 'd get a `` missing Privacy components , must re-install '' kind of message.At some points all other components of the Suite displayed asworking . I online updated the AntiVirus , ran it and no virus were found . So I would try to install Privacy separate ... and every time my computer would restart frozen on a plain blue-cloud desktop screen with nothing I could do . About 8 tech support online chat sessions and they told me it 's a Windows problem . I disagreed and asked for a refund - because I 'd rebuild windows and my computer and all other programs ran fine . Then the Mcafee install would destroy Win98 , when I 'd recover and or rebuild Win98 that would uninstall parts of McAfee ... and back and forth , back and forth ... so I gave up . I 've mailed in the refund form which hopefully I will receive promptly.I 've installed all types of software , installed or changed hardware components , etc. and never had an experience like this . It was 72 hours of hell . My wild guess - the McAfee is permeating and altering too many aspects of Windows and other programs OR a terribly defective install CD-ROM . I do n't hear great things about Norton and I may never buy a McAfee program again because of the install nightmare I just had . Maybe Denfender-Pro or Computer Associates EZ-Armor ? I do have to give points to McAfee for being able to chat online with with tech support for free -LRB- support also gave me a toll-free customer service number -RRB- . You ca n't say that about many software companies .
 This is one of those rare times that I wish Amazon had a zero star rating . I 'm a big fan of VirusScan and bought this to upgrade . The Personal Firewall Plus and Privacy Service cause my system to lock up and the internet access to go away . I 've spend hours trying to diagnose and fix . If you put in the time to remove the McAfee programs , you can get back to where you were.Long story short
 I bought this program instead of Norton for my new computer because I read about how Norton is a resourse hog.Well , I did n't notice a difference with computer speed.But , Mcafee internet security does n't function well with my other programs.Mcafee wo n't run with some games and the Privacy service seems to freeze up often.Annoying pop ups from the updater program are frequent and slow down other programs and even ask you to restart your computer.Norton never did this.I am very dissapointed with Mcafee and am going to uninstall it and buy Norton . -LRB- I read bad reviews about Trend Microcillin on this website so I wo n't get that one either . -RRB- Do n't buy Mcafee !
 I have been a McAfee `` recommendor '' I guess you could call me , for well over a year and a half now . And I just have to say
 Who needs to catch a computer virus when you can pay good money to BUY one from McAfee . This software is HORRIBLE . It will cause more problems than any worm out there . It wiped out ALL of my archived emails , let in Spam , deleted new messages , has its own damn Pop-ups . And to add to the frustration , McAfee provides NO technical support ... NO phone support -LRB- unless you want to pay $ 39 per call , NO email support ; only a nonfunctioning `` chat '' and a forum that nobody answers . Do yourself a favor and AVOID this product .
 I bought it , it worked . It came time to renew and it gives me annoying pop ups.I clicked through and tried to send money , and their web site says `` page not found '' . I call , I wait . I give up . I call , I wait , I give up . The expected wait time says `` two minute wait '' . I wait an hour , no answer . I call back . I finally PAY my secretary to just sit on the phone waiting . Finally a person who speaks broken English answers . She says she can take my credit card , I say `` where are you ? '' . She says Phillipines , and I say `` I 'd rather not give my credit card to someone in the Phillipines . Ca n't I call the United states ? '' . She just hangs up on me !!! I 've spent almost a whole day of accumulated time trying to purchase an update . I send a half dozen emails , no answer . Nada , not one.What a bunch of bums . Now I have software that wo n't update , I ca n't find a way to spend money with them without giving a stranger half-way around the world my credit card number . Even if I want to do that , it takes an hour or more to get someone . Worse yet , I get constant annoying pop-ups telling me I need to renew.Hey you dummies , make it easy and I will renew . Please do n't repeatidly try to force me to do something you wo n't let me do !!! Tom
 It is one of the worst programs ever . First it will occupy your entire computer 's memory and make your computer very slow and most of the programs will stop working , I am talking about legitimate programs , like Microsoft , adobe , etc , and other well known companies.You do n't need to download a virus ; it is a virus by itself . You can never uninstall this product . After uninstalling it over and over it will keep on reappearing and running in the back ground doing the same dirty things as if it was never uninstalled.One more thing , your email client will never work in the presences of this software . The bottom line , I have to delete and format my hard drive and install every thing again , from scratch , which took me about 2 days.I already bought another internet security product but will never touch this company 's products again ... what a loss .
 I have had nothing but problems ever since I installed the Security Suite . I 'm not so much upset about spending the money rather ALL the TIME I 've put in trying to resolve these errors . I 'm a computer programmer , and although I do n't deal that much with hardware , I would like to think I can take care of my own computer.Currently , McAfee wo n't start , hence , I ca n't check for updates or run a scan on my computer . I also ca n't uninstall McAfee because , ahem ... it wo n't start . mghtml.exe has generated errors is the message I keep getting.I decided to try to go online for support . The funny thing is that Internet Explorer is also giving me a problem -LRB- if it 's a virus , I would like to scan for it and remove it , you know ? -RRB- . IE crashed about 200 times before I switched back to Netscape 6.2 . I went to the online help for McAfee , hoping to chat with someone , however after I chose my country of origin , it went right back to the screen where I should select my country of origin again . The site is not compatible with Netscape , but that 's the only thing I can run!So I tried to call McAfee for help . The 800 number that I found -LRB- it was pretty difficult to find that even -RRB- was $ 3.00 per minute . There is NO WAY that I was going to spend even more money on this terrible , horrible piece of software . I found another phone number on the privacy agreement and called that . The number was for their corporate offices and the only option I had was to enter an employee 's extension . I randomly picked a number and left a detailed message with my problem and asked for help . I never heard anything back.I am completely fed up with this product . My computer is several years old and although it probably has a few more years in it -LRB- if I would break down and reinstall everything - system restore is n't an option on Windows 2000 -RRB- , I do n't have the energy to fight anymore . I am always downloading updates -LRB- well I was when I could - when it goes to check for updates , it opens IE and remember , that does n't work -RRB- and I run a weekly scan . Aside from all the recent problems , I do n't believe it 's ever done a good job to begin with . Several months back I started getting an error with the blue screen of death saying `` beginning dump of physical memory . '' I do n't know for sure , but if that was caused by a virus on my machine , why did n't McAfee catch it in the first place ? It 's always running on my machine.We 've switched to an iMac . It should be here tonight . I 'm going to erase everything off this computer and donate it to someone else who can start again from scratch WITHOUT using McAfee hopefully .
 I purchased this product beofe doing research since my subscription with Norton is close to expiring ! That is another issue in itself ! I am SOSOSOSOSO glad that I decided to read the reviews before opening the package . I am going to return it unopened and get Norton -LRB- I think I better read those reviews first lol -RRB- THanks to all the people who reviewed this product and saved me a load of headaches !!!
 In this day and age , we all need a little more security , especially online . A typical computer user , whether using dial-up or especially an always-on direct internet connection , should have antivirus software , spyware protection and firewall defense at a bare minimum . For those who enjoy the perks of online banking and commerce , it would be nice to have some kind of privacy protection . And anyone who 's anyone with an e-mail address has wished that SOMETHING could be done to help protect against e-mail spam.Enter McAfee Internet Security Suite v7 .0 . A free , limited-feature edition was preinstalled on my new laptop computer , so purchasing the full version from McAfee was the logical choice . Unfortunately , I must say that this software did NOT work for me.There are some good features here
 This is essentially 4 products : VirusScan An Antivirus , A Firewall , Spamkiller an Antispam system for email and Privacy Protection.I use Windows2000 Pro on a 2.8 GHz Pentium 4The Firewall Works very well and is easy to set up and useThe VirusScan Works very well and is easy to set up and use , though it is never clear if virus definitions are uptodate . There does not seem to be an automatic update like Symantec ` sLive UpdateThe Privacy protection is a D I A S T E R . It keeps flashing a message that a Component is missing . If you try to disable it it disables the firewall and in spite of that ALL COMMUNICATION WITH THE INTERNET STOPS . I had to de-install the whole suite and reinstall it without Privacy Protection.Spam killer
 I 've used McAfee Security Center since 2003 . I 've never had a problem with installation , with viruses , or with hackers . The software has caused a few minor problems with boot-up , and it will slow your system down a LOT , no matter how fast your processor nor how much memory you have . That 's the price you pay for air-tight security.However , I 'm currently in the process of deleting this software off my system , and replacing it with equivalent free-ware from Microsoft and other developers . The reason why is very simple
 I bought this hoping for top-notch security after being hit by a bad virus . I had trouble installing from the get-go . I contacted Mcaffe online and was told it would n't install because of some Symantec files still on my system . After contacting my computer manufacturer and reformatting my hard drive , I took the plunge and reinstalled McAfee . It installed great and I thought it would be the end of my problems . WRONG ! The first time I tried to open an email my system froze . Froze to the point of not re-booting . I then had to phone McAfee and after a lot of wasted time they basically told me it was my problem , not theirs . But wait , everything worked fine before installation . They did n't want to hear it . So , off I was again to my manufacturer who very patiently helped me get my system back up . After trying various things , the only option left was to wipe out my hard drive again and start over . I can not tell you how many wasted hours I spent to get my system back up and running -- all because I wanted some security . HA !
 I uninstalled McAfee from my system -- or rather tried to . I had to reinstall my operating system after things stopped working correctly immediately afterward . After that , I thought I was in the clear . NOPE ! McAfee reared their ugly head to RENEW MY UNWANTED SUBSCRIPTION to the tune of $ 75 . What are they willing to do about it ? Well , they notified me right away that they had ALREADY charged my card -LRB- NOT BEFORE , mind you -RRB- and then when I called they `` happily '' submitted my order for a refund , which will take 3-5 business days . So , not only is McAfee making the Fed 's overnight interest rate for about 5 days , but they overdrew my account . When pressed about the fact that I should n't have been charged in the first place , the customer service rep slowly read from a prompt -LRB- in broken English -RRB- that I should please be referring to the License Agreement . Nice.I 'll never buy McAfee again and I 'll take just about every opportunity available to me to tell my story of McAfee 's Predatorial Business Practices regarding my account.Update as of June 2005 : McAfee charged my credit card YET AGAIN !!!! They had previously refunded my money and then conveniently `` forgot '' to turn off their `` auto-renew '' feature . Just how they can take my calls telling them that they had no right to take money out of my account without my permission and to please give it back ... only to do it all over again truly baffles me . I just do n't understand these people . I wonder if McAfee even reads these reviews . If I got performance appraisals that were this awful , I would certainly quit my job . So there it is , McAfee
 I 've been a McAfee user since I bought my first PC . Never had a problem , so when my software was nearing its expiration I bought the latest version without thinking to check reviews . Fiasco
 I 'm happily about to order my next computer and despite the other issues this old one has , McAfee Internet Security will be by far the most satisfying to finally be rid of . Bugs , bugs , bugs . And this is n't my first experience with it , I had it on another computer in the late 90s , and it was an even bigger headache then . My other computers were lucky enough to have Norton , including computers from work -LRB- I work in IT -RRB- . Norton is n't perfect , but it 's stable as granite compared to this piece of $ # ! & . For example , we have no need for Spamkiller , so I choose not to have it activated . Does it listen ? No . We still have to get updates for it , even if that means wasting time before you can use the computer while it hogs the cpu to download something we told it we did n't want in the first place , not to mention constantly trying to change my mind , forever annoying , `` SpamKiller
 I bought this at Costco.com and intend to return it . I installed , uninstall , and reinstalled about 6 times . I 've talked to Mcafee via chatroom because they CHARGE you about $ 3 per minute to talk to them . Also , if you do not chat fast enough they drop you , but it 's okay for them to leave you hanging on the chat room . Each time I installed it , it took my computer about 10 minutes for it to load . Then it took the Security Center -LRB- which controlls everything -RRB- another 15 minutes to come up . Nothing opens or works during that time . When it finally does open , you can not change any of the security settings - I 've tried and failed . You can tell it that it 's okay for internet explorer to have full access , but Mcafee still blocks it . Mcafee 's response was ` You have previous Mcafee files on your system . You have to manually remove all of those files and Internet security then reinstall ' . It took me 4 hours to uninstall Internet security because it was so slow . I found I did n't have any previous Mcafee files . The 2nd Mcafee tech dropped me so the 3rd said , ` You have to uninstall , do a viruscan , defragment your system and do a clean install ' . I swear those techs will say anything to drop you . Note that I had just defragmented my computer about a week ago , but it still took overnight to run the defragmentation and it still did n't work either - it froze . I worked on this for at least 3 days trying ot make it work . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased the McAfee internet security suite a few weeks ago . AFTER the installation , my computer contracted the iexplore virus/worm . I have tried to get tech support from McAfee by phone . They gave me a 900 number which charges 3.95 per min . I was put on hold and never did get help . They also have a web tech support site which charges another 64.00 for help with for worm that got by their security in the first place . I would n't purchase another McAfee product at any price .
 Despite all the pretty flags on the box , the software as packaged does NOT translate between every language . Only the standard European languages are handled . If you want Asian -LRB- Japanese , in my case -RRB- , you have to pony up a minimum of $ 200 for their Asian product . Alas , I bought this at CompUSA 's fire sale , so I ca n't return it , but caveat emptor ...
 It may be Amazon 's fault or it may be the software vendor 's , but it is completely unclear what languages are covered by the CD included with this product and which ones require internet access/subscription . I purchased this for someone without internet access , only to find that the needed language -LRB- Dutch -RRB- was not provided on the disc . Needless to say the product is on its way back . For a firm built on internet-based marketing , Amazon totally and unacceptably dropped the ball with its description of this product .
 Boy , I wish I 'd read these Amazon reviews before purchasing this . I previously had the 2006 version and found it satisfactory . My troubles began with installation which took well over an hour . I could have lived with that but for the past month I 've had to put up with a slow computer and seemingly constant hard-drive noise . I suspect the only solution is to bite the bullet , wave my 50 bucks goodbye and uninstall it.Oct . 20 update
 I have used PC-cillin for several years and installed on many of my family and friend 's Desktops and Laptops . When we started to go to the 2007 version ... that is when we had problems . I read from other reviews that it made people lose their internet connection . I had the same problem . Actually , Firefox worked , but it changed my IE settings so that IE did not work . We use MS XP and IE 6 .
 Well , this product was certainly a waste of money this year . I was pleased with the 2006 version and happily bought the 2007 version , assuming I 'd be just as delighted as year.I was astounded to see that this program took up approximately the same amount of memory as Microsoft Office 2003 . I reinstalled it , selecting the custom install , hoping to load just the anti-virus portion . The program still indicated the same unbelievable amount of memory . I uninstalled it , searched reviews from CNET and PCWorld and took their advise and purchased Kaspersky Antivirus 6.0 and am delighted with it.I do n't know how Trend Micro managed to miss the mark so badly this year .
 I have been a very satisfied user of pc-cillin internet security suites 2005 and 2006 . The 2007 version was recently installed on my Dell Dimension 8400 desktop , Pentium 4 , 3GHZ , with 2G of RAM running Windows XP with the latest updates . The system was operating with no known problems . After installation of 2007 everything slowed down and my system also took longer to boot , and several programs that did not give problems in the past started having error problems . It was several minutes after boot up before I could connect to the network each time I booted my system . The Firefox2 find feature -LRB- Control G -RRB- started misbehaving , my Musicmatch program generated error messages and needed to shut down multiple times , System mechanic6 started insisting that it do a boot defrag every time my system was booted even though I had not set it to do so , System Mechanic6 generated error messages on multiple occasions saying it needed to shut down even though it was not running . I read the suggestions at the pc-cillin site and followed the instructions regarding the uninstallation of Spybot immunization file . It did not help . Bottom line is that I was very happy with pc-cillin security suite 2006 so I uninstalled 2007 and reinstalled 2006 . I noticed an immediate improvement in performance , my system returned to normal , and so far I have been running without problems for three days . I would not recommend the 2007 version , but 2006 works very well for me .
 I did a 30 day trial with Trend Micro pc-chillin and for the first week I was about to write it a good review . Yes , there were settings that needed to be changed a bit to get the VPN I use up and running , but I thought the user interface was good
 Little did I know that I would be entering the world of Software Installation Nightmare . The installation nightmare took three hours to install . I read the Quick Start Card and followed the instructions to the tee . I first uninstalled version 2006 and disabled the windows firewall . Big mistake !!!! The Full Version of 2007 would not install and after three attempts I tried the minimum installation which worked . Then PC Cillin showed an Internet connection error that did n't make sense because I was connecting to the Internet . I tried their on-line technical support but I had to exit because I was waiting too long . Finally I decided to reinstall 2006 because I still had 2days left before it expired ; it installed in less than 5mins without any drama . I then tried to upgrade version 2006 with 2007 and with the minimum installation it worked that time without the previous errors . Later I tried to upgrade 2007 to the Full Installation and I was warned that it could only remove the Software and I would not be able to install it on the PC again . What a mess !!!!!! Do 's - Upgrade to an earlier version-Chose minimum installation if you are using Windows Firewall or your own personal firewallDo n'ts - Do n't uninstall an earlier version -LRB- Note
 2006 version was jumping on my monitor twice monthly , right in the middle of presentation with request to register again , again and again . Anyway I get new PC-Cillin 2007 . Problems started right away . It was very hard to install it on my home computer . On my laptop I get only message `` Fatal error '' many times instead of telling
 I bought the 2007 , three license version of this softare . It locked up two of my computers . I communicated the problem with the people from Trend Micro and their recommendations failed to fix the problem . After having two computers being unusable for over ten days , I went back to McAfee Security Suite.About two weeks later , I received another note from Trend Micro saying that since I have a Linksys wi-fi , there is a conflict between the firewall of Pc-cillin and the Linksys firewall . Funny that there is no conflict McAfee 's and the Linksys ' firewalls . Anyway , I am tossing PC-Cillin in the trash as it is more problems than it 's worth . What a waste of almost $ 40 .
 This program is an absolute nightmare . It takes up over 1000mb of space , you can not program when it does it 's searches , so it 'll pop up 5 or 6 times during your computer time , once it starts it 's random spyware scan , you ca n't stop it . It 's a mess . IT came preinstalled with my dell , and now that i 've just removed the entire program , my laptop is lightning fast . Junk . Avoid at all costs
 I bought the Trend Micro Internet Security Pro product three days ago , its been a nightmare ever since . Here is a list of problems-1 -RRB- After the product updated itself automatically , it has stopped working completely . I have been trying to reach customer service but with no results - twice I had to wait for more that 30 mins on phone without getting a customer service representative and I have also tried to catch someone via their online chat which took about 25 mins for me to get a response from them . After a long do-this list , the `` agent '' asked me to uninstall the entire product and reinstall it again .2 -RRB- The product comes with licence for 3 PC , when I installed this product on my 2nd PC it has caused my registries to be messed up so bad that the only way to make the PC working again would be to reinstall the OS causing me to loose all my files . Absolutely PATHETIC.Buy this product if you want to dump ur PC away . A PC infected with virus would be a better alternative than this product .
 This may be a great product , but it makes my PC crawl . I hate waiting a minute or two for an application to load . Why have a high powered PC only to have the software make it act old.It does not play well with others - I had to uninstall Spybot . Every tech article I 've read recommends running multiple programs to protect your PC.Tech support is clueless.I 'm about to remove this product and download AVG . -LRB- When I do this , my PC account will be demoted to a regular user so no software can be installed without my knowing it . -RRB- PS . As for the guy who gave this product 5 stars because Consumer Reports says it 's good ... even they say that it slows your PC 's performance .
 After I got this product , I was excited as I looked around at the cool features , get all my scans scheduled and it was all gravy . Then , I started the scan , and no matter what I selected it only scanned for spyware , no virus scan . I then call Trend Micro and they tell me that the version , that they mass produced and sold for $ 60 , was a bad version . It had lots of problems . Which I soon found out when they told me to uninstall and install another version . It was unable to uninstall right . And after 4 calls to tech support waiting at LEAST 10-15 each time before talking to a foreign accented tech , it was off and the new version ready to go . This version had the same problem , along with more . The webpage that was supposed to display at program launch would never find the site and pop up a error . Still would n't scan my computer for virus . I Do n't wish this product on my worst enemy . Norton has their act together on the new 360 ' 07 . Much better product .
 I do n't know what Trend have done with pc-Cillin Internet Security 2007 . It is not the same product as it used to be . I have used versions 2005 and 2006 , they were a decent antivirus suites , but I just upgraded to version 2007 and I hated it ! it makes your internet time painful , you do n't stop hearing the hard drive spinning for at least 10 minutes every time you boot your system . Starting the system takes about 5 to 10 minutes . I think at one point , and that for several minutes , Trend Micro pc-Cillin Internet Security 2007 takes over your whole pc , you can do nothing until this thing ends doing who knows what.I 'm very disappointed with this new version . It will be probably my last one . I should have purchased Kaspersky antivirus , which was free just few days ago at amazon.com ... big mistake !
 Horrible product . I have used pc-Cillin since 2005 , the previous versions were much better . Pc-Cillin 2007 slowed my computer to a useless crawl . I tried all of the various `` fixes '' ; nothing worked . I ended up uninstalling the software . This seemed to be the only real fix .
 Absolutely kills my PC 's and laptops -LRB- typically a 2.2 Ghz CPU with 2GB of RAM -RRB- with a process named PcScnSrv.exe alone using over 85 % of CPU continually , and 120 MB + memory , just for this process . Trend Micro PC-Cillin Internet Security 2007 is terrible . I 've used PC-Cillin since version 2003 , and until this version it has been a good product . Even 2006 was fine . 2007 is a bomb , so do not purchase it or upgrade it . Just delete your registry keys for Trend and reinstall your 2006 version , and you will be better off , until Trend Micro fixes this disastrous problem . I 've been working with technical support every day -LRB- the `` Customer Escalation Team '' -RRB- since 04/05/2007 , with no end in sight so far , and it is now 06/04/2007 !
 I installed this on two of my computers . Both computers would no longer let me open certain programs or let me log onto my bank accounts . I could go to my e-mail and read them , but could not get into any e-mail folders or delete or move any e-mail files . Somehow the software locked up internet explorer and they could not figure out why . It did it on two different computers . I spent over two weeks working with Trend Micro on the problem and they could never fix it . I told them I would uninstall the program from both of my now half working computers and would like a refund of my money . They said they do not do that but would keep trying to help me fix the problem . After two weeks of no solution I was tired of their inefficiency . I had to reinstall my Windows XP and Vista to fix the problem . I went with Kaspersky and have had no problems . So I am out of $ 45.00 with Trend Miro .
 A memory hog , a complicated , interfering interface and occasionally downright ineffective . I have a speedy processor and a lot of RAM , and still it slowed my computer down to a standstill . Trend-Micro did try to help , but nothing fixed the problem . Any other program is better than this . I uninstalled for good and went back to Norton , and now my computer is back to normal .
 This company has lost the formula.Their product quality has degraded to the point that its nearly worthless - it does seem to protect you from virus problems , but your computer may be unusable.PC-cillin has a large number of processes that run all the time , so your computer will bog down , and your memory load will be high.It wo n't honor the scan and update schedule that you set up , so your computuer will be busy doing that stuff when you want to work.When you go to tech support , you 'll find that the knowledge base is more like a stupidity base - poor search support , some problems not inculded even though they exist.If you try to get help from a person , you will wait , and wait , and wait , and ... The idea that you get what you pay for is a joke . The free virus stuff works better for me.Yes , there do seem to be some computers and software combinations that still work OK with this product , but its a huge gamble . I have it on 3 machines of different types , and I have problems with all three of them .
 I am not familiar with a lot of things with computer . However , I have been using antivirus software without problems for about 10 years . Some programs are better than others . A few months ago , Consumers Report rated this product far superior suite product than any other on the market . I also read reviews on this product on Amazon . Apparently it takes lots of RAM space , but if you have more than 256 Mb , it will work without any problem . I have 512 Mb of RAM . I purchased the product . Upon installation , it immediately slow down the computer at least 10 times . I called the number listed for technical help . She is apprently an Indian or Pakistanese and spoke with heavy accent , so my wife talked to her . She said that I should uninstall the program , and disable all the antivirus , antispam , and antispy programs temporarily and download a newer version of the program from the website indicated . I followed these procedures , but there is no improvement ; it took 10 to 15 min . to open our email program . I got rid of the program and renew the subscription of existing antivirus and antispy programs . I am happy after the loss of $ 50 . I learned the lesson . Do n't believe Consumer Report . They cater out their tests to various individuals and companies , and they neither verify the results themselves nor guarantee the actual results . Maybe an individual came up with the strong recommendation of this antivirus suit may be receiving something in return from the manufacturer .
 I have this installed on two systems at home ... both are running XP , but one of them is a couple years old and is a little slower than the newer one . Both computers have a large amount of RAM . Before installing this software , both computers were decently responsive , with the newer computer being blazing fast.Now that this is installed , both have slowed down , especially the older computer . But even the newer one is noticeably slower , which seems to be common complaint as I read the other reviews and google this product.I keep reading that Kapersky or AVG are better -- I think when my subscription expires I will try one of those . In the meantime , if I were you , I 'd keep looking . -LRB- And I feel compelled to mention that I have no financial or other interest in computers or software so I consider myself an unbiased reviewer , just trying to help others in the amazon community ! -RRB-
 I originally bought the 2006 version of PC-Cillin Internet Security , and then upgraded to 2007 . It is painfully slow , particularly with Spyware scans which can take 18 hours or more . While they are running , everything slows to a crawl . This means I almost never get a scan completed , I have to stop it to get work done . I 've made all the fixes on the pc-cillin web site to no avail . I thought that Norton Anti-virus was inadequate , but this is horrible.There is little doubt in my mind that it is conflicting with some other software on my machine , but I have already spent dozens of hours fighting it .
 I got the version of this that comes with Dell computers on my new XPS system . I 've used the 2006 version of PC-Cillin and found it to be considerably better than both Norton and McAfee , and fairly user-friendly as well . But wow , they sure have messed up what used to be decent software and it 's now worse that these two close competitors . Between the two main processes , it was taking up over 250 Meg of RAM ! That would be bad enough , but it also seemed to be greatly effecting my internet traffic , slowing it to a crawl . I do web development for a living and was concerned that there was some problem with my web site that was loading so slow ... and then found that it was happening across-the-board . Killing the memory hog TM program cleared up the problem immediately . When I asked them for some assistance on fixing the problem , they had me completely uninstall and reisntall the program , doing all kinds of cleanup in the middle . This on a system that was only 2 weeks old ! Needless to say , after going through all that hassle , it still behaves exactly the same way . Dell 's suggestion is to reinstall it without using anything but the antivirus . Well , why even bother with it then ? There are certainly some decent freeware antivirus programs out there . I 'll be removing it permanently and looking for something that does the job without using up so much RAM and resources . Surely someone out there is capable of writing a program that works !
 I installed this product in mid-June and my system instantly bogged down . From boot up to internet access , everything slowed to a crawl . I finally uninstalled this about 10 minutes ago just to see what would happen and it was like a speed switch being flipped to `` on '' . Going to follow one reviewer 's advice and reinstall the 2006 version .
 Dont buy this product unless you want to slow down your computer to a crawl
 Beware , the process pcscrnsrv.exe runs intermittently and can zap up to 100 % of your CPU resources . This effect should be minimal for those with dual core processors and lots of RAM . However , if you 're running anything less than the latest , you may want to test this before buying . Although it runs decently on my Dell 2 GHZ , 1.5 gb RAM , it slows down web browsing , program startup , and email enough to be frustrating ...
 I had great expectations for this software given the positive reviews it had received from some publications . It was a great disappointment upon installation to discover the amount of resources it consumes in a resting state . In my case , almost 250 mb of RAM is constantly being used by the various scans that it performs regularly . Additionally , upon installation it is very difficult to permanently change the protection profile , and even turning off certain features does not free the resources . Only recommended if you have 2 gig of RAM installed . And even then , be prepared for a noticable impact on everyday performance and substantially longer boot times .
 Esta versi&oacute;n NO puede ser instalada en windows XP en espa & ntilde ; ol . Al tratar de instalarlo sale una ventana que dice
 When I bought my Dell this was installed on it and the program seemed to be effective for the first nine months of my subscription . However it stopped working or updating with about three months left . It turns out that a virus had disabled it , even though that 's what it 's supposed to protect against . I had to download Norton to get rid of 2 downloaders , trojan.adclicker , adware.purityscan , adware.ismonitor , 2 trojan.vundo , and a trojan horse . I would advise against this product . I 'll never use another Trend product .
 Purchased 3-years of PC-Cillin with my Dell desktop . Useless and non-functioning -LRB- compliments the Dell quite nicely , actually -RRB- . With two years of paid coverage remaining , I deleted this nightmare of a program entirely and went with Comcast 's McAfee freebie .
 I want to give it a zero rating but Amazon wo n't let me.PC-Cillin was pre-installed on a Dell XPS Laptop I just recently purchased and it offers to protect up to 2 other computers in your home network for free for the duration of your 1yr membership . Well , 1 month , and about 10 emails to Trend Micro tech support later , I still ca n't get the thing installed on my 2nd computer . The additional serial numbers that came with my initial copy wo n't register . The first thing Trend Micro tech support told me to do was to reinstall and to download another copy . Well , buyers BEWARE when uninstalling Trend Micro using the Add/Remove funcion in Control Panel it may corrupt your drivers . I had to reformat my computer and reinstall Win XP because of it.Also , if you ever have the misfortune of having to deal with their email tech support , your problem will be passed around constantly to different tech support agent and answers and solution will most likely be repeated ... even though they did n't work the 1st or the 2nd time around . You will find yourself having to re-explain what the situation is over and over again . Trust me , Trend Micro belongs in the trash where I ended up throwing it . I will be uninstalling it from my XPS laptop just to make sure I do n't have this garbage on my computer .
 Do not buy this product . If you feel you must , buy it from Trend Micro website or you will not have a warranty . I bought Trend Micro Internet Security Pro 2008 from Best Buy . It would lock up during a scan . After many attempts at getting service I ask for my money back . Trend Micro said they would not refund on a store product . Best Buy would not refund an opened product . So I am out $ 70.00 . And they are still sending emails with no solution to the problem . I have ask them to stop sending emails but they are still comming . Worse than a virus .
 NO SUPPORT AT ALL ! This company does n't seem to be able to afford any support people ! Are they even still in business ? The online support page does n't respond for DAYS and the email support just answers with automated BS . I think they are already out of business and just keep on selling their stuff until the bitter end . I got a fully legal 3PCs authorization on eBay for 2.99 plus $ 2 shipping . Go figure ! It 's definitely not worth more ! Even worse than Norton , if you can believe that !
 OUTRAGEOUS piece of garbage . Not only is it a memory pig , it causes windows to crash . Our system was crippled while this software was installed . And I did n't isolate the problem until after the 30-day guarantee . So I 'm out $ 50 + the many hours I spent trying to nurse my system along.And it looks like the 2008 version has the same problems . Way to go , guys !
 PC-cillin 2007 blocked access to my network scanner and destroyed my `` palm pilot hotsync software installation '' . It deleted other important files without providing a means to get them back . Furthermore , there 's no way to fix these problems with PC-cillin installed . I emailed `` TrendMicro Support '' for help and they did email back but only to advised me to search through their support pages -LRB- which were of no help in this case -RRB- . After two weeks of frustration , I finally uninstalled PC-cillin 2007 . I had to use XP 's `` System Restore '' to get my system back to where is was previously . PC-cillin might be OK if you have a very simple computer setup . But for me , PC-cillin was worse than a virus . I will never buy from `` TrendMicro '' again .
 As a first time user of QuickClean and a recent purchaser of , quickclean 5.0 it is my understanding that the `` shred '' feature for unused disk space was a feature in 4.0 . Why would McAfee remove such a valuable feature and hope to continue to sell the QuickClean product ? 5.0 has limited value to users such as myself who have used their computer for a years without the benefits of a `` shredder '' .
 Maybe the GUI is great . Maybe the calendar-sharing features are great within the tiny enclave of NUDC users cloistered in various organizations . But when a groupware product ca n't do basic things like publishing iCalendar or Free/Busy files and querying LDAP servers for contact information -LRB- c'mon , even Microsoft 's products can do that ! -RRB- , it 's next to worthless in my book . Why even have the groupware features ? The server daemons are nothing but flaky , hog the CPU , collapse under load . My advice ? Stick with free/open source alternatives that are standards-based and wo n't leave you stranded on a calendaring island .
 I ordered this on a Tuesday , was told it would n't ship until wednesday and that I would n't get it until the following Monday -LRB- I had opted for slow-boat shipping as i was to be out of town for a few days -RRB- . So on Sunday evening Amazon sends me a message saying that it was out of stock and I should reorder at a later date.WTF ? It WAS in stock when I ordered it . Also , Amazon could have let me know WAY SOONER that it was not in stock.I 'll never even go back to the Amazon site other than to use it for price checking , certainly never to order anything from them.Pissed in Florida ...
 Games are ok . The downside is that you must have the disc in to play . You can not load it then leave the disc behind . This is a pain when you want to load it on a laptop and then take the laptop on trips , you have to lug the disc around too .
 Total waste of money -- backgammon game not playable -- screen turns almost totally black when try to begin playing . i would return it but do not want the extra expense of shipping . Have since purchased a Kindle backgammon game for $ 1.99 and am totally satisfied with that .
 Very neat product . Was compicated , hard to do and use . Hard to put sheets together and line up . Make sure you calibrate your printer , the instructions are tough too . I dont think ill buy again
 McAfees Spamkiller 6.0 does not work with Outlook . That 's all there is to it . It will either delete 100 % of your e-mail before you ever know someone sent you a message , or . . . you get 100 % of everything , spam and all , depending on your settings . McAfee 's support forum has 1000 ticked off people complaining of this and 1000 responses `` Have you checked you settings '' . Apparently 1000 mad customers is n't a tip off to re-vist their program and check for bugs . I am positive the McAfee techs do n't use this at home or they would instantly know it 's a piece of junk . After a long call -LRB- not toll free -RRB- and 4 help desk entries I gave up and uninstalled Spamkiller 6 . What a waste of money .
 McAfee had taken a double steep backwards with this program , even their older versions were better that this newer one.Email or Customer service is non existent with this company , unless you want to pay a very large phone bill to call , but for as email , forget it.In Spamkiller when the messages are blocked you delete them and they should be gone ? Wrong . Now when you open you email program -LRB- s -RRB- The messages are there and you must delete them again.Also if there is an unsure email and you select it as a friend , most times it will not show up in the email program.The program freezes up and you must restart your operating system even with XP Pro . There should be a `` 0 '' Star rating for this program.Mike
 I 'm using Windows XP Home with MSN Hotmail and can not get this program to work at all , although when you pick the SpamKiller icon you get a screen that states it 's active and working . I get a large number of both legitimate and spam emails every day , and the spamcounter displays zeros for the total counts of both legitimate and spam emails received , so I know it 's not working.I 'm working with my fourth help technician from McCafee -LRB- help through emials instead of expensive phone calls -RRB- , and still no results . This is the message I get when I to select the ` TEST ' button during the install : `` The test did not complete successfully '' `` SpamKiller can not access your MSN Hotmail account '' `` You must be a paid MSN Hotmail Subscriber to have SpamKiller filter your email `` The last technician gave me this email response : '' Even if your Hotmail is for free , this does not matter to SpamKiller when filtering . You may skip using Outlook Express and go directly to the website for your Hotmail/MSN account . `` I am very frustrated with this product and definitely recommend you STAY AWAY from it . I wish there was a way to get my $ 30 back but I know that 's a hopeless cause .
 I would not recommend buying this product . I 've installed it on two computers , one running XP and one Vista , and this program continually glitches and shuts down . I 'll be working away and then it will freeze and I 'll tell you , this is extremly frustrating . I 'm never running any other programs and many times I 'll simply be trying to open a saved file.I 'm not sure why , but this program is seriously flawed ! The full version does not have any of these problems , or at least as far as I know . Sibelius should be ashamed for selling such a worthless hunk of software !!!
 I am a film student trying to get some work done and what do I discover ? Those lovely , FREE updates to iTunes , iPhoto and iMovie -LRB- included in this software -RRB- make it so that if you want to export from iMovie to iDVD , you have to upgrade iDVD . Now guess what the only way you can accomplish that is ! By buying this software package . So , you get to spend your fifty bucks on one piece of software and the upgrades for the other 3 that are available for FREE from Apple . So basically , they screw you into buying iLife to complete the upgrade . Seriously , Microsoft is n't so underhanded !!! Shame on you , Apple !!!
 Watch out this is the short list of classical music composers . Well there were a few more than that I wish to search for when I invest in a software package . I would not want this one for any in depth information about the lives of thousands of classical music composers . Why bother with this when I , or a youngster , can use google .
 This Windows CD is described as being for Windows XP . It is a 1998 product for Windows 3.1 or Windows 95 . Unless you have an old machine , you will not be able to run this . Neither of my machines -LRB- Windows XP and Windows 7 -RRB- would install this software . The company was bought out and the product and support for it are no longer available .
 Installation of a Windows Anytime Upgrade * should * be simple , because all you are really doing is adding a few Windows applications , and enabling some disabled features in Windows . Instead , it is more painful and difficult than installing Windows from scratch.First , it is incredibly time-consuming . While I can usually install Windows in less than 30 minutes , it took 21/2 hours to run the Anytime Upgrade from Vista Business to Vista Ultimate , with my computer completely inaccessible the entire time.Second , like installing a new version of Windows over an older version , it breaks things . Instead of just leaving your existing Windows installation alone , it seems like it reinstalls everything not-quite-correctly , leaving you with the type of damaged Windows installation you used to get from upgrading , say , Windows 98 to Windows XP . These are the things I had to clean up after running Anytime Upgrade : - All Windows Update patches were gone , so I had to run Windows Update again -LRB- it does not warn you of this , so you are unpatched and potentially at risk until you figure it out -RRB- . - Non-Windows products that integrated with network drivers were broken and had to be reinstalled or reconfigured . These included
 This product has Microsoft problems as well as Amazon problems.After initial purchase , I downloaded the product to install it . The install took 3 hours . At the end , I got a message saying that the Upgrade was not successfull . and my previous version of Windows was restored.After changing a few settings , I went to try again . I went to the Amazon web site as I was instructed to do . Found the product again and hit he Download button.Guess what ??? Nothing happens . I still have not been able to install the product . I can not get help from Amazon and nothing from Microsoft .
 I have an Activated copy of Vista Business and get the following error when trying to update to Vista Ultimate : `` Can not Install License Package
 do not upgrade to 32 bit . it does n't run games as good as the business version which is not good to begin with . I upgraded to stop the crashes instead I have a upgrade that wo n't even run the games in normal modes . It reduced graphics from 3.0 which is poor to 2.7 which is horrible .
 I 've used Virus Scan 8.0 and Personal Firewall Plus 5.0 for the past year on my PC without any problems . Recently I installed VS 9.0 and PFP 6.0 -LRB- after first uninstalling the older versions -RRB- , and now it seems although the new products are registered , I ca n't receive the updates . I am still prompted to register so that I can receive updates , however I receive an error message when I try to do so -LRB- probably because it 's already registered -RRB- . Needless to say , McAfee 's support is horrible . Their online chat is the worst form of support I 've ever encountered ; it 's slow , painfully slow . Get ready to waste hours , then have your session terminated when one of their idiot technicians tries to send you a pop-up . This is the only form of free technical support they offer , if you want to speak with a person on the phone you must pay $ 39 . It 's insulting to say the least . I installed VS 9.0 and PFP 6.0 on my new notebook without any problems , but trying to update my PC has become a huge waste of time . I ca n't imagine chat based support is more productive or cost effective than phone based support . Based on the support , do n't buy McAfee !
 I purchased this McAfee Kit that included both Personal Firewall and VirusScan to run on my WinXp P4 , 512 system from a physical store -LRB- one of those fantastic discount warehouses -RRB- The software NEVER worked!I installed the software from the disk as instructed ; however , as soon as I went online it started attempting to verify my subscription . This process never worked ; no matter what actions I took the product never appeared on my online MyAccount page and therefore never functioned as designed.I contacted the McAfee online help desk which quickly informed me that they would only be able to resolve this issue over the phone . To my surprise -LRB- disgust -RRB- this phone help service is a PAID service . That 's right , you need to pull out your credit card and pay just to talk to a help desk associate in some far off land . As a sucker that I am , I paid for a block of time to attempt to resolve this installation issue . It was like throwing good money after bad . This support desk promised emails back and never sent . Then on subsequent calls they promised call backs ; which also never happened . After spending $ 30 on support calls I gave up!I have serious doubts about this company as they DO NOT STAND behind their products . I suggest you look elsewhere when looking to secure your computer.Also , do n't get lured in by the promised rebates . After 5 months I am still waiting !!!
 I purchased Internet Suite 2005 as an upgrade to 2004 - which incedentally worked very well . The same can not be said for the 2005 version . I have never come across a piece of software that is so unready for general release . The un-install is flawed and losses all previous settings . The software is full of bugs and inconsistances for which I have been on the phone for approx 2 hrs to attempt to fix -LRB- insist tha McAfee phone you back to save the 1 per minute charge -RRB- - e.g. - parms lost on update , permissions issues for XP sub users , un-install of previous versions does not work correctly leaving bits of the previous version arround causing problems with the install and the update of your registration - result - product can potentially unregister itself at the end of life of the previous version . Shredder does not work correctly - script errors . One of their fix instructions is to turn off the firewall and download a fix - so putting your pc at risk while the download occurs ! I could go on and on . I 'm sure they will update and produce fixes but at present the product , in my view , posses a risk .
 Was quite disappointed that the program lacked the ability for parental controls . It implies it has them ; and you can lock out specific websites - who has time for that . Their tech support could not provide a real answer , only an automatated answer that was not helpful . I would not recommend it .
 This software is extremely annoying ... every other day it pops up a notice that you need to `` verify subscription '' . Until you do , it disables your software . Half the time the `` verify '' does n't work , or , if you 've purchased the suite , you 're treated to five notices in a row.If you 're in the middle of something , you 're forced to stop what you 're doing , connect to the internet , remember your password and log onto McAfee , where you 're treated to a marketing page.If you do n't verify , or click `` cancel '' , then the software disables itself.The firewall has two settings ... allow access once or allow full access , and does n't differentiate between your local computer and programs that need to access the internet . IF you have a program that you want to access your home network , but NOT have permission to connect to the internet , then you 're outta luck.The software uses too much resources , and can only work if your computer has IE or Netscape.The only reason I have it installed , is because it came with my computer . As soon as the subscription runs out , it 's going off my machine , AGAIN.Do yourself a favor and get NOD32 or ZoneAlarm . .
 I would give them 0 stars if it were n't because I do n't have that choice.I got their yearly subscription and used the product for more than a year without any major problem , except for minor annoyances.Since the past week I am not able to verify my subscription because of a bug in their `` subscription verify system '' . The worst part is that their technical support is clueless and they will ask customers to do manual uninstalls and play around with the registry , which is really scary.At this point I am considering removing the product , cancelling my subscription , and moving to another virus scanner and personal firewall.Too bad that McAffee does not provide a better customer support , and for basic and necessary products such a virus scanner and firewall they should pay more attention , just having a chat support and a forum is not good enough if they are no effective . I do n't think the paying service would help either .
 I kept seeing great reviews for this and thinking `` Well , the demo does n't look like much , but based on these reviews I must be missing something . `` That , along with the general excitement of pregnancy , caused me to finally get it.The demo is pretty much all it is.A simple , cartoon-ish fetus -- that , based on the `` future '' info of what the baby would like like -- only changes every couple weeks or so.Some trivia that you can find anywhere on the net is given every day -LRB- `` the fetus can now suck it 's thumb '' -RRB- . And that is it.Based on the package info I expected different , detailed info and -LRB- at minimum -RRB- more realistic -LRB- and frequently changing -RRB- fetal images.All in all , this is for the person who has never read even a passing chapter of a `` What to expect '' book , and who has never looked up any fetus pictures anywhere.Very simple and childish.In fact , give it to your other kids . It would be good for them , perhaps .
 If this were a shareware application , you would install the `` screensaver '' and then delete it once viewed and never pay for it.Me
 I am rating the Windows Anytime Upgrade * DISK * order process not the download for the upgrade . If you think there is any chance you will have to have a DISK sent to you ORDER IT FROM SOMEONE ELSE.Ok , here is the deal . Windows made the upgrade sound like instant gratification , unfortunately not all distributions of Windows Vista come with a disk that will work with the downloadable upgrade . My new Dell Laptop did not , so when I downloaded the executable and it asked me to insert my original disk the install failed . If you look carefully you will see on the order form a link to buy an Upgrade DISK for an additional $ 5.00 so Amazon and Microsoft were fully aware it was likly to fail . I was n't happy but I ordered the upgrade disk and that was where the problems really started . They upgrade disk is not really provided by Amazon 's order system , so customer service could n't tell me when it would be shipped , in fact they insisted there was no order . It took the better part of a week to find anyone who would even admit I had placed the order . To add insult they are ` rushing ' my disk to me by US Snail Mail so I might get it next week sometime . After the bait and switch of on the instant upgrade , it would have been nice if they had given me an option of a faster delivery system.Overall I have always had good experiences with Amazon and will order from them in the future but on the Windows ` Anytime ' Upgrade I would order it from anyone other than Amazon . I just wish there was a rating lower than one star .
 Do not waste your money.Buy from another site as I purchased this from Amazon and then needed to buy a Anytime disk , and that did not help either , was not able to download key , and neither Amazon or Microsoft could resolve my problem , so money was wasted as Amazon does not stand behind what they sell .
 After several attempts the download simply would not work . This was a big mistake . Buyer beware .
 i rated the other similar 9.0 2005 old version - i do n't know what -LSB- LB -RSB- stands for except that it would work better on hard drives of that type formatted in that way -LSB- large base ? -LSB- size , ... of sectors ? -RSB- -RSB- , as i have recently done , but havent got that new ones modem up + going yet with XP . ... Well , hmmm . Customer servive ? Sucks REALLY BADLY . Do n't even waste time talking to them online . They take control of your pc , and opnly make problem worse . DAYS of time wasted , and no solution . Phone support ? It 's a little better , but only avlbl m-f 8-5 i believe . And if you need their number , they are in Plano TX and you want the 866 number toll free , so when you call the 800 number -LRB- might be under network associates -RRB- that it is for businesses , so when it tells you to puch option 1 for retail , it gives the 866 number in Plano , TX . By the way , the online chat is SLOW as hech to even get started up worth it . And if you delete cookies nd need to relogin since setup , they may have reset your password without even asking or telling you . I believe the chat is really comprised of foreigners with questionable english skill -LRB- s -RRB- ? It is full of auto-reply niceties . Its been a couple weeks and still no solution or help from them . What good is bying 2 CD 's when you are unable to get DAT file updates ? Furthermore , the autoupdate pops up , even unseen in the background , all the time -- even when you turn in off , and it says it is supposed to be off . If you are slowing down a lot , do CNTRL+ALT+DEL and shut it down forcefully . And do n't think you can defragment your drive for maintenance by exiting the the tray icon . Oh , no . Must close down all 4 running Mc-anythings using CNTL+ALT+DEL several more times . It was soooo refreshing to uninstall after reinstalling and everyother thing they told me to try . Ran sooo much quicker , even opening files , folders , calculator -- anything . 6 startup entries gone with the wind . Downloaded AVGfree and runs so much nicer and faster . AMAZING that they want to make it so hard to give you updates that you pay for , and will not . Apparently , they said you could put it on 2 pc 's , which i did not , but another said you could not . I have an email reminding me to renew , with all their other spam , yet they have altered my account to show i was never signed up . You have to sign up , and give and use an email . Much cheaper than buyig online direct though . If you have at least a 1 Gz -LRB- P III -RRB- processor , it is not so bad on autoupdate , and yet it will tell you when asked that you are up to date and protected and when you log in , and maunually check , it downloads updates , so apparently it was NOT up up date . They should TELL you that you need to use 2 different emails for 2 different pc 's . Surely , i am not the only one with more than 1 pc ? And god help you if you forget your password . So , both online and when i called they dais myone email had nothing signed up , when i have now an email from them telling me to renew . Gee , i wonder how that could be . Liars !!! The software AND the support is dishonest and not trustworthy.And if it ever turns dark-colored maroon , and you read online where they tell you it is `` nothing to worry about '' -- do n't fall for that one . Do n't you believe them .
 This company has the worst customer service that I have ever experienced . I used McAfee on one of my computers , so I decided to use it on my other one as well . When I had troubles with my installation , I tried contacting customer service . Not only did I NEVER get the help I needed , but I was charged for their service and yet never was able to install the program correctly and , consequently , never actually used their service on this computer . I still do n't know what the installation problem was , because they could n't figure it out -LRB- after a total of approximately ten hours of ATTEMPTING to talk to their customer service via `` chat '' -RRB- . Now they just charged me again this month , and I am not sure how the payment was authorized.As far as the service itself , it is fine . I know because I have it on my other computer -LRB- although not for very much longer -RRB- . Originally , I thought I liked this company better than their competitors , but , at this point , I would n't reccommend McAfee to anyone .
 When I purchased Mcafee Antivirus , Mcafee encouraged me to sign up for a subscription . Every year , they automatically renew the subscription without telling me . They do not provide a courtesy e-mail or a reminder . The charge just shows up on the credit card . On their website , they do not provide a way to cancel their subscription . Not providing a way to cancel the subscription is a questionable business practice . I have contacted their customer service , but have not yet received a reply . As a precautionary step , I was forced to cancel the credit card that they automatically charge.I purchased a new computer that came with Norton Antivirus and no longer need Mcafee . I am extremely pleased with the Norton Antivirus software . The user interface is much easier to use . They also seem to detect more than just viruses and are more advanced than Mcafee . Norton does not force a renewal down your throat either . Instead they send you a reminder that it is time to renew . Norton is much better .
 I 've been a McAfee fan for years , until last week . An antivirus auto-update did n't finish loading , which put my PC in a constant rebooting stage . After paying $ $ to speak to someone at McAfee , and getting `` scripted brainless runarounds '' , he finally told me it was my system vendor 's problem and not theirs.I had to install a new hard drive , reinstall all my applications , and then restore my data from backups . I then decided to use a less popular , but well-reviewed antivirus product . It found a number of viruses in my restored data that McAfee had been missing for years.The new program only uses a fraction of the system RAM that McAfee did . McAfee 's Security Center uses a lot of RAM , which is a waste , because its main purpose is to constantly annouce what McAfee software products you have n't bought yet.Don ' t buy McAfee , you can do a lot better !!
 The new version 9 of McAfee VirusScan 2005 has some serious problems over previous versions .1 . It REQUIRES Microsoft Internet Explorer to be the default web browser or it will not update . MS IE has been determined to be the weakest browser on the market and Firefox , Opera and others can not be the default . MS IE has many security holes and for a security company to mandate that you use a browser that 's not secure is just nonsense .2 . You now need to also include McAfee 's marketing tool called `` Security Center '' that constantly reminds you that you do n't have all the McAfee products installed .3 . There 's no logging ability any more so you never know what 's going on , if a virus has been detected , if updates actually occurred and such .4 . If you 're into games , video editing and other activities where pop-up 's will get in the way , you need to completely shutdown VirusScan or the pop-ups will hinder your gaming pleasure or your work . They do cause the system to slow down while they load and then you also get a second pop-up asking to clean your system . Shutting down VirusScan to do work kind of defeats the purpose of even having it .5 . There is no way to exclude files from being checked so if you run a firewall or BlackIce that captures evidence logs , VirusScan will pop-up all the time when the firewall logs get information . There is no way to avoid the constant notices because you can not exclude these files.Had I known it had these limitations and problems , I would have never spent the money on this package .
 I recently upgraded from version 7 to 9 and I must say that this is a big step backwards.The first thing I noticed is that the product blatantly lies to you . It will claim that your virus scan is up to date when , in fact , it has n't done any updates since it was installed !!! The problem was finally traced to using a browser other than Internet Explorer.Their customer support was totally worthless in this regard . Multiple reinstallations of McAfee did NOT cure this problem . After monitoring their update program it was determined that ActiveX is required to update their product . I use a different web browser than IE and I have ActiveX disabled for security reasons -LRB- highly recommended that it be disabled by various network security sites -RRB- . Thus , since ActiveX was disabled , McAfee would not update but , it would always say that it did.When I get my rebates for the product , I 'll be purchasing a different AntiVirus product and trashing this one . I used to really like and support McAfee but with this release , I 've had to do a 180 degree change in direction . I do n't need their marketing telling me that I should purchase all their other products . I do n't need to be led to believe that I 'm up to date when I 'm not . I should n't need to reduce the security of my system in order to run their product . I should n't be required to use other products configured in a special way to run any anti virus package . For these reasons , I rate this new release as terrible .
 Awful , Awful , Awful , Terrible , Terrible , Terrible . I should have listened to the reviewers on here ! Especially when the one guy here said that Macafee IS the virus . He was right . I just could not believe it could be soooo different from the recently discontinued 4.5.1 for school/corporations -LSB- enterprise -RSB- . Boy , was i wrong ! Not only does it take minutes to start up , Most of the time , after that , you can hardly even move your mouse -LSB- even though a resource meter shows hardly much usage -RSB- . What a lemon ! I Tried reinstalling 2 or 3 times , rebooted 6-7x , re-updated 3x 's etc. . Error . U ca n't adjust anything or uninstall its addware in 1 step & it does n't tell u what it 's doing . U can not remove it 's adware in 1 step . Never detected anything - or did n't tell me ?! Try free sharewares
 I thought about going on with a tirade about how McAfee offers rebates on their products that never arrive . But too many people have beaten me to the punch . There are whole websites devoted to people who spent six months trying to get a promised rebate from them . My story is not at all original , I bought the product and carefully included everything the rebate asked for , mailed the whole shebang in and waited ... and waited ... and waited and FINALLY received a letter in reply saying that my claim was rejected because of missing form xxx . `` I 'll have to take your word on that boys as you kept all the forms that I sent to yourselves instead of returning them with this note !! `` I could have fought them over this but why bother it 's only $ 20 and I have no leverage.Instead I 'll just have to content my self with this little tirade ... Oh and perhaps post a link to a company that lets you download a * FREE VERSION ** of their commercial anti-virus software . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought a copy of 9.0 locally because I 've always used McAfee and online updating is a bad joke with my connection . The first version , whatever it was , came preinstalled on my Gateway and came with no print documentation . Next up I bought a copy of 6.0 and got the print stuff , no real problems if a guy would just read directions I guess . I updated that one online but made mistakes -LRB- their system was n't clear enough for me and the download took too much time -RRB- and decided to go and buy software this time based on the reputation I 'd heard McAfee had.I was pleased to read , on the box , that just about any PC out there could run this thing but I was dismayed to find next to no printed material in the box . The box itself almost has more info than the sorry little scrap of paper inside . Quick Start Guide they all it and that 's about all you get , a quick run through on preparing your PC and installation of the product . I 'm not very computer literate and this thing seems to be written for Windows XP -LRB- I 'm using ' 98 -RRB- . Any real operations information seems to be contained on the CD-ROM -LRB- so you 'd better not throw that away -RRB- , I 'm not entirely sure I can figure out how to open it up - I want it in print . Another thing I do n't like is that the software seems to be autogeared to search and update on it 's own - not one word in print anywhere about that.Next time I may just see about using somebody else 's software .
 I became a user of McAfee VirusScan years ago when I purchased v4 .0 to rid my computer of an email virus . Subsequent updates to Windows made v4 .0 obsolete and unsupported by McAfee . I eventually upgraded to v7 .0 with Personal Firewall -LRB- for my Win98 and WinXP computers -RRB- and all was well for a while . Then , because of a civil lawsuit of some sort , McAfee offered me v8 .0 for free and I installed it ... big mistake !! Since upgrading to v8 .0 , Personal Firewall has stopped working and McAfee support has been useless ! I have tried everything -LRB- including their detailed step-by-step instructions many times -RRB- to remove v8 .0 and go back to v7 .0 so I can use Personal Firewall -- McAfee wo n't let it happen . So , I now have to use v8 .0 without a firewall unless I want to spend $ 30 for the newer product -LRB- Personal Firewall Plus -RRB- . Recently , my fully updated and running VirusScan v8 .0 did not stop an email virus from infecting my computer ... useless!Plus , now there 's an annual fee to use the product and receive updates to te scanning engine and virus database.It 's a ripoff waiting to happen !
 I could n't believe it . Virus Scan 9 failed to detect Win32.Webber . This password stealing Trojan has been around since June 2003 yet McAfee failed to detect it . I 'm not impressed . I uninstalled McAfee and loaded Zone Alarm Security Suite which detected and removed the virus . You can bet your sweet bippie that I 'm returning this for a refund .
 I tried this software . It locked up my machine , consumed all of my system resources , and constantly consumed my full cable bandwidth reintiating downloads . Their was no way to get to techincal support other than paying an amount equal to the purchase price . Their entire web site seems constructed to take your money but give no service . I called to get a refund and waited on line for an hour . Only to find that the number they listed had no authority to give a refund . I waited more than a half hour on the second call . I warn you do not even consider this product .
 Installed McAfee VS 2005 9.0 on a perfectly good Dell 8200 Inspirion and it killed it dead . Do n't buy this product ... it did n't work on my PC where everything else worked fine . McAfee offers no warranty support and could n't care less about customers . Stay away , very far away .
 I 'm not sure if this is the same version that AOL gives to its memebers now but I had no problems with McAfee until I started playing games on my PC again . Actually any software that made heavy demands on my processor or graphics card experienced `` hiccups '' and some slowdown . It took me awhile to realize it but there is a program that McAfee runs in the backround -LRB- mcshield.exe -RRB- that runs even if McAfee itself is shut down -LRB- I guess to help monitor your system for incoming viruses -RRB- . As soon as I uninstalled McAfee this problem disappeared . I definitely want comprehesive virus protection but not if the cost is not being able to enjoy games or movies on my system .
 This software gave me only problems , I have Win98SE , My computer was working fine before the installation of McAfee 9.0 , It caused my computer to lock up every time when scaning for virus . After restarting my computer this antivirus was forbiding access to several files vital for a the computer to run , I could n't uninstall it because did not let me open my control panel . So my computer became unuseful . I was able to start in safe mode and disable the crap . Then I used the manual scan option , it found a virus call W32 \ FunLove.gen it said that the files have been cleaned . I ran the manual scan again and it found the same virus in the same files previously cleaned !! . I did it 3 times and it was always finding the same virus . What a nightmare . I installed it in another computer with Win98 in it , did the same thing . Is unvelibable that a new software can perfome some badly , it is a rip off . Besides all the support of McAfee is terrible there is no 1-800 numbers and you have to pay by the minute to talk to technicians . Do n't buy this crap !!
 I 've installed McAfee VS9 .0 on two different machines with two different operating sytsems -LRB- 98SE & XP1 w/o SP2 -RRB- . Both machines had major problems on the install . the 98SE machine could no longer access the interent after the install . McAfee online support told me what I described was impossible . It took me a few days but I finally figured out , by trial and error of restoring the machine and then doing various parts of the install , that in the 9.0 uninstall of the previous version it was wiping out my internet acces . I fixed that on my own . No help from McAfee despite the fact that descriptions of previous version installs doing a similar thing are in their online msg boards . I still have not fixed the XP1 machine yet . Wait on buying until they fix bugs they should have fixed in previous versions . Posted 1-4-05 .
 This is the worst antivirus software you could get . I had more problems with this than any other . Get Norton Antivirus 2005 or something similar to that.At first it seemed like it worked good , but then it stopped updating . It did n't catch any viruses and eventually almost crashed my computer.This antivirus software also takes like 2 hours to scan your computer making this a tedious task to do . I also did not like the fact that it kep telling you what you have not installed . This seemed like just a trial to me . Mcafee also tried to start up 8 programs at start up , which hindered my start up time . After this my whole computer started slowing down and malware started sticking onto my computer like glue.I eventually returned this and got my full money back and bought eTrust antivirus . After I ran this for the first time I disocoverd my computer had over 60 infected files Mcafee did not pick up or prevent . This was the worst experience ever.In order to justify for the 1 star , all I can say is they have nice looking packaging , but their products do not work . BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you are buying this DVD on Amazon because availability says download now , DO N'TThis software is not available for download ! I purchased it ; called support 3 times before I finally got an answer that the page is wrong . PLUS they refused to give me a refund , because it is NON-refundable . They make a mistake and the customer eats the cost ...
 Will not load into computer running MS Vista , 64 bit . Vista has been available for over 2 years and a leading publisher ca n't keep up ? In fact , looking around on Amazon I ca n't find any dictionary that will work . Guess we really do n't dictionaries after all ? The disk now sits in the pile of other useless stuff .
 Cannit make it work on any of our computers , even parents could n't figure it out . Major disappointment where it states it is for our sytem .
 I wanted this product for my child , I did n't pay much for it , so it was consider a loss for me and not worth the trip to post office for return , I tried three computers in my house and could not open the disk .
 Please DO NOT BUY THIS cd/dvd , its old and outdated software is not working on XP or Vista , the readme talks about bunch of codes and others manual steps very hard to install and work with . It 's not even worth spending a cent on this .
 This game has a lot of potential for entertaining kids . However , I 've had the same trouble as the other listings . We can never move on to another mission because the system always fails and I have to physically reboot time and time again ! It 's very frustrating for my 5 year old son who just loves the game . Too bad that THQ does n't have much of a customer support program . Maybe they know the troubles and do n't wish to accept responsibility .
 The earlier review had it right -- I also ca n't get this game to run , with the same symptoms he/she described . I have tried it on 2 different systems , Win98 and Win XP , with the same results . This is the only game so far that has failed to work on these systems.There is no troubleshooting information provided with the product . Mattel 's and THQ 's web sites have absolutely NO support information for this game.If / when I hear from THQ support -LRB- they predict a 2-business day turnaround for email support requests -RRB- , I 'll add another review.Save your money .
 This should be so simple
 I remember playing this when I was a kid . I bought it so I can relive the past again but it will not install . Sadly
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 I uploaded a new version . Disaster ! Would not take import from older version . Worked with my IT expert to get it transfered but now it wo n't sort and goes to error . NO tech support . Promised support but ends up to be nothing -- really nothing !
 It is not what it says on the packaging , I found it difficult to use , it is outdated , no help.Don ' t buy this product .
 I experienced some compatibility issues with this software and I have a Windows OS . Data was simple to enter however , days later when I actually needed the information I was unable to open the file I saved . Need additional gadgets .
 This is a piece of VERY outdated junk ... uses Adobe Acrobat 4.0 , when the most recent ACROBAT version is 10 AND FREE !! AMAZON should be ashamed to sell this VERY OUTDATED VERSION . I will not buy ANYTHING from AMAZON again !!!
 I was so glad to find this at Amazon as I had been looking for this program in an updated version for me new computer . I was using this on my old computer and liked the way you entered your information . It was easy for someone like me to use as it is hard for me at seventy years old to change how I do things now . Thanks for carrying a wide variety of programs old and new for computers .
 It very hard to use ; have buy more upgrades to use it ; it not worth the $ 4.00 ' I have just put in the closet ; well never buy any CD again at that price ; DO NOT BUYMy MailList & Address Book
 This software is useless . It says you can import data from Excel but it does n't work . I followed directions in online manual but still did n't work . I contacted the software developer on the support site but never received a response . I gave up and imported my data from Excel into my gmail and yahoo contact lists which both allow you to print the list .
 This program will not run on Vista and they will not take it back after opening .
 My MailList & AddressBookDO NOT INSTALL THIS PROGRAM if you have an older version of it in your computer . It will overwrite the older program , you wo n't be able to retrieve any of the information you have entered in the older program and it WILL NOT import any of that information . Which means you 'll need to start completely from scratch entering your information manually -LRB- took me 10 hours to enter my approximately 250 contacts with all their specifics -RRB- . Then , when you 're finally ready to print your lists IT IS VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE to design a print out form -LRB- I settled for `` as close as I could come '' to something that would at least allow me to put it in my Franklin planner -RRB- . I was happy with my 15 year old version , it simply would no longer print which motivated me to `` upgrade '' -LRB- what joke ! -RRB- .
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 `` Wow . I am utterly amazed that your corporate headquarters is n't a squatter camp in lower Bangladesh , although I 'm sure it will soon be.Only a nest of leper-rotting unskilled nomadic vagrants could produce software of such putrid quality . I can not -- absolutely can not -- believe that I was suckered into buying such an absolute pile of curdled feces . `` Description of the Issue ''
 The primary reason I purchased the MapSend Streets and Destinations was to have a reference of Automotive Services along the highway such as gas stations -LRB- like the GARMIN units have -RRB- . While the Streets and Destinations database includes many restaurants , hotels , museums , and other points of interest , it does not include any information on the locations of automotive services . I also found many inaccuracies in the points of interest database such as , wrong locations , wrong names , and double entries -LRB- one in the right location and the other several blocks or miles away -RRB- . The omission of the automotive services along with the inaccuracies made the MapSend Streets and Destinations software basically unusable . I was very disappointed in this product .
 Having used the Mapsend software though out the western U.S. I found that , if where you 're going has been there for a least 10 years Magellan Mapsend Streets Gold will get you there otherwise get a map . It 's hard to believe Magellan can make such a good GPS and support it with such a poor software package .
 I have been a fan of magellan for year 's , but it look 's like you CA N'T GET T TOGETHER on this streets & topo . I have tryed my friends Meridian my OLD gps 2000 work 's better than that , was going to but one but I 'll wait till you guys GET IT TOGETHER -LCB- I hope -RCB- before i buy one . Hope to see you back on top soon PS Hope your CEO gets wind of this
 I bought this software to help with both trail and street navigation with my Meridian GPS . After driving around with the unit once , I thought there was a problem with my GPS . It consistently showed me driving 500-1000ft off the current road I was actually on . I tried to contact technical support to see about a repair , but they wo n't answer e-mails or phone calls . I finally found a news posting that said the maps were just inaccurate . So I put it to the test . I drove down a major highway -LRB- I-95 in New York/Connecticut -RRB- with full view of the sky -LRB- WAAS mode -RRB- and let the GPS keep my track . When I got back , the track on the GPS screen was 500ft off the highway -LRB- I was in the water at one point -RRB- . I downloaded the track to MapSend , and it showed the same thing . I was never even close to the highway or any other street I was on . Then I took the waypoints from the track and plotted them in Microsoft Mappoint . All the points were right on the roads I travelled . I found out the reason . The MapSend maps are based on outdated and inaccurate TIGER line files -LRB- US Census data , available for free -RRB- . Other software is based of other vendors -LRB- NavTech and others -RRB- , that is much more accurate and the vendor has to pay royalties . Mappoint uses NavTech data , and so does some of the Garmin products . MapSend uses the TIGER data to keep the cost down , and passes on the value to you . In short , MapSend is completely worthless . The POIs are outdated by many years , you never know what street you 're on , and tech support is unreachable .
 I bought a Magellan Meridian Color recently , its basemap is fairly accurate but only have major freeways and roadways . So I check on their website and bought the MapSend Streets and Destinations for USA , along with SD memory.After load up the SF BayArea region , I found streets and POI are off by a few hundred feet in most area , so it 's totally useless and defeat the purpose to have detail map . I wrote an email to Magellan technical support , and here is the reply : `` Hi!We are currently evaluating different mapping data sources for near future updates . Our current plan is to provide map database updates over the course of next year . We are also working on a program that will allow current owners to obtain the update at a reduced cost.Thank You . `` If the map inaccuracies are up to a few hundred feet is a known problem , they should provide any of the following :1 . refund the buyers who find it 's useless2 . publish the data , so people know there is such a problem3 . provide a free upgrade to the accurate mapI felt like being cheated by a well known vendor with such poor quality software . Shame on the MapSend S&D ; USA software product !
 If you 're looking for street level point-to-point navigation , look elsewhere . Not quite useless , but nearly so . Locations on uploaded regions are up to two-tenths of a mile off kilter . The best it will do is get you to the general area so you can then use the map image like a paper road map . It will not get you door-to-door . If you 're in moutain back country , could be life-and-death serious!The folks at Thales -LRB- pronounced `` tallus '' -RRB- / Magellan say they are well aware of the inaccuracy and are trying to find a more reliable data supplier . I 'd wait !
 I bought the Mapsend Streets Gold CD ROM and Mapsend Street -LRB- Europe -RRB- for my new SporTrack Pro GPS . Loading the software to my PC was flawless . Loading the data from my PC to the GPS unit was also flawless . The disappointing part was the outdated maps . What 's the use of having state of the art hardware -LRB- SporTrack Pro -RRB- if the software if obsolete -LRB- Magellan Mapsend -RRB- . I find myself driving off the road and on nonexistent roads when I look at my GPS and most of these streets are at least 4 years old . I downloaded the map for Venice and guess what , only one canal is on the map and not all street are shown . When I emailed Magellan for assistance I received their email thanking me for contacting them but that was it . I never heard anything else out of Magellan . If you 're in the market for an excellent GPS unit with obsolete software , buy Magellan .
 I have been interested in GPS units for several years , and have owned three handhelds so far . The Magellan Meridian Platinum is by far and away the best handheld made , to date . It 's user interface and accuracy are top-notch , along with a suite of useful features -LRB- temp , barometer , etc. . . -RRB- . However , while Magellan succeeded with the unit itself , the mapsend software itself is the most outdated and difficult program i have ever used . I have been using computers for as long as i can remember , and have tackled some pretty difficult software , but this takes the cake . I can not imagine a less user friendly software . I spent about 3 hours trying to input the information from my PC to the GPS , but to no avail . I gave up and sent the software back . Please , please do not waste your time or money on this product . By all means , if you are looking for a GPS , go with the Magellan , but unless you feel like punishing yourself , do not consider the software a selling point .
 I recently purchased a Sport Trak Pro and thought that I would use it to plan camping and hunting trips around the country . I found right away that the maps included were seriously lacking in detail so purchased the mapsend software . What a waste of money . I found that the data is outdated and in some cases just wrong . I was driving down a street that I use often and found that I was 500 feet to the side . In some cases that streets are not even listed even though they have been in place for years . I hope that Magellan is expecting to update the software to be more accurate and complete very soon or this device is less than useful .
 I too bought the MapSend Streets for help in traveling . The item is hoplessly out of date . Streets that have been here for 7 years or more are not listed on the disk . I would hope they would provide an update but so far have not seen one . Other than being out of date , it does work fine , easy to use , but how dependable is it if it is that out of date ?
 My daughter bought a Magellan GPSr . The hardware 's features were great ! Since I own a Garmin V , I thought she might have out-skunked the old man . That was right up until we tried to find map software for this GPS . -LRB- The base map is ok if you like traveling interstate routes without street detail for cities . -RRB- So , what good is a GPS without map software ? Generally USELESS ! We bought MAPSEND Streets & Destinations USA . Thank the lord I only spend $ 39.00 on it . Good for the seller , bad for me . I should have recognize the clues when there was NOT a `` Streets & Destinations USA '' version for sale on the Magellan home page . -LRB- hint , hint , hint -RRB- I HAVE VERSION V4 .00 F . THE MAPS ARE SO OUT OF DATE THEY CAN ONLY BE USED FOR BASIC STREET NAVIGATION . MANY POIs DO N'T EXIST ANYMORE AND IN SOME CASES THE ACCURACY IS SO BAD STREET CROSSROADS ARE OFF BY HUNDREDS OF FEET.Do not waste your money on Magellan products unless they get their mapping software FIXED and stop ripping off their customers.Magicman
 This is the worst purchase I have ever made . I loaded the software into my Magellan for 4 areas for a recent trip , Hawaii -LRB- my home -RRB- , Texas , Miami and San Juan . We drove all over during the trip & hiked various places . The maps are not just a ` little ' off -LRB- 50-100 feet I might have lived with -RRB- , they are WAY WAY off in many areas . Miami down to Key west we were in the water the whole time , in Hawaii it is completely useless for any road , even the MAJOR Freeways.Everybody laughs when I show them the tracking , I 've calibrated many times and gone to known points of reference . The freaking basemap is more accurate !! Save your money and look for something else . I will definitely think twice about any map software from Magellan , I was expecting it to be off some due to the underlying cheaper database , but it is completely useless in the 4 major areas I tested it -LRB- Virginia too -RRB- . Just my experience .
 I find this software very difficult to use . Entering routes is not user friendly . Help section does not help much either . Sorry I purchased it .
 I bought this software to replace 50 years of NGs . It 's one of those annoying packages that require disk 1 in the CD drive for operation . This means that one must not only insert the relevant CD to view an article , but it 's necessary to re-insert disk 1 between EACH article examined - not efficient ! The resolution appears to average about 50 kb per page with compression of about 30:1 or so - not hi-rez . I 'm using a 2GHz , dual processor G5 with an Apple Studio screen , so obsolete hardware is n't the problem . The program wo n't run in OS X and it appears to be one of those packages that wo n't age well . Topics Entertainment prepared this and they also did the software for the Wintel version . I 'd recommend holding on to your stash of NGs and/or finding a good reference library . It 's obvious why NG no longer vends this .
 With all the CD swapping it is almost not worth owning . It is cool being able to search across all those years but the CD swapping ruins the experience completely .
 This topo software is approximately 4 years out of date . I emailed Thane Navigation asking for an update or an explanation why they did n't state a disclaimer for the out-of-date condition . NO RESPONSE !! I should have heeded the warnings in other reviews that the MAPSEND software was out of date and you could not get help from Thane 's customer service . VERY POOR CUSTOMER RELATIONS !! I will not purchase their products in the future .
 The Magellan 210 is sold with the PC cable and with support material that clearly states compatibility with Topo 3d , so I shelled out $ 100 for the software package . Dozens of hours of effort by myself and several computer whizkids failed to ever produce an interface , and literally hours on the phone to their support line confirmed that their own paid employees have n't a clue how to make the combination work . The mystic `` patch '' that should allow the final step of the convoluted multi-step , illogical , user-hating process can not be downloaded from Magellan 's lamentably glacial website . If the maps are used on their own , one finds that , for example , the wrong `` Eagle Mountain '' in Minnesota is marked as the state 's high point . The contour-line drawing function mysteriously disappears and can not be readily re-established . I feel that I 've been badly cheated and have wasted an inordinate amount of time with this software . Does this company know that they actually endanger peoples ' lives when topographic outback maps are inaccurate or otherwide inaccessible ?
 I compared my GPS to maps from Topozone.com and my Meridian GPS is accurate - it 's the Magellan map and software that is off by 500-1000 ft. The Topo software is really not supposed to be a streets program , so I can sort ' a forgive the out of date street maps - they seem to be at least 10 or 12 years old . Street maps are also low resolution ` stick ' maps ; not even close to the picture shown on the CD case . I like the GPS , and the software came as a bundle for ... If I had paid MSRP I would have demanded my money back . Magellan really should update this program .
 I bought this software thinking it was great ... WRONG ... the disc locks up and will not load , the company will not return my e-mails or phone calls , now I am out 100.00 and have a useless disc ... Buy the DeLorme products , they wo n't load with your Magellan GPS , but get rid of it too and get one that is compatible with DeLorme products ... they are much better quality
 They sent me the wrong product . Can only communicate through emails . They did pay for return shipping but still lost money on the transaction -LRB- had to pay for a box -RRB- . Wo n't buy from them again , a company that has no phone number does n't have one for a reason !
 Megellan , has indicated on many occassions that they were going to provide a update so regions could be uploade to an explorist 500 , but has not , and in order to do this , they are forcing customers to buy another product.Last time Megellan buyer .
 While I really like my Magellan Platinum GPS receiver , I find that the Mapsend Topo software is worse than having no detail map loaded at all . The maps loaded by the software are pretty consistently wrong by about 200m . In most situations , this will get you DANGEROUSLY lost.The GPS itself is generally very accurate , so if you put in waypoints from a real mapping program , like the National Geographic TOPO ! Series , you 'll get where you need to be . Using the Magellan software , unless you know how far off it is where you are , can be outright dangerous.My worst experience with this was trying to navigate jungle on Kauai , but I have found it no better , in terms of accuracy -LRB- but the fact that you can see the terrain makes it less of a problem -RRB- in Southern CA and Northern Baja.The software also has not been updated in over 2 years , and no update info is available on Magellan 's site .
 I bought the Mapsend product for the United States , despite having read all the negitive reviews . I thought to myself , `` It ca n't be that bad . These people are just perfectionists . '' When I got the software , guess what . All the bad reviews were right on target . Mapsend is a very poor product for a GPS system . Standing on my front porch , I can get an accurate fix on 8 to 10 satelites , so I would say that the position of my house was pretty accurate . Yet when I save that fix , my home is out of position by more than 1,380 feet on the low level street maps provided with the MapSend product . And when driving the streets in my neighborhood -LRB- within a 2 or 3 miles radius of my home -RRB- , the norm is that my GPS track will be completely off the road map by anywhere from 158 feet to 897 feet -LRB- as measured by the measuring tool built into MapSend -RRB- . The bought a SporTrak Pro GPS system . I like the hardware , and the internal maps provided with the equipment provide an adequate fix for cross-country driving , but that is all . I would not use this device for any kind of precision navigation . With Mapsend , you can get yourself into the general vicenity of your destination , but do n't depend on the device bringing you to the front door of where you want to be . It wo n't . You 'll be as much as a half-mile off course . If backpacking in the wild , that can make a big difference.I wrote to Magellan and got the following response
 As a matter of fact , maps are almost all inaccurate , from 100 to about 1000 feet . Also , the software itself is outdated . It looks like a Windows 95 software . Regarless how many times people positively reviewed it , Mapsend is unarguably not as good as the Magellan GPS units
 - Outdated : Street data is at least 3 years old , based on known construction dates for roads in my area -LRB- N. Dallas , TX -RRB- . Both major roads and secondary roads are missing.-Inaccurate : Streets , trails , intersections , and points of interest are usually off by 100 yards or more . This makes the software essentially useless for navigation.Search by address feature generally places bullseye 10-15 addresses away from correct spot.On the positive side
 WARNING ! Even though this topo software has accurate -LRB- though several years old -RRB- information for streets , rivers and some other things , it does n't have good info for the things you want from a topo map - elevations and section lines . It shows a creek on our farm FLOWING OVER 100 FEET UPHILL ! Ouch ! The creek info is accurate , but the topo lines are from some other location . Heck , maybe they 're fractals , I ca n't tell . It 's a lot of money for this level of quality . I 'd demand a refund if it had n't been included with the SporTrak Topo , which I like.I emailed them a week ago and have n't heard back.The PC-side software is generally pretty user-friendly , but lacks a few minor features that I 'd like to have , such as the ability to multi-select waypoints , for example .
 I bought the MapSend Topo software , along with a 32MB memory card , to use with my new Meridian Marine GPS . What I 've found so far is that the map locations shown in detail on the GPS screen are consistently off from the actual location . In the Pacific NW the error is moderate -- when I drive down a street it shows me off to one side -- consistently . In California it showed me off consistently by 1/2 block . In Hawaii it was consistently off by 1/4 mile !!!! Not very good when using the map data for hiking.I talked to Thales Navigation 's customer support and they are aware of this problem . There is nothing you can do to correct the map 's offset from reality . This seems to be related to the low quality of map that the support person stated they get for free from someone . The CD lists Woodalls -LRB- as in RV and campground guides -RRB- as a co-conspiritor , so I suspect the map data is from them ...
 The maps are so far off as to be dangerous . The BEST accuracy I saw was 200m , which will get you falling into ravines on most hikes.Magellan has no intention whatsoever of improving this product , per the following e-mail : ----- Original Message ----- From
 Like other reviewers have said , I found the GPS off by 50-500 feet . That made it much less useful to me . Now I will try a Garmin GPS-V . I will post this review in the GPS section too . When I did my research I did n't think to look at the software reviews , just the hardware ones . I liked everything about the GPS except the accuracy issue .
 There are two limitations I 've encountered in the very short time of use . Item # 1 - The implamentation of the GPS to the software is very poor . Apperently MapSend , Streets and Topo , were written for the 330 GPS unit . Magellan has chosen to use the same software for the Meridian series . As a result , it 's not a very clean solution . There are many work-arounds and bandaids just to get it to work . Most inconvenient ! Item # 2 - For the most part , hiking trails are omitted . Even the most popular trails here in the NW are not to be found in Topo . Question - Why else would one by a topo software package if not to see and locate trails?I 've only had this software for one week and to find these two problems so quickly , leads me to believe I 've yet to find additional limitations.Phil
 I 've had MapSend Topo for about a week now and I 'm not impressed with it for the following reasons
 I am pretty computer savy and I had no real trouble installing and using the program . I did find the programs buttons and workings a bit arcane , but usable nonetheless . Where I ran into extreme dissatisfaction after spending -LSB- hard earned cash -RSB- , was that the topo maps are way off . I use my gps extensively in the woods for navigating . I could watch my GPS and follow my position readings and see that that I had changed elevation by 500 feet . The maps from this topo cd would say that I only changed elevation by 10 or 20 feet . These maps are way off ... the idea is good
 I do like the Merdian GPS Units themselves , but Magellan is seroiusly behind others when it comes to software . On that note , I would have to say until Magellan can get their act together - go elsewhere ! The Mapsend Topo software , is what most other reveiws say - Inaccurate , no updates , no trails , no water topography data , etc. . . Also , if you have a Marine use - currently no software is available to show you the real stuff you want - the charts . Magellan soposedly has one coming out in 2003 Q1 , but I do n't know if I can trust it with how poor their other software applications have been . They really need to improve before they can compete and I think it is all on the software end . As I said earlier , the Maridian hardware is very nice , but they need much better software to make the package complete .
 it fixes its accuracy problems . After loading my Meridian Platinum with a map of the Hawaiian island chain , I eagerly looked forward to using my GPS on vacation . Unfortunately I found it to be consistently off by a few hundred yards . After emailing Magellan to find out what I could do they replied : `` Mr. ****** , The Topo software does have the error of sometimes will place you off your course . Unfortunately , we do not have a date on when an update will be available . '' -LRB- sic -RRB- I had to remove the memory card and rely on just the basemap as it was annoying to be constantly off course . Don ' think I will be loading up maps to climb mountains!To Magellan
 Be sure you understand that the Topo maps on this CD do not contain trails like USGS 7.5 minute topo maps before you spend the money to buy it !! Granted , some trails are on the maps , but generally only if they are the size of 4WD jeep roads . Most trails less than that did n't make it . Very frustrating for me because I wanted Topo for hiking and mountain biking . I 've since found out this problem is not just Magellan - it 's all Topo software maps out there , Garmin and others too.If , however , you only want the software to plot trails you 've already walked and recorded with the handheld , and then look at elevation change etc. , it 's probably a good product . But for navigation and planning it 's worthless for trails .
 well since most of us will use this product with XP ... considering it is also not compatible with Macintosh either . . I should warn you that after 6-7 hours of screwing around with it , I called customer support and they tried 15-20 different fixes and then came up with ... `` oh , you have Windows Xp , we have heard from Microsoft and they are aware of the problem but it wo n't be fixed until the next version comes out and they have n't started writing it yet . `` I guess it is only if you try to use it with the USB conector but I do n't have any serial ports on my laptop so it kinds of leaves me out . I did n't know anyone was using serial ports anymore , even my printer has USB ...
 I purchased the Magellan SporTrak Topo GPS with MapSend Topo software . The topo maps are almost useless . The first thing I did was load the software on my PC and went to maps of areas where I am very familiar with the terrain . One creek near my home in California is at the bottom of a canyon with at least a 200 foot drop in elevation from the road above , but appears on the `` topo '' map to be on level land . Another map in my favorite hunting area in Wyoming shows a `` road '' and 4WD trails where only horse trails exist . My house appears on the wrong side of the freeway . These maps could get someone in real trouble .
 I am a `` serious navigator '' so that 's why I bought the meridian platinum to use with the mapsend topo program . The topo maps are totally worthless ! When I was climbing this past weekend in the Adirondacks , the unit showed up over three quarters of a mile away from where I actually was ! Why did I pay -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- dollars for this software when I could do a better job of locating myself by looking on my trail map . Garbage !
 This game came with spyware that shut my computer down !!! The disk was a copy and did not work ! it cost me money to fix my computer ! do not buy this game from this company !
 I was playing all the free downloads of various Risk games I could find and finally broke down and bought this . I was disappointed - it moved very slowly compared to some of the online games I had tried . I played a few games against the computer and then used it to play thru an online server - which took forever to set up and then kept crashing during play . Glad I did n't buy it new .
 of this program . It will not work with 64-bit computers and the CD has to be physically in the computer while it 's being utilized . All type must be on the same line , so for more than a very short phrase , the `` size '' is limited . That said
 I thought I 'd be able to write a paragraph and then pick a font but it only lets you enter 40 letters and spaces and it 's not in a word document at all . This will be very specialized items and not what I was looking for .
 I purchased this product based on previous reviews and reading the back of the box . This product is not for the retail store . If your business is based on invoicing single customers for projects or jobs and parts used , then this is your product . If you have any other sort of need , then avoid this product . I was sadly dissapointed to find this out after I already purchased it . There is no way to reconsile the inventory if you do n't track each sale by each item number and by each customer . Anyway , live and learn ...
 I 've used this program for several years and I have now reached the view that it has too many shortcomings to be considered seriously . It 's search facilities are the worst of any program I have ever used , limiting searches to company or persons last name . It has major problems coping with GST in Australia especially with General Journal entries which it treats erratically -LRB- often saving them with tax reversed , and the entry unbalanced -RRB- . BASlink -LRB- an australian feature -RRB- crashes the program . The program is also very slow in version 11 . If you decide to edit information from a few months ago as each entry will take 30 seconds to open , 30 seconds to close . Scrolling logs is difficult because the window loses the entries.MYOB also has a bad record on upgrades , upgrading frequently for minor updates and charging full upgrade prices for all tax table updates . You are required to register the program -LRB- ie it is not an option -RRB- . Bug fixes are called `` feature enhancements '' and charged for .
 For the past year , I 've wasted -LSB- lots of money -RSB- and countless hours on MYOB . Even my accountant could n't figure out this overly complicated , user-unfriendly product ! Having successfully completed only 6 entries and prepared 4 invoices in all of that time , I 've since switched to Quicken . Now I achieve all the accounting activities without the angst . My only regret is that I was persuaded by some glowing accounts -LRB- by insiders ? -RRB- of MYOB to purchase it in the first place . Only then did I learn that they offer unlimited consultation -- for a hefty price . No wonder ! No way .
 This program causes my computers to blue screen . Trend Micro has been contacted twice , but have not responded .
 This is the worst mistake I ever made , buying this software . Despite great reviews on Amazon and elsewhere on the Internet , this is got to be the sorriest company to work with!I have only been able to load it onto one out of three machines . I 've contacted customer service at least three times . The web-based customer -LRB- no -RRB- service is not user friendly and requires all sorts of codes and other inexplicable information before even submitting a request for service . Despite having set up an account , the Trend system refuses to accept the user ID and password that I set up and that 's the only way to register the software and get web-based customer service . There is n't even an option on their website to identify this year 's software and the information on how to find ` pattern numbers ' and other inexplicable codes is erroneous.Calling their toll free number is hardly any better . I called two customer -LRB- no -RRB- service people and got completely different and conflicting answers . I even got two completely different ` case numbers ' , one of which is ` invalid ' . One ` customer -LRB- no -RRB- service agent even told me that they are having trouble with their system accepting user IDs and passwords and after several weeks , no one seems to have a clue how to fix the problem . Meanwhile , customers like me are out in the cold and have spent plenty for useless software.The crux of it is that nothing has changed more than a month after buying this product . The software still only works on one machine , despite having licenses for three machines!I want my money back and I will never buy a Trend product again . Boy did I make a big mistake !
 I purchased PC-Cillin because I had had it with Norton Internet Security . -LRB- I doubt if Amazon.com will allow my reviews of Norton Internet IN-Security to remain posted ? Grrr -RRB- Comments :1 -RRB- As I was impatient , I installed the free-download from the Trend-Micro site with all the updates , etc. . I wanted to evaluate this software and , if it was not acceptable , I fully intended to return it . This way , I did not have to break the product seal .2 -RRB- It scans for viruses much , much faster than NIS . A real plus . You could die of old age with NIS . EXTREMELY SLOW .3 -RRB- If you have dial-up , as I do , forget PC-Cillin . -LRB- I live out in the sticks and our phone lines are based on the original transcontinental telegraph lines . DSL is not even on the horizon -RRB- The PC-Cillin update downloads are much larger than the Norton ones . An immediate writeoff if you have multiple computers -LRB- you would n't be buying the 3-user pack if you had one computer , would you ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- If you have Epilepsy , forget PC-Cillin , too . Ie , if a blinking icon on the display sets you off as it does me , -LRB- ie if you have photo-sensitive epilepsy -RRB- . They have some sort of IDIOT icon in the upper right corner that flashes/blinks once a second . A couple of blinks and I was history . I phoned Trend . I called and explained the problem . They said send an eMail -LRB- ADA -RRB- . I went to a lot of trouble and I explained that there was no reason for this and it was causing people with epilepsy problems . NO response so I sent the -LRB- Unopened - remember what I wrote earlier -RRB- product back to Amazon.com with an explanation that it was unacceptable -RRB- 5 -RRB- NOW FOR THE REALLY BAD NEWS . Since I am honest , I did not feel that it was right to have a product on my computer that I had not paid for so I uninstalled it . Bye , bye , Internet connectivity . PC-Cillin -LRB- like other firewalls -RRB- puts all sorts of hooks into Windows -LRB- I have XP -RRB- and it did n't bother to properly remove them . Apparently it corruted the registry because I could never again connect to the Internet . Finally , after much , much work , I installed an external USB modem and was able to show that I could connect and eventually was able to UN-SCREW up everything . I may end up re-installing Windows , probably not . May be problems with hibernation hanging . Not sure , yet.A LOT of unnecessary hassle because of BAD software . Sometime I think that the inmates are running the asylum . Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 screwed up one computer -LRB- see my review on that dog . -RRB- It is unusuable on multiple computers . Norton screwed up another computer . PC-Cillin still another . I am writing this review on my expendable computer -LRB- the only one I use to connect to the Internet for surfing -RRB- . BAD SOFTWARE CAUSES PEOPLE NOTHING BUT MISERY . McAfee has that intrusive McAfee Security Center -LRB- or whatever the abomination is called -RRB- . Even if you install Quick Clean alone you get it and it just bugs you and bugs you . `` Do you want to update QuickClean TODAY ? '' As if there are daily updates . You can write off McAfee just for that reason alone . PC-Cillin is probably OK if you have DSL and do n't un-install it ??? Roy
 I bought PC-Cillin because it has 4 stars in Amazon rating , which is much better than McAfee and Norton . But I am wrong . Before installed PC-Cillin , everything is fine . But after installed , I can not access my yahoo email . After calling customer service two times , even uninstalled PC-Cillin , I still can not access yahoo email . Now I have to re-install Windows XP . It will cost me a lot of time . Anyone knows what wrong is ?
 I played this simple adventure game with my 3 year old son and it took us about an hour . There are a few easy puzzles - find a key hidden in one of hour spots on screen , put a broken pot back together with the four pieces you have , find all the acorns scattered throughout the game , etc. . There are several animated sequences with characters and voices from the Winnie-the-Pooh shows . The best part was the in-game painting activity that lets your mix your own colors and paint a variety of blank pages . Considering I paid $ 15 for this product I was disappointed . There are free ipad apps which are just as much fun and last longer .
 Piglet 's Big Game dissapoints me . I got it for one of my birthdays ... my 6th or 7th or something birthday ... well , not my 8th I know that . Well , anyways , I got it and it was a little fun at first but now it is boring , sometimes Russian Blue Witch and Chocolate Dog play it and I watch , but it is a darn poor game . I will compare it with the Humongous Entertainment Putt-Putt , Pajama Sam , Spy Fox , and Freddi Fish games because they are similar , you guide a character around and in both you save or load progress -LRB- they call it saving & loading games -RRB- . The saving & loading screens , I like HE games more because you name the games so you can write who owns the game like , if the game belongs to Max , call it `` Max 's Game '' . In this you do n't name em ' so you do n't know whose game is whose . And also , it lacks changing . In HE games it changes inleast 2 times and in this only the vedgetable Rabbit needs changes . It might be fun to you but I do n't like . Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 When I buy a software package I always backup my activation code/license number and executable , but it was pointless with iFinger . The software installs by connecting to their webserver , and then downloading the package that you purchased . Unfortunately , if they decide to upgrade the search engine , you lose the possibility to reinstall the product you previously purchased !!! I consider this a rip-off , since I ca n't reinstall 4 dictionaries , for which I paid at least 30 USD each , because their license is bound to a search engine which can not connect to the iFinger webserver . SO if you change computer , and they change version of the search engine , you lose the software ... -LRB- so I lost over 120 USD -RRB- Morever , if you have a product which is still available , but the version is too old , you ca n't upgrade . I complained to the company and I got this answer : `` iFinger is not offering a subscription model.The customer must ensure proper storage and back up of it 's own data.iFinger does not offer support for events outside iFinger 's control . Events causing loss of data is not a support issue , i.e. iFinger does not provide links or keys to purchased product data a second time . The product will work as long as you do n't change your environment . When you change your OS , we can not guarantee that iFinger will work . `` This is a rip-off -LRB- I said that already -RRB- because I simply changed computer , and I still had licenses and executables -LRB- so I did n't lose my data , otherwise I would n't even complain about such a mistake -RRB- but I could n't install the programs on my new computer!SO to sum it up
 I own 8 iFinger cdrom products . I own 2 web purchased products . I have used their products for years . Not anymore . The company selling iFinger no longer supports the cdrom products . If you buy this and own older cdrom iFinger products . They may or may not work together . If you buy a downloaded iFinger product and own cdrom iFinger products they WILL NOT work together . So , why bother ? I will be looking for another integrated solution , and iFinger has lost a loyal customer . Beware also of their web products . They control your registration , updates and based on their records of your registration , your ability to use the software you bought . I WILL NOT buy any more iFinger products .
 I bought the iFinger supported CD-Rom version from Amazon years ago , and now iFinger no longer supports the CD-Rom version . The following information is from the iFinger website at http://www.ifinger.com/support/faq/cd_rom_userQUESTION
 The CD-ROM would not load properly and had to be returned for credit -LRB- which Amazon honored promptly -RRB- .
 The number of bugs in this program is unbelievable . After using it for 6 months , I have spent hundreds of hours fixing problems due to software bugs or restarting the program after it crashes . I 'm running it on a new computer with XP , a faster processor and far more memory than the minimum that the vendor requires.The print functions do not all work . For example , one function allows you to print a cut-out of your design , which you can then cut with scissors , fold , and tape together . That would be great ... however only 3 of 4 walls will ever print . I have never therefore been able to use this function . Even more frustrating is the bug that does not actually save your work even if you have saved prior to shutdown . I have re-drawn the same features 4 times in one plan , simply because the program will not save the changes , or it will only save some of the changes.Also , the hardware key -LRB- dongle -RRB- takes up one of my USB ports and only works if I reboot my computer after inserting it . Even then , sometimes I have to remove and replace it multiple times.I wish I could recommend an alternative .
 This was not the original Corel Draw program - it was some `` OCB '' edition that does not do what the draw/photopaint program is supposed to do . Instead of being able to edit the photo , it only allows you to do `` OCB '' on it -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- . Very disappointing .
 I was disappointed with the American accent of the characters ' voices - they should have used native speakers . I am a native speaker of Latin American Spanish and prefer Kidspeak software - even though it teaches the European Spanish pronuciation .
 This looks like it could be a very beneficial product . It installed easily on Windows 2000 and some audio works - there is music playing and a rabbit that speaks , but when pointing or clicking on items in a room , the text pops up in spanish but there is no audio to pronounce the word . This is a problem unless the parent speaks spanish and intends to sit at the computer the entire time and pronounce the words for them . Tech support was prompt but not helpful . Product info does n't list Windows 2000 as an operating system for this product , but it is listed on the cd itself .
 I had to go to the web site for the makers of this and find out why the sound often did n't work . It turned out you had to turn the volume indicator higher and also the background music off in the exact way the web site said or it would n't work ... this means , we had no Spanish sound for every activity and every time my son who just learned to read English would put the cursor/mouse of a picture only a written Spanish word would show up and not the word said out loud through our computer speakers . I resent how so many children 's software are not tested enough before being sold to us . We pay our hard earned money for these and are trying to teach our kids with them , but instead I got to have a frustrated son who did n't want to learn Spanish at all . Now that I got the settings corrected -LRB- and i hope that is all that is wrong ! -RRB- I still may not be able to convince my son to bother with this game , after all the pain and frustration we went through just to get it working decently .
 It is frustrating making cards with this product . Among its deficiencies : -- Many cards have text on the front that can not be edited . Apparently , the text is in graphic form . For example , you can not change `` To a great girl ... '' to `` To a great boy ... '' . -- The program puts your mouse in super slow speed , a behavior that persists when you attempt to use other programs on the desktop . -- When you select ` Hallmark Card Studio Online ' the program hijacks an open Internet browser rather than starting a new browser session to display the online help .
 . I make ALL my cards on the computer and have done so for the past four years . I was looking for some new graphics and thought I 'd try this program.This program is great for someone who just wants to print out predifined cards and then hand write messages in them . Otherwise , the user is very limited . If you are accustomed to `` Microsoft Greetings 2000 , Hallmark Connections '' then you will be frustrated with `` Hallmark Card Studio 2004 '' limitations.Creativity Issues
 My recent experience with Hallmark Card Studio 2004 software , a Sierra Home product , turned out to be a disaster . They have lost their touch trying to make a reliable product better . The time and effort wasted trying to print from the Greeting Card Program is unacceptable . Printing is slow and tedious . As a long time customer , I am very disappointed and discouraged . Where is the quality that we expect from a good , long standing company bearing the name of HALLMARK ?
 Unfortunatly , I have been very dissapointed with the features of this software . The cards themselves are lovely but it 's hard to change the print settings and use non-hallmark cardstock . When making calendars you are also unable to reprint individual months if they get messed up ... like mine did when my printer ran out of ink . I am actaully considering returning this software via Sierra 's 90 day warranty .
 This product is ok in that it saves you money on buying cards , but I have NEVER been able to make a calendar . Every time I try to go to March , it locks up and shuts down . I was really looking forward to making calendars with pictures of my kids , but no luck . I have written numerous emails to Sierra for help and they only responded to the first email in which they instructed me to uninstall/reinstall which I have done numerous times to no avail . I am very disappointed with Sierra 's customer service . I also ca n't believe I am the only one having this error when trying to go into March to create a calendar or even just looking at March in the Event Planner . Hopefully I will find someone else who knows what to do .
 I 'm really dissappointed with this product . Unlike other Hallmark programs , it does not have all it says on the program and it locks up my system , -LRB- which is a brandnew p4 -RRB- When I can get it to work it only prints part of the card and does not center it correctly so the finished product looks terrible.I think Hallmark needs to fix the problems and offer a working upgrade .
 I could not get the software to open . Called Sierra tech support & they had me try 7-10 other options to change in my computer settings . I finally went to Sierra web site and found out this was a defective issue . Go to the web site BEFORE you purchase any of their products and visit downloads forum to see all the issues . They do not disclose gliches over the phone they want you to think it is a unique problem ! 7 hours later ...
 For $ 14.49 I got the single CD Jumpstart Phonics Read & Rhyme , which has terrible reviews and is available for $ 5 - $ 8 cheaper than this product is advertised . Am sending the CD back and trying again ... but I do n't have much hope as the `` Read & Rhyme '' was incorrectly labeled as B000083JY9 . I absolutely hate it when sellers change products and do n't update information !!
 If you own a MAC and intend to run this on it do NOT buy it ! It is not compatible with MAC operating systems , despite what the specs say .
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 I was a fool when I got my new laptop with Windows XP and my 2001 Utilities did n't load everything I wanted too so I checked out 2002 for Windows XP and did n't read the reviews . You get a few things missing from the 2002 version that was really helpful from the 2001 version . Hopefully Symantec comes with an upgrade soon . Something that was missing was Disc Check that I found very helpful and when I did the disk defrag it still said my hard drive was not fully done . Go figure .
 I dont understand why anyone would by this particular product . Dont get me wrong , I thoroughly enjoy other Symantec products . However , most of the features of Norton Utility are also available in Window XP . Just click on start programs accessories and system tools and you will find a disk defrag and disk cleanup program . I find that the Norton Utilities would then be a waste of money .
 Why Symantec include less utilities in this version of norton ? if you see the Norton Y2K you see a great pruduct with a lot of utilities very complete with a great performance and a lot of scan 's well i change all my system and buy some software , starting use WinXP and the things going great and i buy Norton Y2K +2 and i see this all the features incluiding are great but definitly are less , the Norton Y2K +2 do n't have a lot of utilities and funtions and scan 's including in the Norton Y2K , well if you can run a older version thing very well if you want tu buy the Norton Y2K +2
 I purchased Norton Utilities hoping that it would help speed up my system . After installing it , I went throught the one click system performance update . This feature is suppose to clean up your system registry and delete unnecessary files . After my system rebooting I could n't get into any programs . I assumed that I did something wrong and went on Symantec 's website -LRB- I had to use my computer at work . -RRB- Much to my surprise Symantec has virutally no technical support . All installation problems are `` typically '' listed in their search engine called KnowledgeWare . If you ca n't find resolution to your issue on KnowledgeWare you can leave a message on their bulletin board and a tech will get back to you . Before buying this product and do yourself a favor and check out their bulletin board . Their are hundreds of messages with people with systems in varing degrees of failures . The response that I received was `` We are very sorry for your problems with Norton Utilties . Please restall your programs one by one . That should solve the issue . '' Instead I reinstalling 30 + programs , I was forced to call their tech support to see if there was any other way to resolve my problem . Symantec offers phone technical support only if you pay them an additional $ 25 per incident . On the phone the technician admitted that yes this was a common problem with the Utilities program . Sometimes it deletes important registry files and recommended never using it . Luckily we were able to restore a previous registry and my system came back up.The bottom line is that this program has extremely dangerous functions that can destroy your system . The most disappointing result was Symantec failed to stand by their product . Even though they admitted the problem was caused by their program I could not receive a refund for technical support . I have sold Technology products for over 12 years and have never experienced the total lack of support from a company before . In my opinion , I would NOT purchase this product since there are many other competitors that sell similar products that will support the end user better if issues arise .
 I donloaded Norton Utilities 2002 a week ago . The product I received was Norton AntiVirus 2002 . As of today I still have n't got anywhere getting this corrected by Amazon !! Do n't waste your money on this download !! Buyer Beware !!
 I bought this program , assuming from the `` Designed for XP '' sticker on the box that it was , in fact , compatible with XP . However , the disk scanner can not access the NTFS filesystem , which allows full use of XP disk features , while XP is running - and the bootable disks do n't support NTFS as well . So , you will spend good money for this utility , only to have it run the Windows scanner instead . Plus , the rescue disks are still written in DOS and do n't work well with a non-DOS-based system like XP , and a number of the features only run on 98 or ME systems ! This is not designed for XP - it is a program designed for Win98 and problematic with XP that someone happened to slap a sticker of approval on . It gets 2 stars because some of the other tools could be useful .
 While this is still a decent product , they have removed a number of the utilities that were offered in earlier versions . When I asked Norton about this , their response was `` You can uninstall the new version and reinstall the old one , '' which is like saying , `` Oh , well , guess you wasted your money when you upgraded ! '' Norton claims to have taken away some utilities because they were n't being used . Hey , I used them , and I bet a lot of others did , too . All in all , I was very disappointed in the `` upgrade '' I bought .
 I wish someone would have told me that it would not work with Vista . It sounds like a great product , but it needs an upgrade -LRB- see -LSB- ... -RSB- before purchasing -RRB- .
 I received this as a gift from my younger sister last week . I did n't have the heart to tell her it did n't work on my new Windows XP computer and had to return it to the store she bought it from . She works part time and fifty dollars is a lot of money for her . I 'm just glad I was able to get a refund and buy her something nice instead .
 Just received Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 2004 . The install went smoothly , however , upon clicking on the icon to open up the program , nothing happens ... program does not respond.This program refuses to run on my pc , even after trying all of the compatibility settings.At this time , I can not give the program a fair rating , because I ca n't get into it.If anyone else is having the same problem of running -LRB- or not running -RRB- this program on an XP machine , please post your remarks and/or solutions.Meanwhile , I will try to find an answer .
 As an avid user of Hallmark Card Studio programs , I must say that I am highly disappointed in Card Studio Deluxe 2004 . This program refused to load on my XP machine.After spending considerable time and troubleshooting with the moderators of Hallmark Card Studio 2004 , it was discovered if you previously had a particular version of Print Artist -LRB- Print Artist 12 in my case -RRB- installed on your computer , then uninstalled it , Card Studio 2004 would not load.Even though I do not want and use the Print Artist program -LRB- taking up disk space -RRB- , I had to reinstall it in order for Card Studio to load.Up until now Hallmark Card Studio Programs have been `` 5 star '' programs.I 've also found that there is not enough ethnic content ... if it is there , it 's hard to find.Come on Hallmark ... we are a melting pot!This program should be recalled and the purchasers should be compensated either monetarily or with the upcoming 2005 version.For more issues with this program , check the Hallmark Card Studio 2004 message boards .
 I purchased this because I have other Hallmark programs , which I like very much . I am highly disappointed with this one . Every time I tried to make a card , my computer hung up . I had to use Control-Alt-Delete to get out of it . I never could get one to print . Also I tried to make a card to email - it created a . exe attachment . A lot of ISP 's and spam control programs filter out emails with . exe attachments due to potential for viruses and other harmful files.I ended up uninstalling the program . It also takes up a very large amount of hard drive space . I might try it again after increasing my RAM . I 've never had the same problems with any other programs , though , as I did with this one , and I 've used a lot of memory intensive programs .
 I just purchased the Hallmark Card Studio 2004 -LRB- ... -RRB- . Everything installed fine but when attempting to print a card , the first side printed fine , but when printing the next side I keep getting the `` this program has performed an illegal operation and will shut down '' . I have been in contact with their technical support but have not had any luck so far . I have wasted a lot of paper and ink so far in getting just part of a card printed . I am running windows 98SE . I will probably be returning this to the store -LRB- if possible -RRB- . It looked to have some nice cards on it , which is basically all I wanted it for , but for some reason will not print correctly on my computer .
 The Hallmark imprematur led me to this product , but again and again as in the past , the lousy implementation of Sierra Products software bit me in the posterior.The pictures are non-changeable , and to modify or personalize the text you need a good chunk of time.The real stinker is the printing wizard . Not only are the animated instructions incorrect -LRB- costing a lot of paper , ink and time -RRB- , the application insists on running this wizard each and every time you send a project to print!I have it confirmed from Vivendi Universal -LRB- the originator ? / publisher ? / author ? -- the tech support that responds -RRB- that
 The program works fine on Windows XP and is easy to use . It lets you print cards of many sizes . The big disappointment is in the number of cards that comes with the program . The back of the box claims `` 4500 + Cards and Sentiments , Celebrate life 's special moments with cards for all occasions '' . That 's nice . The problem with that is that I counted the total number of cards that come with the program . It only adds up to 1045 ! So where are the other 3450 + cards and sentiments ? Are you supposed to design them yourself ? I just do n't know . And certainly `` cards for all occasions '' means just that , does n't it ? Well there 's lots of birthday cards and plenty of holiday cards but not one sympathy card of any kind . I guess you just need to buy those on your own .
 Purchased this program for the event planner/address book . The problem is that when making labels from the book , you are unable to scroll through the address book list . Sierra has been made aware of this problem , but does not know when a solution will be available . If you are looking for a program strictly for the cards , this is an excellent choice .
 I have one of Hallmark 's first card softwares . There are so many things you ca n't do on this compared to my old one . There are many cards where you ca n't change the type , for ex . from `` cousin '' to `` son '' , like you can on their old one . The old software you can click on the graphics and change it to something similar . This will not let you customize the size of the cards , even though it gives the options . I could go on and on . Not worth the price .
 It prints configuration pages , every time you use it . Keeps wasting toner and ink . For the envelope printing , does n't matter which way you tell it your printer prints envelopes , it prints the type in the same place every time.I 've used previous versions in the past and loved them . This one does not work as well as the one 's in the past . Do n't waste your money .
 Very disappointed when I got this home and tried to use it . You are very limited in the personalization and you can not resize the cards from half-fold to quarter fold .
 When I ran Norton Clean Sweep 2002 it took over my computer without giving me the ablility to shut it down . When it was finished hours later , I had to reinstall my operating system just to get my computer working again . Then I discovered that Clean Sweep had deleted every program on my computer and 99 % of all of my files . It has taken me almost 2 weeks to get my computer working again . I got no help from Symantec because they charge $ 35 per technical help phone call which I refused to do considering what their software did to me . I have used Norton products before , including earlier versions of Clean Sweep , with no problems . This product , however , is dangerous and untrustworthy . I highly advise anyone considering purchasing this to at least back up all of their data first and then buy something else .
 This program is fun for about an hour
 This bloated , poorly designed program does n't really do much that the simpler Disk Cleanup utility in Windows already does . Just go to Programs/Accessories/System Tools and choose Disk Cleanup . You can then defrag your disk using the option right below Disk Cleanup on the menu , if you wish . These two options will take care of anytnig Cleansweep 2002 will -- and it already comes with your system . This is a waste of money , disk space , and time , because it 's slower . Do n't bother .
 I ordered jumpstart typing to teach my child to type . It seems it is only for practice . Immediately they have your child practice combinations of letters , and never introduce them one at a time . The children can not access the games until they demonstrate a certain level of competancy -LRB- they need to type letter combinations over and over - even I was bored and I can type . -RRB- I thought the games were supposed to help them learn . I am very disappointed in this software and do not recommend it to anyone
 The graphics are high quality , but the interface , navigation system , and strategy are horrible and non-intuitive . Also , it seems to teach more letter recognition than typing . And of course , like most Jumpstart products , it does not completely install to the hard drive , forcing you to use the CD every time , which after a few handlings by children , quickly becomes scratched .
 I installed this on my child 's PC running Windows XP Professional with a 17 '' CRT set at 1152x864 pixels . The games and other features look more suitable for an elementary school age child than Mavis Beacon . However , unlike Mavis Beacon , Jumpstart Typing 2003 is not designed to rescale its window or change the resolution of the screen . So , what appears on the screen is a tiny 640x480 VGA-sized window with tiny and difficult to read characters . I manually resized -LRB- the graphics card in the PC does n't have one of those status bar applets that let you resize quickly -RRB- the screen to 800x600 -LRB- it does not have an option to go to 640x480 -RRB- to get the on-screen letters large enough for comfortable reading . My other complaint is that like many children 's software , it asks to install Quicktime . I knew that the version I already had on the PC was the most current and elected not to install the CD-ROM supplied version . However , it does not check for a current version and warn that you may be installing an older version over your current installation . Were it not for the screen issue , I probably would have given this product a 3-star -LRB- maybe even a grudging 4-star -RRB- review . However , there is no excuse for the lack of screen size -LRB- or re-sizing -RRB- management in 2003 .
 This product was to be used on a MAC.We selected this version of Jumpstart typing because it could be used both on a MAC and PC . However , it only works on a very limited number of MAC versions . Rather than send it back and go through that hassle , we installed it on my PC and have my son come to my office and use it there.My advice -LRB- for what it is worth -RRB- is to warn people that this software will not work on many versions of MAC software.Wes Weisenberger
 I 've ordered this item twice . Both times telling me it was a MAC and PC compatible cd-rom . Unfortunately it did n't work on my Mac b/c my mac is 2011 and the cd-rom is an outdated 2009 version.Don ' t you think I should get my $ 10 back . Especially since I ordered this product twice ???
 I ordered this because it was for Mac & PC -LRB- I have a Mac -RRB- . When I received it , it was for PC only . I checked the descriptor in Amazon , and it had been changed to PC only , along with the product image , within the past few days . However , both links to the product from within Amazon , and reviews here , describe it as being promoted for both Mac and PC . It appears Galactica changed the description and image without changing it 's associated Amazon product number , and now I have a product I did n't order .
 I am off to Africa , the Taita foothills below Kilimanjaro , where I plan to spend a year or two working on a novel . Ca n't be lugging my Bartlett 's , so I opted for Oxford Quotations on CD . Install it to the hard drive , or onto a flash drive , along with Mr. Webster and the Rand McNally World Atlas and a few other choice references.Then I discover that Oxford Quotations must be online . Online ? I wo n't even have electricity . I 'll be recharging spare laptop batteries by solar panel . Transferring the reference CDs to a flash drive was intended to minimize battery consumption . If there was anything in the marketing material about the quotations being online only , I certainly did n't see it . I thought I was buying a CD of Oxford Quotations , not a CD that simply installs a program for searching for quotes online . I already have an online quote reference , and it is called Google.This CD is worthless to me .
 I have Windows XP professional and installed this software . Very easy to set up . When you want to look up a quotation , it is supposed to direct you to a web site . OK - I can handle that - except EVERY time I tried to connect to the web site -LRB- which the program does by itself -RRB- , the old `` Can not Display Page '' came up . Uninstalling and reinstalling -LRB- twice -RRB- did not help at all . I have other Oxford software products and they have all been great , so this one is a major disappointment . Amazon requires that you give at least one star to any product you review . That 's unfortunate , but then if I wrote what I really thought , Amazon would have to say `` Can not Display Page '' for my review . In any case , if you would like a free copy of this software , please check in the dumpster behind my office .
 I was bitterly disappointed with MacLinkPlus Deluxe v13 .0 . This might be adequate for the translation of an occassional file , but if you have switched from a PC to a Mac and you want to translate , for example , many MS Word files for use with AppleWorks this software is frustrating and inadequate.Despite the `` Built for Mac OS X '' logo on the package , many convenience features that are apparently available for earlier Mac OS verions do n't work under OS X. I found the translation and save process to be needlessly cumbersome . Complex formatting is poorly translated.If you have many MS Office documents to translate you may need to look for an alternative that will save you time and aggravation . Consider downloading OpenOffice for Mac or even -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- buying a copy of the vastly overpriced MS Office for Mac.Shame on Apple for not supplying decent translators with Appleworks as they apparently used to do . Shame on DataViz for not making their product user friendly for OS X and delivering better value for this overpriced , underperfoming software .
 This product does not live up to the scholarly level of quality that one expects from Oxford . The software company FINGER used to run the program does not offer a 1-800 number for technical support ... I thought this product might be compatable to Encarta Encyclopedia ... not even close ! Do not purchase this software ... purchase Encarta or Britanica ; and make sure the software is not operated by FINGER . Shame on Oxford for allowing their name and reputation to be tarnished !
 We purcahsed this to do forecasting for our company . However , I quickly found it extremley limited for doing forecasting . For small home businesses this may be ok . After doing more research and reading reviews I use DecisionPro by Vanguard Software . Whatever you decide - avoid the Excel plug-in software programs out there altogether - those are worthless .
 I was extremely disappointed with this chess software . With my newest PC I bought this year , the program is buggy when it comes to sound and music , which they do acknowledge in their manual.The product also lacks knowledge of what keeps a child 's interest . For an adult or child , the dialog and some exercises were lengthy , and uninteresting.There were a couple of fun exercises , but really not worth the price as a whole.If your a chess player , I suggest you teach your kid yourself , orfind another chess program.There 's got to be something better than this .
 I purchased two of your video games through Amazon.com for Christmas presents and recently tried using them . I am very disappointed in their performance ! `` Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster # 1 '' stops soon after the King 's son is challenged to a duel by Black Knight . The last phrase that can be heard is
 The game is called Fritz and Chesster . Fritz is the boy . Chester is a rat . That girl you see in the picture , her name is Bianca . She never actually plays . She just says things like `` Well done , brave knight ! '' and asks stupid questions . At one point poor Bianca points out that the queen is the strongest piece , and Fritz makes a comment about his mother chewing out his father . The tone and context are extremely anti-woman , in my opinion . He also counters by saying that boys are smarter.It seems like the makers of this game were really threatened by the fact that you have to call the most powerful piece `` she '' . To take the queen down a notch , they refer to a group or queens as a harem . To demonstrate how this powerful piece moves they have the queen run around picking flowers as fast as she can . A male voice says , `` Off you go , '' in a tone which one can only assume is meant to accompany a little pat on her behind .
 I agree with reviewer Mr. Dietz . I was eager for my child to learn chess and we bought this new on Amazon for $ 24.99 . Put it in and loaded it in . This game is so confusing and there are no instructions at all . No help menu either . We wasted at least 2 hours on it before I ejected it and apologized to her . There is nothing here to learn chess from .
 I bought this software for my son , based on the reviews I read on Amazon.com . The software is not working . I have notified Terzio , two times and no response . I just wasted my money on a game that does nothing !
 Just as another reviewer said , I ended up wasting my money on a game that did nothing . Several installs and calls later , still no better . It was a birthday gift for my daughter and she could n't wait to play it.The game installs properly and seems to work but got stuck after the intro movie and would n't do anything else . -LRB- Note the kids are running a 1G Celeron , on Windows 98 . I 'm considering upgrading the OS and trying again . -RRB-
 I bought this software for my 6 year old son.We both tried to navigate it without much success.The software is in the `` journey format '' which was popular in the late 80 's , early 90 ` seven though it was released in 2003 . The software does not download into your computer 's hard drive.You must have the disc in the CD drive to use the software -LRB- If your kids destroy the disc , you wo n't be able to play the game -RRB- . The `` journey format '' is so involved with different characters and situationsthat very little chess is played.Most of the time we spent was spent figuring out how to get from one level or event to the other -LRB- a player can not progress until he has mastered one level at a time -RRB- . Needless to say , my kid stopped playing it after a few sessions.Summary for `` Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster '' : Restrictive software ; Way too much animation and plot ; way too little chess.By happy accident I found `` Chess Secrets of the Grandmasters '' in an office super-store . It is very good but cost $ 19.95 . `` Chess Secrets of the Grandmasters '' is all about chessand the software actually downloads to your computer 's hard drive!It has various teaching mechanism such as move take back and move suggestionsand many levels.My kid was playing and learning within 15 minutes of installing the `` Chess Secrets of the Grandmasters '' software.He can start and play it on his own without my supervision now .
 I was so excited to get this because I 'd hoped it would provide my son with some guided practice . Instead it is mindlessly boring and the mini-games do n't really explain why or how they are related to chess . I 'm not even going to present this to my son ; I already know he 'll want to hang it up before the first game . No , I do n't think cutesy games work for chess at all . Children want to be taken seriously and learn how to play ; this software fails miserably ! I 'm going back to what we were doing before .
 My 9 year old is just learning to play chess , and absolutely loved this game . Then she bumped into some kind of error message and could n't go on . We sent the program back to amazon for an exchange , uninstalled and reinstalled the new disk , and got to playing again . Then my daughter bumped into a different error message further into the game , some kind of `` script error . '' She had only gotten through about 1/3 of the total progress available in the game , and we could n't get around this error at all . She simply could not continue further into the game.I sent the program back again explaining the error message we were getting and asked for a refund this time . I got a `` partial refund '' , and have no idea why I did n't get a full refund ... I had returned the disk in good shape , along with the book and the box it came in.I give this program 2 stars because my daughter really did like the game . Maybe it will work better on other people 's computers ... we were using Win XP on an old laptop with an external CD-ROM drive .
 You and your kid will be asleep by the time you figure out what to do next . This may be the worst instructional software I ever purchased .
 This is a poorly working program with no instructions or intuitive flow . It would not allow me to bypass its practice regimes which offered no explanations and so were useless and frustrating . It would not allow me to play chess in any mode without graduating from its pre-requisites . After an hour of frustration my five year old asked if we could just go back to the original `` board game '' . I threw the program in the garbage .
 I bought this for my son and we found out we got misled by other reviews . This software is more like a cartoon than a real chess lesson . It is very distracting.If you just want to learn some basic rules and want your kids have some fun , it is ok to buy it . But if you want your kids learn some strageties , DO N'T waste your money on this . Go for `` chessmater '' .
 I was looking for an intructional CD to help my daughter to learn chess . I read the reviews and endorsements and thought that this was what I was looking for . WRONG!First of all , the CD comes with no instruction book and you 're left to try and figure out what you 're supposed to do by yourself -LRB- good luck -RRB- . I 've spent over 2 hours on this thing so far and I still have n't seen one thing that would help my daughter to learn to play chess.I 've emailed their ` help line ' hoping to get some answers and never heard back from them.Save your money and your sanity and do n't buy this CD .
 Never got to use this game ... Amazon Product description said game was compatible with Windows 2000 , but when I received the game ; the box does not list `` 2000 '' among the compatable operating Systems . On the plus side , Amazon accepted responsibility and provided prepaid return shipping .
 My kids play chess so I bought this to improve their skills . My 6 and 8 year olds were just not interested at all . It was a wate of money .
 This is the worst chess learning material that I have purchased . The first 15 minutes is spent walking through a woods to get to a chess tournament . There is no way to skip this walk . The instruction is really poor .
 The scope of teasing the brain with chalenging games is not so difficult to make entertaining . Towards this end I believe they faiiled . It is not up-to-date , not challenging and very poor graphics
 I just received this and have n't actually played the games yet so this is a preliminary review . It opens with a screen of 6 -LRB- yes , only 6 -RRB- games to choose from . When you click on one it loads into a game such as tetris , spot the difference in pictures , etc. . Within each game there is NO options menu . They all have extremely annoying music which you can not turn off !! I rarely , if ever , want the music turned on for any game I play so that option is very important . I like to hear the sound effects so turning down the speakers is n't the best way to go.The games look like they might be challenging but the interface is lame . Not being able to turn off the music may deter me from playing at all , we 'll see . I will expand on this review later . Date
 The copy VPC 7.0 that I received was flawed . Upon installation it refused to work because of a file it could not find or install . This file was required for VPC to have internet access . VPC 7.0 without internet access is useless and was therefore deleted . I complained to Amazon and to Apple for refund , but no refund is coming.I would not recommend this software to anyone.I would go with Parallel or other virtual software .
 Good news , it works kinda . bad news Sucks up huge amount of memory , is too slow and does n't work with DVDs and it crashes -LRB- like most PCs -RRB- . Granted my Apple may be short of speed but if you need a PC to run programs you ca n't run with Apple , try something Apple will support like boot camp or maybe just use a PC
 I do n't know what these people are doing who are able to get this absolute piece of junk to work !! I have never seen such a waste of money . Two hours of fiddling with this amaturish program and I STILL can not get it to install a program . Jeez !! How in the world can a company continue to sell a product that barely works for half of the people who buy it ?!?!?! I thought , oh , I have a brand new powerbook , I am computer literate , I can make it work even if these other fools can not . What a mistake ... I should have known when the easy install booklet was 63 pages long that there would be a problem . I am going to uninstall it , reinstall it , see if I can get it to work . But , you know , that is exactley the thing that I have time to do - mess around with an incompetant program that keeps crashing.At $ 200 for Virtual PC plus an OS , maybe we should all just buy a $ 500 computer if we really need this stuff to work .
 It was my mistake to purchase Vitural PC for Mac 7.0 . It will work but it is so slow . If only one would step into the world of Apple they would never go back .
 It does what it says , but it is so so slow even using windows 98 and I have a newer iMac G5 1.8 GHz with 768MB of Ram .
 The item was returned due to non-compatabilityt with my Mac ! The sales description shou ;d have clearly stated the products limits .
 Just got this and unhappily discovered that it requires you to ALREADY own Microsoft Windows!Well , if I already owned that , I 'd have a machine to run it on . And I 'd be living in the PC world rather than the Mac universe ! And if I owned Windows already , I 'd hardly want to buy a second copy to run on my Mac which would be , I assume , legally required.So , it 's now an inert piece of code taking up valuable hard drive space on our iBook.Even the product packaging is mis-leading . It is titled STANDALONE and says `` Run Microsoft Windows-based applications on your Mac '' reinforcing the idea that this is all it takes . UNTRUE!Note something else ... this has to be the worst overkill packaging of any software product I 've ever purchased . It comes in a large odd-shaped plastic container -- over 9 inches tall and 2 '' deep . One then pops the top of that to reveal one of those awful hard plastic forms inside . YES , ANOTHER land-fill clogging plastic mess . It 's about 4x the size of the normal CD jacket that 's inside that . I 'll bet that Microsoft thought they were being cool or Apple-like in this packaging , but it shows that they just do n't get it -- they lack a basic aesthetic . This is a waste and an ecological nightmare to boot . When will the industry and Microsoft routinely package everything in recyclable , gentle on the environment materials?We should adopt European-style laws that require companies to take back all such packaging ... that would rapidly change their behavior .
 Virtual PC is a big waste of money . For not much more money you can buy an inexpensive PC to run your windows based programs . Virtual PC is slow and is filled with glitches and problems but do n't try to get any customer support because it is $ 35 to get help .
 The product does not include the Windows operating system needed to make the program work , and this was not made clear in the advertisement . There is no benefit to buying this ; I now need to track down Windows operating system for the Mac .
 I purchased MS Virtual PC 7.0 w/Windows XP about six months ago for use on my 1.33 Ghz G4 iBook.Setup was relatively easy and took about an hour and a half to complete . Unfortunately , it was all down hill from there.My main reason for buying Virtual PC was to run MS Money 2005 Deluxe on my Mac -LRB- Quicken for Mac is terrible , but that 's another story -RRB- . It took about 5 minutes to open my Money file . This was followed by an endless series of painfully long wait times between key strokes . Eventually it locked up completely . After about six more attempts I gave up.I tried playing several games like Rise of Nations and Age of Empires but they were just as tedious and often locked up during the initial loading . I strongly recommend against attempting to play and games on Virtual PC!One main problem with this program is that Virtual PC does not allow your computer to use its onboard video card . Instead it attempts to emulate an old 16MB S3 Trio video card with software only.Additionally , the maximum amount of System RAM Virtual PC will allow you to allocate is limited to 512 MB despite the fact that I have 1.25 GB of RAM available.Hopefully the next version removes the RAM limit and allows your system to use its video card instead of the painfully slow emulator . This program promises so much , but disappoints at nearly every junction . It 's just far too tedious for everyday use in it 's current form .
 I made the switch to a Mac G-5 OS X about 13 months ago . I added the Virtual P.C. 7.0 on my Mac , because I had some Microsoft only programs that I could not afford to replace in the Mac equivalent or did n't have time for the learning curve.I am on a 80G hard drive with 512 mb of ram ... so it 's a pretty powerful machine.The Virutal P.C. 7.0 is `` o.k. '' It does what I need to do and that 's about it . The software runs about as good as it does on a p.c. -LRB- and that 's not saying much -RRB- . It 's slow , printing is horrendous -LRB- do n't even bother printing from the Virtual P.C. -RRB- and crashes just like on a p.c.I think Microsoft would have done better to create Mac versions of their software -LRB- like they did with Office -RRB- -LRB- i.e. Frontpage and others -RRB- rather than try to pacify Mac users with Virtual P.C.I give it about a 5 out of 10 . It 's o.k. , does what you need it to do if there are no other options , but other than that , I 'm saving my money for Mac software . . -LRB- i.e. Dreamweaver -RRB-
 Anyone who says Virtual PC for mac is a good bit of software MUST be a plant . My experience has been a total time-wasting excercise . My problems are the same as many others I 've read . First , the packaging is misleading . I picked -LRB- correction ... was handed ! -RRB- the `` stand-alone '' version , only to find it required a separate copy of windows . Returned it . Got the bundled version . Installed it . Kept getting a `` reboot '' error message everytime I tried to start it up . Re-installed it . Got a creative-brand webcam and installed it -LRB- this was the reason for my purchase , so I could access an online language course site with PC only software -RRB- . Turns out , the camera -LRB- which is supposed to run on both PC and MAC will NOT run on virtual PC -RRB- . I was in disbelief . There 's a website that lists supported hardware for Virtual PC . The number of unsupported cameras , printers , etc. is nothing short of astounding . Does anything run on this program ? Now I 'm out $ 200 and stuck with software that ca n't be returned cause the package is opened . BEWARE ! BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK !
 Well and good if this software works for you . I recently downloaded the 06 version online and it did not . I decided to go with another software package that worked wonders . Although I had Viruscan Pro 06 on my system for less that 40 hours , & although the company proclaims a 100 % guarantee , they have refused to refund my purchase price saying of all things I need to continue to work with them to TRY and make it work ! Looks like an unfinished prototype rushed to market . There are other programs out there that need no user intervention . You want that , believe me . Why spend half your time on a system Troubleshooting when you could be using your system for whatever you bought it for !
 I bought this a while ago after having some problems with my Mac and having to bring it in to the shop . I saw on their work order that all they did was run diagnostic software , and I had read good reviews of Drive Genius elsewhere so thought I would give it a try.Big mistake ! Although I have been a computer user for many years , and would say that my experience level is intermediate -LRB- I can keep my computer running pretty well in most instances , have used Terminal , have installed hardware parts and done other troubleshooting successfully -RRB- , this software is almost impossible for me to use because the documentation is so poorly written.It comes with a digital user 's manual , but I honestly do not understand anything the writers are talking about . I believe you 're supposed to re-start your computer and boot from the disk that they supply , but that 's never actually made clear for someone with little experience to this kind of thing . And it does n't explain what all the functions of the software are . They really assume that you already know what you 're doing . I have tried running some of the tests , but I 'm honestly not sure what some of them mean . I 've been having a problem with a hard drive and ran a test on it yesterday , and it gave me some kind of obscure message and said `` done '' but it did n't fix the problem , and I was left not knowing what to do next.I was at their website a couple of weeks ago and they had an update listed , but it was written in such a manner that I did not understand a thing they were saying . It was not clear to me whether I needed to get a new `` boot disk '' after the update or not . This company needs a tech writer who understands that not everyone understands all this computer jargon!In short , if you are an experienced computer user with lots of diagnostic and troubleshooting skills already , this product may be okay for you . But if you are an average computer user like me , who occasionally encounters a problem with their drive and would like easy-to-understand software to check and diagnose the hard drive , this software is * not * for you . I prefer to use Apple 's own diagnostic utilities or the Tech Tool deluxe CD that you can download if you have a service agreement with them .
 I downloaded this program and bought it because no features work unless you buy this crap ... Big mistake . All it did was screw up my system disc 's and every feature failed when ran ... useless garbage and for 99 dollars !!?!?!? Disc utility does the same exact things but actually fixes your disc errors not just tells you you have them and fails at every attempt to fix them.Avoid like the plague ... I always keep my computers running top shape using a varity of programs and apps so I thought I would try this ... do n't make the same mistake . I had to erase a HD with no errors on it after scanning with this crap product , luckly disc utility fixed it and I had it backed up on another drive . .
 I type this having lost 8 hours of my valuable time today saving a friend 's computer system . He installed Norton GoBack as part of the Systemworks suite a day ago . The system started to fail to boot last night . This morning we decided it was a dead hard drive , which was no big since he 'd done a full backup to his secondary hard drive before installing GoBack . So , new hard drive , fresh install of Windows , not the end of the world . What we did n't know was that GoBack changes the partition tables - even on a secondary hard drive . Result
 Because of this horrible piece of software I had to wipe my hard drive . System hanged.No way to remove the software or get back to windows xp . Lost everything .
 I installed this software after reinstalling XP . I had a perfect setup , with all the software I would like to have if I needed to reinstall . I load this crap , and rewrites my drive letters , and completely freaks out my system!I have to reinstall everything because it will only show `` Load Error press any key to reboot ... '' , and it wo n't go away . When I reinstall XP , I see that it changed my bootable drive to drive letter `` I '' , and XP will not boot from `` I '' . STAY AWAY ... This is dangerous stuff , and norton should stick with anti-virus . STAY FAR , FAR , FAR AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have used this before with no problem but it caused write errors when I installed it . I took uninstalled it.I have seen others with the same problem . I would not recommend it .
 Several years ago I had a problem with a Norton product . After a lot of time and effort I finally got the product removed . At that time I decided that a company that would make it so hard to uninstall a product must have no regard for their customers . I have since refused to install any SYMANTEC products and at all my customers I remove any SYMANTEC products . After reading these reviews on GOBACK , SYMANTEC is even worst than I could have ever dreamed . No one should ever trust any thing SYMANTEC ever says about their products . This review is not about GOBACK but feel so strong about SYMANTEC that I wanted to help row their boat into the rocks . Sorry that I had to give it one star as it should be minus many stars .
 I recently loaded GoBack 4 on my 2.8 GHz P4 with 1 gig of ram and SATA hard drive . It 's a really fast XP Pro SP1 machine that I keep free of spyware , malware , viruses , unnecessary services ; in short , degunked . GoBack dramatically slowed down my machine when running Adaware and Spybot SD . Also , after NAV 2002 scanned , the hard drive was in use for about an hour afterwards with , once again , a dramatic decline in performance . When used with other applications there was a noticable slow down . When two applications were running simultaneously performance degradations were worse . In addition , as noted by others , Symantec 's support ranks with the worst.I suspect it does a great job with recovery . I disabled it before I used that function . I get viruses extremely infrequently . If my antivirus software does n't repair the problem , I format the hard drive and reload . I back up my important data to Zip discs or an external hard drive frequently and religiously.If you are looking for a backup solution and do n't mind a significant performance penalty , this program is one possibility . It 's unfortunate that mainstream PC mags continue to highly recommend Symantec products without mentioning the consistent , serious problems noted by a high percentage of users . I have and will continue to vigorously avoid all Symantec products
 I have wasted more time and money trying to fix the boot problem created by this software in the past week than would have been imaginable . At this point I have resigned to paying someone to attempt recovering the data on my drive -LRB- if possible -RRB- and purchasing a new computer . Check the Amazon.com reviews , Google it ... this is the consensus and I could n't agree more :1 . A Class Action Lawsuit is warranted ; 2 . Everyone I have consulted and contacted , including Symantec , has requested money for some part of a theoretical ` Solution ' to this matter ... there does not appear to be one ; 3 . I have fruitlessly paid for some of these parts , and no sum of parts will render a solution -LRB- check the reviews and rants all over the web , Google it -RRB- ; 3 . Symantec online support and phone support is a classic case of spinning your wheels ... they are not helpful , tend be rude and are uninterested in the matter . Both online and on the phone , the tech assistance wanted nothing more than to get the session over with -LRB- perhaps they are already well aware that a solution does not exist and do not want their time wasted -RRB- ; 4 . Symantec products are not what they use to be and have declined substantially in reliability ; 5 . Symantec has no regard for its customers ; and6 . DO NOT INSTALL THIS PRODUCT FOR ANY REASON ; SYMANTEC WILL OFFER IT BUNDLED WITH ANOTHER PRODUCT - DECLINE THIS SOFTWARE AND AVOID ALL SYMANTEC PRODUCTS WHEN POSSIBLE -LRB- LOOK FOR AN ALTERNATIVE FIRST -RRB- . ps - the positive reviews you see , that is corporate propaganda ... any fool can see that
 The only reason i assigned 1 star to this product is because you ca n't give less than this.I 've now spent the better part of 8 hours trying to uninstall this software from my machine . Right now i 'm trapped where GoBack has hijacked my machine and prevents me from even booting the system.I 've a PhD in computing , and 20 + years of development experience , and i 'm seriously considering buying a new computer right now so i can get some critical work accomplished rather than to try to fix this Symantic screw up . This is crazy.I spent more than two hours on online chat with Symantec 's india service center ; they were useless . They knew about the problem -LRB- my computer continually cycles between a GoBack error diagnostic screen # 155 and a status screen that dumps back into the error diagnostic screen -RRB- , but they had no meaningful strategies for helping me to resolve the problem.The Symantec web site offers poor solution suggestions . Their solution requires a boot disk , but with only a CD drive on my computer to boot from , they offer no suggestions on how to construct a bootable CD with the tools necessary to correct the problem.I have an option of calling their support line -LRB- @ $ 30 per incidence -RRB- TO FIND OUT HOW TO UNINSTALL THEIR SOFTWARE . This is more than i paid for it -LRB- which gives me an idea of how they 're making money on this product -RRB- . Although they used to produce good products , Symantec has severely failed as a software company . They have cost me hundreds of dollars in lost productivity . I would be pleased to join a class action suit to make thems accountable for the malware they sell as `` tools to help your computer run better '' .
 Norton blithely touts this program as the end all and be all of saving your a ** if something goes wrong goes wrong goes wrong ... . It 's even patented - whoopee . If something happens they say you can go back to a known good configuration . The problem with this is when it works its fine and when it does n't it destroys your hard disk 's readability . Ever hear of the Norton go back Blue screen of death - look it up on the web to make you never want to touch this with a 20 foot USB cable . I am halfway through a $ 1500 data recovery because these idiots release software that almost works . They even have the temerity to ask us to help them debug it . How about they pay me for 2 weeks down time and lost data .
 This product is absolute rubbish - made my brand new PC impossible to boot . Even screwed up the PC manufacturer 's fail-safe system recovery partition ! Had to spend 7 hours recovering the hard drive and re-installing everything , ironically just the scenario that GoBack is supposed to prevent . Symantec support were not contactable ! How can a company with Symantec 's reputation allow this product out without a serious health warning ?? Install GoBack at your peril !!! This is the last time I trust Symantec .
 I started getting intermittent bluescreens after I installed this as part of the Norton SystemWorks 2006 . Yesterday , my computer went into a bluescreen death spiral and would not boot up , even in safe mode , without bluescreening out . Today , I took it to the computer doctor , who removed GoBack and my computer is once again behaving perfectly . Do NOT use this product .
 I recently purchased a new computer for my mom and asked my tech to install Go Back because my brother has been using it for years and loves it . I did n't know it is now a Symantec product or I would have thought twice.Well , do not install Go Back if you only have a SATA board as it require IDE . Some of the new computers have SATA only and Go Back caused the computer to crash -LRB- blue screen -RRB- . You 'd think you might be a message about incompatibility before a crash but NO . That 's Symantec for you . It took him several hours to figure out what had happened . You actually have to make changes in your BIOS to use it with a SATA.So , no GO BACK for me . And for all your Symantec haters out there I 'm with you , although I do have simple Norton Antivirus installed on my computer with none of the tentacles of Norton 's other anti virus programs . Keep it simple , keep it safe.Glad some of you have made it through the shark infested waters with the product .
 After installing Norton GoBack my system could not boot any longer and could not `` Go Back '' not even the restore functionality of XP solved the problem . In conclusion had to fix the problem using the XP installation CD . - I had a fresh XP system installed -LRB- OEM from DELL -RRB- - No previous Norton software installed - Everything working fine until , I made the mistake ofinstalling this Norton GoBack . - Had to do lot of post XP installation work , fixingseveral applications that did not longer work.Technical support ? they sent me such a huge list of changes including many uninstall/install and restarts i.e. uninstall/install/uninstall / install/uninstall/install and then if you get whatever issue in the middle just start all over again.Sorry I do not like this Norton game of uninstall/install ... have more interesting things to do .
 I am writing this to warn anyone who might be considering buying this software for their pc . I have spent the last 3 days trying to find a solution and repair my dell desktop due to Nortons Goback software getting corrupted and stuck in a loop that would only prompt me to choose a restore point at startup . None of the restore points would work and every one took me right back to the same prompt . I found myself stuck in an endless and pointless loop . I have defended Norton products in the past and I own most all of Nortons products . Now I am done with Norton . I hope I save a few people from wasting their money on this troublesome junk .
 This software will become a nightmare for you one day when your computer wo n't boot check that problem online
 Worst program I 've ever used . Caused me to have to reinstall windows.You will be very sorry if you use this program !
 Goback locked up the system shortly after windows started . I could not do anything but power cycle the system . After that , Window would never boot . Even after reinstall the Windows , all the drives were no longer recognized . A lot of critical information was lost . Heed the advice
 I recently purchased Norton Internet Security 2006 that came with a complimentary copy of Norton GoBack 4.0 . After installing NIS 2006 with some problems I finally got it working and was pretty happy with it.Unfortunately , I then decided to install GoBack 4.0 . I was prompted to restart windows , and then my computer was gone . Just a black screen from that point.I spent three hours on the phone with Symantec and then decided HP could better help me . Luckily , my computer was under warrantee and will be sent in for re-formatting . Unfortunately , to recover my data I had to take it in and have no guarantees of getting anything back.I would definitely avoid this product . A couple hundred dollars in data recovery , and I still ahve not found out whether I will be getting any data back . Add to that a 3 days for the recovery process and another 5 or so for re-formatting ; loading this program can become a pretty expensive proposition . Hope this helps .
 After installing Go Back , I rebooted to complete the installation , as instructed . My computer would not reboot . Long story short
 After I installed GoBack 4 on my new computer , the hard disk spent all its time churning away non-stop . I managed to `` disable '' GoBack . It took three hours to remove its `` history '' . But now my hard disk is back to normal . It sits quietly , doing nothing unless I 'm accessing it . Is it possible GoBack was keeping the hard disk in action , searching for changes , and saving constantly ?
 It would have been nice if it was made clear that GoBack does n't work on dual processor PC 's . Especially before it corrupted my hard drive . The fine print in the support section mentions it ; this should be openly stated up front .
 I 'm rating GoBack two stars because I 've used it for years , and it saved my bacon many 's the time . However , it seems that Roxio sold its best product to Norton , and to judge by the reviews on Amazon , the result was a disaster . I 'm ready to believe them because Norton SystemWorks destroyed my computer a few years ago
 I installed Norton Go Back on my older pc years ago -LRB- never used it -RRB- , it crashed and had a message , `` Go Back Internal Error Failure Code 9b_UI_Support -LRB- 1147 -RRB- '' , which would n't let me get into the pc , so I took it to the computer doctor . When I received it back , I was able to get into the computer , but still had problems with the hard drive -LRB- kept rebooting as soon as windows appeared -RRB- . I decided to buy a new pc and to stay away from the Norton GoBack . I would n't recommended this product to anyone .
 Let me join the chorus of folks who have been burned by this dangerous product . The fact that Norton would even have anything to do with it does not reflect well on the company . My hard drive basically locked me out of Windows one fine day and many months later I 'm still trying to get my data back -LRB- and it 's likely I may never -RRB- . If you look at the drive under PartitionMagic , what you find is that the entire partition is now called ` GoBack ' -LRB- no drive letter or anything -RRB- and , literally , when you boot from that disk about the only thing you get is the Go Back intro but it leads to nowhere and the drive is inaccessable other than to repartition or reformat and that means the loss of all data.As a result of this and other bugs in Norton products , this long time Norton user is finished with the kind of sloppy software that can cause this kind of damage . As you 've read , this is not an isolated instance and if you travel around the newsgroups you will see plenty more instances of crash and burns resulting from this terrible product.Norton , be ashamed , very ashamed ... oh yeah , and goodbye to your trashy software .
 Installed on a Pentium D 3.0 Ghz with 320 hard drive . Everything had been peachy keen since I got the box a month ago . I installed the Norton suite amd turn on Go Back and mysteriously my hard drive dissapeared when I tried to start up the next time . Poof . Gone . I had to reformat and reinstall windows xp Media edition . At the time I did n't attribute it to this virus packaged as a helpful program . So I reinstall everything , for the past week , preformance has been degrading . Slower and slower . I am currently laughing bitterly at the box it is on because on boot at 4:20 pm eastern , Norton went all crazy and decided to GoBack ! It is now 6:50 pm . I took a nap . The damn things is at 76 % and has been there since I woke up . I am questioning if I should just turn the box off now . Possibly the worst software I have ever intentionally installed .
 This product destroyed over 40 + G on my third internal drive when I loaded it . There was no reason for it to even access that drive , but it retooled it and left my other 2 drives alone . It cost me $ 500 to try to repair the drive and eventually I replaced it . I have that drive sitting in a box , waiting until I have $ 2000 to have it `` slow read '' to see if I can get the data back . This product is a nightmare and I intend on making Symantec pay for the money out of my pocket . No amount could ever pay for the data that I lost , which was all family photos and videos . This program is a disaster .
 GoBack worked great for me -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- on my Dell XPS laptop for 3 years.I removed the stock 60 gig drive , put in a 230 gig drive partitioned into 30 and 200 gigs . After installing goback , I got the `` not bootable '' error . This makes it a 0 star.Overall review
 I just re-installed my system works , and this time I decided to use the whole program including go-back . Now I am stuck in this twilite zone loop ! I can not see my main drive , all I see is the go back window and do you want to reboot.BUYER BEWARE !! Do NOT BUY THIS ! IF YOU VALUE WHAT IS ON YOUR HARDDRIVE , STAY AWAY!Please !
 Believe the bad press about this software - it is evil . It killed my disc which now wo n't boot or slave . I 'm looking at a rather large bill to recover my data and have little hope of even a refund from Norton.Until now I had good luck with Norton software but apparently GoBack eats drives with partitions . This must be a fairly well known problem yet they do nothing to warn anyone . I got this junk as an upgrade to System Works . In any case , Norton will never see another dime from me . DO NOT LOAD THIS SOFTWARE !
 GoBack was included when I bought Norton Internet Security . I am security aware and have never had to repair seriouss problems caused by virus etc. . This GoBack took several hours of starting and stopping , defrag sessions , and still ended with a message that it was unable to complete whatever it needed to do . It gave no direction from that point , but I feel lucky that it did n't screw up my hard drive . Avoid it .
 Garbage product . Got a bunk CD that my computer could not run . Checked and double-checked with all these other CD 's and DVD 's and they worked perfectly . I was basically screwed .
 Although it said it was compatible with my computer when the disk is put is it states that it is not .
 Can not review this product since it will not open on either the Mac or Windows 7 . Software version too old .
 If you have a computer that is newer than 2006 , do not buy this product . The software is very old and is a pain in the rear ! We bought it for my son for Christmas not realizing what we were getting ourselves into . We threw it in the trash .
 This product is not compatible with Windows 7 . The listing said it was compatible with Windows and did n't mention this major limitation .
 2 of the 4 products I purchased would not even load onto the computer . very unhappy and will not buy from this company again !!
 My daughter played this game for a little while and did n't play it much afterward . . This is an older learning game .
 My almost 5 year old blasted through this program in two days . It 's was n't very engaging or difficult . I 've since bought The Reading Lesson workbook and we 're getting amazing results .
 I bought this game which states it works with Apple OSX when fact that it only works in ` classic ' -LRB- OS 9 -RRB- on the Mac OS . I had to install OS9 on a secondary hard drive to get this to work and it only works marginally at best . It 's slow and often produces an `` Out of Memory '' Error even though I 've got about 288MB of RAM on my system . I have no idea why do n't make a true OSX version , since it 's been out for 7 years now ! My son does seem to like the games on here , but most Apple equipment ca n't even run OS9 now so it 's almost worthless . Not recommended for OSX users .
 The software requirements do not indicate that the software will not actually work with operating systems that we all use today . I tried to install this on my Mac OS X and on Windows 7 . Neither one worked , the publisher 's websites have no commentary , fixes or support for this issue . Not sure why anyone would actually sell this product but unless you are using a 5 year old computer do n't bother .
 Tried several different computers and it loads about 15 % and stops . There is just no tech support . They recommend searching the web for answers !
 This is old software and will not work with my windows 7 PC.I would like another new version of the software or a refund .
 I installed Turbotax Federal without a hitch . But the State program seems to assume I have already installed one State version when I have n't and keeps asking for a license key . When I click on the State section in Turbotax Federal it confirms that no State program is installed . This product has no value to me as I can not install it . Intuit should do a better job of taking care of its customers .
 As it presently stands , this product will not install on a Mac , and the company is saying that an installable disc wo n't be available until `` late January or February . '' How , one might reasonably ask , can a company ship a product that wo n't install ? And why do they not make this blunder public -LRB- on their web site , for instance -RRB- and pull the product from the shelves ?
 As other reviews have stated , this product simply fails to install . It assumes you are attempting to purchase a second state product . This is absolutely absurd . I purchased software that wo n't even install . Do n't buy this . Just buy the Turbo Tax Deluxe and download the state software through it . The rebate is the same and maybe that method will work . If you did buy this , make sure your voice is heard by Intuit . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It should not be adverstized on this site as a multistate product . It does not say this term on the box , or by turbotax although the product as `` described by manufacturer '' on this site as such is misleading also . You get nothing more than what you would get for a download for one state and have to pay for any additional state 's forms .
 Unlike the Mac Version , the Windows version will install ... but the installation is nothing more than a promise to download the real program once its available . Moreover , the availibility date keeps slipping for California . First , it was supposed to be available Dec. 20 , then Dec. 24 , now it says `` on or after Dec. 28 . '' Since one of the major purposes of buying the software is to plan my taxes before year end , having it slip to December 28 is naturally a problem . What 's more , I am not exactly full of confidence that it will even be available then.Ironically , the Intuit website says `` do n't worry , the date on your CD will be the date that the software is available . '' Um , guys ? Then why do you keep changing the date on the CD?Yeesh .
 TurboTax is buggy and the support is terrible ! You can not update your state information after the initial review without manually editing the tax forms . If the field involves computations , you must do these manually after changing it . If you try to re-run the interview , it just brings you to the `` finish '' screen . I talked to four different people from TurboTax support about this . They say it 's a known bug and they have no plans to fix it . If I wanted to manually edit to forms , I would n't have purchased this software ! If you make changes to the federal , TurboTax state is n't necessarily updated . I received the following ridiculous suggestions from support
 Do n't believe the rating of one . A minus 5 would have been more appropriate . After six years of being a faithful Turbotax user , the changes they have made in 2004 are convincing me never to use their product again - even if I could . After purchasing the downloadable version it failed to unzip . Three hours on the phone with representatives in India did not solve the problem . Finally I got them to send me a CD , which seemed to install but hung up on the question `` Select a tax return type '' that offered zero choices and no pull-down . I ca n't believe they would release a product that seems designed to frustrate their customers !!!
 There was no warning that this game would not play on Windows 7 . So , we have a game we can not use .
 I bought this for my four year grandson and wanted to play and learn it before I give it to him . I do n't think it will hold his interest . It is too difficult to find the tresures and complete the game He likes Sponge Bob so maybe he will just enjoy playing on the computer with this game
 I could be wrong , but I do not see the version number listed on this product . I ordered this software last week . What was shipped to me was version 1.1 . When I installed it , I found that there was a new version -LRB- 2.0 -RRB- that would cost me $ 10 more to upgrade . I wrote to the company -LRB- Boinx -RRB- , but to no avail.I have not used this product yet , so I can not comment about its functioning .
 I could n't get any use out of this software . The manual was brief , -LRB- excessively concise -RRB- , it was n't clearly written . More of the manual was taken up by foreign languages than anything else , a wasted opportunity to tell me something useful . The manual told me that it would wipe out any pre-existing files on my destination backup disk . I could find no way to backup my C :\ hard drive to my second serial hard drive , which has other stuff on it that I did n't want to be wiped out . The program asked me if I wanted to install drivers for my CD-RW drive , and when I clicked `` Yes '' I was told that it only covered Windows 95 and 2000 , saying nothing about Windows ' 98 . An empty box would be a better purchase !!
 Not compatible with Mac 9.1 with INTERNAL CD-RW DRIVE . Macintosh blames Dantz , and Dantz blames Macintosh .
 Contrary to it 's box claims , this software is not Windows ME compatible.It killed a perfectly healthy installation of WinME on it 's first run . It seems to have altered Windows system files and Windows is unhappy with it and crashes * hard * . Their technical support is for `` registered users '' only , which is n't helpful to those of us struggling to get it to work in the first place.Do * not * buy this software .
 I eagerly awaited the delivery of this software so that I could begin creating a new landscape for my home , only problem is once I received it and started using it became quite evident that this program does work as advertised . Three times after spending hours creating my house and starting a landscape plan the program crashed and did not save my work even though I had frequently hit the `` saved '' icon . Needless to say this program is being reboxed and sent back . Save yourself a headache and buy a different landscape software program . Cheap ai n't , you get what you pay for !
 PLEASE ... save yourself the headache ! Read version7 reviews and decide for yourself if you really have the time to deal with such a program or company.I 've sent Individual all the links about their customers ' experience . I do n't think it will do any good but I think they should know the percentage of people writing negative reviews on their products.My next site to `` update '' will be Cnet and Consumer Reports -LRB- if they have a section for something like this -RRB- . Avoid this program at all costs . I will update you all if they EVER reply to my e-mail . However , I will not hold my breath .
 I have dial-up internet service . This product is constantly wanting me to connect to the Microsoft web site for `` updates '' . It started the day after I finished installing the product ... which took about 7 hours total over 3 days.I stopped updating after the 2nd day because it was taking so long . Now , about 2 weeks later , it says I need to download 85megs of `` updates '' . It was nice enough to estimate that would be just over 9 hours at my connection speed . My current ISP is pretty good , but will not let me stay on for 9 continuous hours .
 As soon as I rebooted after installing this software my computer starting acting up . It would freeze and have to be unplugged to be rebooted . After 3 days of hoping things would work out , I uninstalled the software and my computer has been fine since . I suppose like most of the Microsoft products it will take a while to work out all of the bugs .
 I bought OneCare for $ 19.95 and thought it was a good deal comparing $ 45 for McAfee . After installing , my PC constantly freezes . The only way to fix it then is to hold down the power button untill the the PC shuts down . It only happens when you are browsing the internet , but it happens everytime , whether I use Internet Explorer or Firefox . Uninstalled and reinstalled , a number of times . Tried the help forums , tech support . The answer was that McAfee probably left something on the PC that conflicts with Windows OneCare . But nobody seems to know how to fix it . Finally I went back to McAfee and have never had any problems since . I am running Windows XP Home , P4 with 1.256 GB of Ram .
 After spending 12 hours , thats right 12 hours , tech support could not figure out how to load the software . My operating system is xp but microsoft cant seem to get their antivirus system to work with their operating system . They wasted my time and I 'm out 20 bucks to boot . Avoid the product - it does not work at all . Literally . Mine is now a coaster .
 I purchased this program from a local office supply chain store with the idea that since it was provided by Microsoft that it might be more compatible with the Windows than the product that I am currently using . I did not get far enough into the set-up to find out.After beginning the installation process I was encouraged to read the license agreement , which I did . I found that the agreement granted Microsoft the right to search my computer at will and compile information contained therein for use at there discretion , subject to there own privacy policy -LRB- which , by the way , can change at any time -RRB- . Also , they required that I sign up for something called `` Passport '' before I could proceed with the set-up . A registration window requiring a `` Hotmail '' email account followed this . As I moved deeper and deeper into the set-up process , the level of discomfort increased . At this point I decided not to go any farther . This seems to be granting far too much authority to a software manufacturer in regard to private matters.I then tried the web site to determine if there was any way to return the product and get a refund . I could not `` chat '' with a rep because I do not have a user password . I could not find an `` 800 '' number anywhere on the web site , nor on the package or documentation . It appears that I am stuck paying for something that I do not feel comfortable using.This program might be well suited for a computer that is used primarily by school children , but if you store banking information , business data or the like , I feel that you would be far safer using a similar program provided by one of the competitors
 I purchased the disk version to eliminate download time because of my slow dial-up USP . It turned out after loading the disk I had to go on line and it downloaded the product . 45 minutes later it started and did it 's thing . I then started having problems with the internal Fax that had never happend before . Long story short , other little problems and flags about updates and 2 hours of service tech 's in various parts of the world , I decided to restore my PC to the day before my MS mistake . $ 25 dollars in the trash .
 ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE PROGRAM . MADE MY COMPUTER MOVE LIKE A TURTLE . VIRUS PROTECTION NEVER WORKED . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 I put the beta version on one of my computers . Must take it in to the repair store now . Email , click , everything is doing weird stuff that it did n't do before . It shows there is no spyware or viruses -- but can I trust that ? Ca n't run other software checks while it is in the computer . Went from $ 19.99 to 29.99 to $ 49.00 . I was still going to be lazy and buy it -LRB- because the premise is many years overdue -RRB- until I read their policy of charging you again for the next year unless you cancel . That means you would need to remember what day you bought it or they charge you whether you want to continue or not . I do n't think any legitimate company whould use this kind of unethical marketing tactic . But then MSN is n't really legitimate is it ? It costs to get their bugs , fix their bugs , and defend against their bugs . Costs you and me , it profits them . After reading other comments , I think I will uninstall what I have , go back to Norton and visit an Apple store .
 Need say more ? It looks like I bought a pirate software , but I did n't . I got stuck in installation , while the service offered no help .
 I was looking for more affordable anti-virus protection after the trial coverage provided me when I bought my computer expired . Live OneCare seemed like a good deal
 It took half a day to install , then the other half the day was spent installing missing updates . After I got through all that , it wants you to go online and activate your subscription to Live OneCare . I 've had problems doing this and still have n't gotton it done . And the help button that 's on the Live OneCare ... does n't help with anything .
 As others have pointed out , even when configured properly , if you have a home network and share drives/files between PCs , OneCare makes it a nightmare to keep the shares available.Sometimes I have to reboot to see my network shares , sometimes I have to disable the firewall on one PC , sometimes on both PCs - just to see a shared drive or folder on the other PC.Trying to use my networked printer - do n't even get me started - it 's a coin toss . Sometimes it works , othertimes I have to disable OneCare 's firewall.I ca n't beleive Microsoft ca n't provide a firewall that allows its own applications to safely communicate.If you have a home network with multiple PCs or a shared printer , avoid this product for now - I 'm sure Microsoft will fix it some day.P.S . I 'm a Network admin for a living - I know how to configure this stuff . It 's not user error :-RRB- -LSB- UPDATE -RSB- My OneCare went through an update routine a few days ago on my home PCs and I 'm happy to say that it appears the issue with sharing network drives and printers has been resolved . This application is now what I hoped it would be - a viable alternative to Norton Antivirus -LRB- which was once a great application but now debilitates any PC that runs it with its backround processing -RRB-
 I 've had this program for a couple of months now . Guess the security part works as I have not had any intrusions . However , the program has some serious problems with my computer that were not there when I was running a competitor 's security suite program . My computer is a new , name brand machine with 2MB of RAM and three 300 GB HD 's in RAID configuration .1 -RRB- When booting up , the program takes complete control of the computer for anywhere from 3 to 5 minutes , during which time the computer is not available . Since , I turn off my computer when I 'm not using it , this is more than a simple annoyance .2 -RRB- The program takes over the computer as randomly and at various times when I 'm working and hogs the CPU to such an extent that I can not continue working . This happens when the program is executing some type of process in the background for I see the HD light flashing .3 -RRB- It randomly locks up my computer when I 'm working , requiring a hard reboot . This happens with several programs , including Outlook and MS Word . I 'm running but one program when this happens.As I said initially , I had none of these problems when before installing Live OneCare , so I will remove it as soon as I have some spare time and wait for at least v3 before even considering it again .
 I purchased this subscription program because my brand new laptop had the trial version on it . I was never able to activate it and finally gave up after even Email and phone help with Microsoft customer service -LRB- with technicians on 3 continents -RRB- could not resolve the situation . I ended up giving it to a friend . What a waste .
 Essentially , my unfavorable rating came down to the fact that it rebooted my computer every two minutes , after I installed the 90 day free trial . I 'm uninterested in software that broken .
 At last , I can write a review on something upon which I has spent a LOT of time and effort , and perhaps save some others both of these . Windows OneCare is a really neat idea , and I applaud Microsoft for trying it ... -LRB- anyone remember Microsoft BOB for Win 3.1 ? That was a neat idea too ! -RRB- I tried OC in the beta program last Jan , and in Apr I installed it on four of my PCs , ranging from high desktop , to last legs laptop . At first it all went OK , installed fine , got rid of junk and automated some tasks . THEN the auto-updates started hanging and failing , Windows Defender went Absolutely Nuts with initializing scans , failing and auto-rebooting , and in the case of 2 of the computers , the CPU cycles eaten up by OC running the `` background '' made them practically unusable . After many uninstall/re-installs , I finally had to fall back on a kludge of Norton , McAfee and AVG , and on top this , I had to manually restore the built-in Windows firewall , because un-installing OC left the screendoor open . Not Smart and and bit shocking for program that 's suppose to protect your system.Who knows what OC protected my PC from that Norton etc would n't have caught , HOWEVER none of the 3rd party protectors EVER ate up clock cycles like Onecare . One more thing
 On my one PC MS Windows Live OneCare crashes upon bootup . On my other computer I ca n't send/receive email without turning off the firewall even though MS Outlook is set to allow access to the internet . Sure you have free support , but the support is worthless . All they do is blame the problem on other software on your computer even though your computer was working great until you loaded their software . The free products you can find on the internet work better than this software that you have to pay for .
 They obviously do n't have all the bugs out of this piece of garbage . I could n't get it to install , so I contacted customer support . Three technicians over three different days tried to install it by remotely operating my computer . None of them could get it to download . The technicians thought that it was because there were remnants of an old anti virus program that somehow prevented Microsoft 's state of the art product from installing . When the fourth technician could n't do it , I was referred to an engineer -LRB- and only after I complained -RRB- . The engineer spent about three hours trying to get the program to install and could n't . I am taking this POS back to the store , getting my money back , and will never buy any microsoft software where I actually have a choice of vendors . THIS PRODUCT IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST . DO NOT BUY IT .
 I have a less that one year old DELL XP computer from which I completely removed Norton . This product refused to load onto my machine . I was able to load a new version of Defender Pro with no problems .
 I purchased the boxed version and had a frustrating experience . A poorly designed installation process , backed by a seemingly non-existing -LRB- more than likely out-sourced -RRB- customer service , endless waiting times , a frustrating overall experience . I felt it was a total waste of money and time and effort . Now I am trying the direct download that installs a little more smoothly ...
 When I tried to install the software , it turns out I have to join something called MSN in order to keep the program up to date . This , despite the fact I already have automatic updates for Windows XP enabled.Now I see the game they are playing . They do n't give a darn if you catch a virus or not . All they care about is getting you to sign up for MSN . Once you are hooked into that , there is one more unsuspecting consumer swelling the ranks of MSN members.Incidentally , do n't believe the implication that people who complain are running pirated software . I paid good money for XP . I also paid $ 20 for what I thought was antivirus softare , not an expensive way to join MSN .
 Seems to me that a software company responsible for tens of thousands of known bugs in their Operating System should provide FREE care for their own fallacies . The good portion of known viruses are gaining access to computers through software vulnerabilities in the OS , so why does n't Microsoft provide support for this ? I ca n't think of one other viable market in which this business model works.Just know you 're paying a premium to MS because they were incapable of fixing these problems to begin with .
 Why would somebody buy onecare when microsoft xp is already left vulnerable . Stick with symantec products they are proven and , being a computer expert , are far better product than this program . What a joke !
 Unfortunately , I have the same problem as the reviewer below . I can no longer see my shared network drives/folders or printer . I 've configured OneCare to allow me to share files and printers on my local network , but OneCare seems to forget.The result - I get to cross my fingers when I try to print a document or access a folder on my network . Sometimes it works , most of the time it does not - unless I disable OneCare 's firewall software -LRB- figuring out how to do so is not easy -RRB- . However , once you do diable the firewall , OneCare constantly assaults you with warnings to enable your firewall software.The bummer for me is that I installed OneCare 's trial package and then purchased the software here from Amazon - I wish this problem had shown itself earlier - now I 'm stuck with software that I ca n't use - I 've since uninstalled it off of all my home PCs.As the prior reviewer points out , MS will probably fix this at some point . For now , avoid being a beta tester for Microsoft - especially now that you can no longer purchase OneCare for $ 19
 Check all the reviews . It appears completely hit or miss as to whether this software loads correctly . Loaded easily on my first two computers in minutes . Then I loaded it into my laptop . It did n't load correctly . Okay no big deal . I 'd would just delete it and start over again or use another product . But it would n't delete . It was stuck on my computer but not working . Called customer service . They got right on the line . Said ` no problem . We 'll take over control of your computer and have it fixed in no time . With complete control of my computer , and all the assets of the Microsoft Empire at their disposal , it took over three hours to completely fix the problem.My Advice - wait for version 2.0
 1 . Installation errors if IE7 is installed2 . CD almost empty - the program downloads from the Internet3 . Spyware defender scanned 34,710 items and found no issues . Free Adware program scanned 92,233 items and found 3 critical files . The Free program wins this .4 . Backup selected 326 Gb to backup to 514 CDs . It runs automatically at 1:00 in the morning - not sure who whould stay up to change the disks for 25 hours . This would only be useful if you had a small disk drive and no pictures or music .5 . Backup only works with CD/DVD or USB external drive . Can not find SATA drive or network attached drive or drive mapped to another PC on the LAN . The free SyncToy utility from Microsoft would be more useful .6 . Antivirus appears to work as well as various free A/V programs like Avast .7 . Uninstall calls a feedback website but when you enter feedback and click save it fails apparently because you have uninstalled the firewall and all Internet access is lost until you reboot . So I guess they will never know why anyone uninstalls it . >> Bottom line this a below average program and most people would be better served with three free software programs .
 My two and a half month experience with Microsoft Live OneCare is that it is a good product that has a fatal flaw , terrible support by Microsoft . The program includes virus protection and backup and recovery and they are great . Unfortunately , if you experience any problems with OneCare you are completely on your own . My experience with Microsoft support has been that there is no support . The help feature includes multiple ways to contract Microsoft , and they all do n't work . I always get an acknowledgement that my request was received , plus a promise that I 'll be contacted within 24 hours , and then nothing . Email , web and phone contacts all generate the same level of unresponsiveness . I have always been a great fan of Microsoft software and hardware , and I suppose I still am , but this program is one to avoid .
 Any security program that can turn itself off merely by updating the browser , something it tells you to do , is not a program you want `` protecting '' you . Windows OneCare uses Microsofts `` activation '' technology which is unreliable . One morning I updated IE7 as instructed by OneCare and the program told me it was not activated . I tried to re-activate , and though I could clearly see on the Microsoft site that I had purchased Onecare , it would not activate . Tech support is slow and the answers you get may leave you wondering if they actually read your message.OneCare also sometimes indicates that it has found viruses that are not there . I received a false positive that would have caused me to delete a file that Windows requires if I had not used several other AV programs to confirm that the file was not virus infected.Simply stated , OneCare is unreliable , too unreliable to protect your computer . I strongly recommend against buying this product .
 I had the hard copy version of this installed for maybe 2 weeks , then , removed it . Originally , I did use the generous 90-day free evaluation time MS gives if you download it , and it did work okay , but for a few slight bugs , though I DID NOT elect to install the beta Defender , as I 'd used that before and it was super unstable on my XP MCE , 2005 OS , and also showed many false positives . The $ 20.00 price on Amazon seemed like a very good deal , and my trial period was ending , so I picked it up . Upon reinstallation -LRB- My trial expired before the Amazon hard copy arrived , though not due to slow delivery , I cut it too close . -RRB- , I had stability issues with it from day 1 , and this time I did install Defender , which may be why , but I removed the entire program because of it . I 'm just glad I did n't pay Bill G. the $ 50.00 list price ! However , time changes things , and Defender is out of beta , I built a new rig , and so , I may give it another go , because I really like the idea of it , and the interfaces and settings and system info it provides . I 'm a security freak anyway , with many other programs , however , I figured who know Windows better than MS , right ? Besides , the anti-virus software it contains is one of the only ones that can run with many other AV programs , including my superb NOD32 , so I liked the idea of having 2 actively running AV programs . Another drawback is the fact that it has automated defragging built into it , and you ca n't turn it off ! If you do n't want it to run , then , you MUST go into it 's settings once a week and keep pushing up the day it runs , so that it does n't . When I first got One Care , the auto defragstarted running , unbeknownst to me , while using the PC , and did that really destabilize my OS ! Hmmmm , maybe 2 stars is too many just for the concept , and on second thought , maybe I wo n't reinstall it ! Though , if you are new to PC 's , do n't have any other protection yet , this still might make a decent program for beginner 's , plus it 's liscensed to install on 3 PC 's , good for home networks . Oh yeah , the one outstandingly good thing about it was the firewall would absolutely stop any new programs , both ways , until you decided to allow or disallow them , while most firewalls I 've used react too slowly and any uploads or downloads have partially started before they reacted and sought your permission , which is WAY BAD NEWS . On that one feature , I give One Care 5 stars ! You decide , but that 's my biography on using it . At the very least , download the full trial version , and use it for 10 weeks or so , and if you have no problems and like , hey , the price to own it on Amazon ca n't be beat !
 There is no program on the disk , All files must be downloaded , 4 Hours , Would never buy this again !!!!
 I installed OneCare on a new up-to-date computer . Right off , Windows Explorer started saying `` A fault in the program had occured . '' Within a couple of days , my new computer had a trojan but was caught by Spybot Search and Destroy thankfully . This was a known trojan , though updated software , why did n't OneCare catch it in the `` real times monitoring '' ? I deleted out OneCare to replace it with Norton , and noticed that the `` Program Faults '' also stopped . This program is plain Jane , without many options . It may become better with time , as this one is a Beta version * having to PAY to test it for them * Right now I am not impressed , and does n't appear as good as freebies on the net like Zone Alarm Firewall and AVG for anti virus . I am surprised to see all the positive ratings for this product .
 I have worked with computers since 1956 . And I have install most types of anti virus prorams over the last 15 years . After trying to get this thing install after 3 hours , I have given up . It is the most unfriendly program I have ever seen . And the online support is terrible . I am going to Trend Mico which I should have done in the first place.Bob L. Williamson
 I had heard and read good reviews of this product . The virus scanner is painfully slow . To add insult to injury , you are `` paying money '' for a `` Beta '' version of software.First activation , now paying money to test microsoft 's products . I 'm afraid to ask what 's next . I see no reason or advantage to buying this product .
 After Beta-testing this on 3 different PCs for over a year , and using final versions for 2 months , I uninstalled it on all 3 machines ... and uninstalling it took weeks of back-and-forth email between myself & Microsoft.Putting all your eggs in one basket is a bad idea when it comes to security ; if there 's one malfunction in the program , it shuts down , leaving you completely unprotected -LRB- no anti-virus , no firewall , nothing -RRB- . You ca n't install other anti-virus & firewall software in addition to OneCare , so you have no back-up . When I was using the released version of OneCare , it began to generate `` unknown error '' messages on 2 out of 3 PCs , and would frequently shut itself down . I sent several emails to Microsoft 's tech support , and the response time was poor -- particularly on the weekends . When it comes to security matters , 48 + hours is an unacceptable amount of time to wait for a response.The final straw was when Microsoft tech support replied with incorrect instructions , non-working links , and step-by-step directions that were literally impossible to complete . With no support , I uninstalled it ... and the uninstallation failed multiple times , so once again , I had to rely on Microsoft 's tech support , and the sub-par support continued.Tech support is an important component of computer security , and Microsoft fails miserably here.NOD32 anti-virus , and Kerio firewall are , by far , much better options , both in terms of functionality and support . Or if you want something for free , search for `` Avast '' anti-virus and `` Zone Labs '' firewall .
 The key word in evaluating this product is the word `` automatic '' . There is little or nothing in the way of manual options or manual control in this program . Turn your computer off for a few weeks -LRB- perhaps you have a laptop that you only use when you travel , as I do -RRB- . Then - when you turn the computer on , OneCare comes on automatically and wants to do its thing - updating , `` tuneup '' , etc. . Just too bad if you 'd like to use your computer for your own purposes - you 'll just have to wait a couple of hours while OneCare does its thing.And , as of November 14 , OneCare expects you to use the new Browser version - Explorer 7 . Do n't like the new browser ? Too bad . OneCare likes it and wants it and you get a yellow alert warning you of marginal security if you do n't immediately download Explorer 7 . Again , there is no manual override or personal choice in the matter .
 I installed OneCare on the computer I use to manage my Outlook contacts and e mail . Onecare stopped Outlook from retrieving e mail , even when I enabled Outlook in the settings . The only way to get my e mail back was to uninstall OneCare . Since Outlook and OneCare are both MS products , you would think that would not conflict .
 This version is an old version . You will have to download the latest version . Have dial-up and took 2 hours to download and still would not install . Microsoft could not help me . Installed Vista and tried to install again . Said I needed Service Pack 2 which Vista deletes on installation . Finally got it installed by trickery on the web . This is now 30 days later and now have virus protection . Go to the website to purchase this item .
 Pros -- 1 -RRB- firewall recognizes many mainstream programs and dynamically grants access . 2 -RRB- For the most part , all aspects of the program are unobtrusive -LRB- unlike Symantec which always seems to be imposing itself and draining resources . -RRB- 3 -RRB- Automatic backups are a breeze when a USB hard drive is attached and configured as the backup device.Cons -- 1 -RRB- a credit card is required for subscription . I do n't like anything that automatically renews itself . 2 -RRB- Automatic Tune-up is a nice idea that never really works . I have 3 hard drives in my system . When the tune-up is started , it never finishes the 1st drive and never touches the other 2 . On the C drive it says it only partially defragmented the drive because of high levels of fragmentation . On the F and G drives it says `` Not yet started . '' This has been going on for 5 months . If I go in and do an analysis of the fragmentation of C it tells me the drive does not need to be defragmented . 3 -RRB- If you do not have fully automatic updates specified , OneCare shows you `` At Risk '' in red and continually warns you . Unfortunately , if you do have fully automatic updates turned on , Windows reboots your computer when updates are installed , and it forces other programs to shut down when it does the reboot . If you have unsaved work , that work is lost . Automatic updates has cost me hours of work on 2 different occassions . I opted to have Windows download updates and let me know about it and let me choose when to install them . This puts me `` At Risk '' in the eyes of the developers of OneCare . And in so doing , it defeats the whole idea of the red `` At risk '' notification icon . I am perpetually `` At Risk '' 4 -RRB- Expensive , expecially when you consider that my RoadRunner subscription includes a free license for 3 computers to Computer Associates 's EZ Armor . At $ 49.95 / year it should be head and shoulders above the competition . It 's not .
 MS must have `` fixed '' the problem with an `` update '' . My machine has not crashed for weeks ... knock on wood . Without the crashes I give it three stars . I still have to use other spyware apps to clean up what MS WLOC misses.Same random `` freezes '' are happening on my machine while using Firefox . Horrible product ... more like a virus than a `` virus checker '' . Another fun annoyance is with Onecare backups . Try deleting the file from your external hard drive ... ca n't do it ... not even after applying `` Sharing '' attributes as suggested by MS. This is more like a `` freeware '' app than a major software product produced by MS.
 Unlike many of the other reviewers , I did not have problems installing OneCare , or having it randomly `` take over '' my PC . In all , I think it works pretty well with one major and one minor flaws.The minor flaw is that anti-Spyware protection is provided by a very loose integration with Microsoft Defender -LRB- which by the way is only in Beta -RRB- . The periodic scheduled `` tune up '' that OneCare performs does not include a spyware scan -- you have to manually bring up Defender to scan for spyware.The MAJOR flaw is that OneCare completely breaks file and print sharing on your local network . If you are used to sharing files between computers , or sharing a printer , forget about it.By default , OneCare disables file/print sharing . OK , once you know that you can enable it . But is still does n't work . There are suggested remedies in the Microsoft OneCare help center , and on the Microsoft forums , but none of them worked for me . -LRB- I am a computer professional with over 25 years experience -- I do know what I am doing . -RRB- An hour + on the phone with Microsoft tech support did not help either.You might have good luck with this product if you only have one PC . But if you have a network and do any file sharing , I recommend you stay away .
 I guess they misrepresented the product listed for the price listed . However , they rapidly credited my purchase so no harm no foul . The only reason I state one star is because I had to pick one . Since I did n't receive anything I could n't really rate it .
 I was excited by the features that this product advertised but the actual performance turned out a good deal different . The dictionary is difficult to use and the keyboard interface for the Russian alphabet just does n't cut it . It would be a whole lot better if the keyboard could be the kind that matches up with similar sounding letters on the American keyboard . Other products I have do that successfully . I thought the cut and paste function was cumbersome . But the main reason I got this dictionary was to have a source for audio on the pronunciation and that works well . If that 's all you want , this is a cheap way to get it . But I think that I 'm better off with a dictionary in book form than this electronic one .
 Clumsy interface , hard to use and understand product . Complete waste of money.Furthermore , I bothered to do some research on CI Host . They have avalanche of press releases . For every little thing they issue a PR . They have more PR than Microsoft and Intel combined . They are a new breed of spammers . Their PR agency promotes pyramids -LRB- multi level marketing -RRB- at their front page . The President of CI Host is bragging how he has had misleading his customers on purpose about the number of employees.I would stay away from CI Host .
 As the author of likely the most extensive `` Greyscale & Colour Calibration for Dummies '' guide available , I thought I should chime in on my thoughts on the Spyder2 sensor vs. the other less expensive sensors out there -LRB- such as the Eye-One/i1 -RRB- : In my tests and speaking with various calibration experts we 've concluded that
 Really not evolved beyond what SuperMac Technology was doing via ADB connections 15 years ago ... and completely useless for calibrating a multi-display system . That basic capability is only supported via the `` PRO '' model for $ 100 more , which Amazon 's description fails to mention .
 Before using ColorVision Spyder2 my monitor was calibrated with the free Adobe Gamma program installed as part of Adobe Photoshop . My monitor looked great and the photos I printed looked great too . The colors were spot on . After using Spyder2 Express my monitor looks worse . My monitor appears dim , the color temperature is too warm and colors look green and dull . If I had known it was going to ruin my already great looking monitor I would n't have wasted my time . My hope was that it would make my monitor look better , not worse . I am not at all satisfied with this product would n't recommend buying it . Instead try Adobe Gamma or look for other free monitor calibration software tools online .
 Works great , but MANY people have had a hard time getting the computer to recognize the device . Software will often say `` Please plug in your sensor '' , when the device is already plugged in!IF you get it to work you will be VERY happy with the results -- just be prepared for an endless series of downloading drivers , re-installing , re-booting , etc , etc. .
 My laptop is connected to a new Samsung monitor . This product did not work for me even though I disconnected the monitor knowing that I may have problem with dual monitors . The screen is the same before and after carlibration . Emailed to customer service and still did not work . Wasted my money .
 I am horribly disappointed in the Spyder products . I started with the pro version , which ruined my dual screen calibration . Then I tried this version thinking it might have been a dud . This is worse . Does n't do dual monitors and made the image yellow and dry . Terrible product . Returning it today . I will never buy a colorvision product again . I gave them a chance on two different products across many 5 different displays . ALL ... yes , all ... failed with worse color than they started with . Beware of this crappy product . I wish there was something better ... but Eye One is pricey and I heard mixed reviews on the Huey . What else is there ?
 I received the Spyder2 Suite on April 3 , 2008 . Installation was straight forward with no problems . It appears to do what it says it will do , however , two weeks later when it was time to recalibrae , found a problem . The recalibration would reach the point of `` Adjust Color Temperature Preset '' . Next step should be `` Attach colorimeter to screen '' but it bypassed this step and went to `` Remove colorimeter '' and loops back and forth between these two steps . Finally I would have to close the program . The only way I can recalibrate the monitor is uninstall and reinstall the software.Went on line and registered with Datacolor -LRB- Colorvision -RRB- and they said I would receive an email so as to validate my email address . To this date -LRB- May l7 , 2008 -RRB- have n't received anything from them . After two weeks and no email , sent them an email explaining the situtation and ask for help in this matter . Still have n't received anything from Datacolor . Called their 800 support line and was told that he could n't help as his departmnet does n't handle the problem of not receiving emails , but he did give me an email address for downloading v2 .3 as I was using v2 .2 . My AT&T ; browser said it could n't find the address . Finally sent a letter , by mail , to the General Manager directly , asking for help on this matter , as you ca n't receive support or download software updates without being registered . That has been two weeks now and no reply . So I guess this is my problem now and it appears Datacolor just does n't care about it 's customers . Also did n't find out that the Spyder2 Express and Spyder2 Suite are discontinued products until almost a month after purchasing . I would go to another company.I would have gave Spyder2 Suite 4 maybe 5 stars if I was n't having the problem and could get support . I did n't purchase it for profiling the printer as other previews said this sucked anyway . The Suite has more options than the Express.UPDATE -LRB- May 19,2008 -RRB- After trying one more time , I called the 800 support line and explained my problem again and was transfered to someone else to resolve this issue of not receiving an email so as to validate my account . While my email address was registered with Colorvision -LRB- Datacolor -RRB- it could n't be explained why I could n't receive an email from them . Tried registering with an disposable email address and this worked . I was able to click on the link and validate and was able to download v2 .3 . After uninstalling v2 .2 and installing v2 .3 it would still skip the step of `` Attach colorimater '' . Only by deleting the profile created by Spyder2 by going to Control Panel > Display > Advanced > Color Management was I able to calibrate , and right afterwards to make sure I could , recalibrate the monitor , but by only deleting the profile created first . If I do n't , it will bypass the step of attaching the colorimeter.I will now give it a 4 STAR RATING and not a 5 star because of all the problems experienced and would recommend this product to others .
 I just received Spyder2express and did the calibration on a MacBookPro 17in . I was very disappointed . The result were images that were horrible . I switch back to the defaults . Not much more to say . I was very disappointed . I had a similar problem with Huey Pro ... maybe something is wrong with my Mac .
 After tons of back/forth email with tech support , they finally gave up -LRB- I did long before they did -RRB- . I kept getting frustrating error messages , none of which would be solved -LRB- after updating my video card driver , the Colorvision software online , uninstalling and installing more times that I care to admit -RRB- . It never worked ultimately . Now , having deleted Adobe Gamma from Photoshop -LRB- to enable this to even try to work -RRB- , it no longer works properly either . It keeps searching for the `` defective '' Colorvision profiles that do not exist . If there were a zero star review , I would give it . What a complete waste of time , energy and now I have to fix the problems it caused . Also , the instructions are abysmal - there are many things you should not do before using this product , none of which are mentioned in the instructions . Hoping their 30-day policy will be respected . It was a gift !
 I had some difficulty with the product loading the default profile , then the product asked later for a re-input of the serial number , which I no longer had . No big deal , contact customer service , right?Contacted customer service via email once , got no response . Sent a second email , and got a response asking a follow up question , since then nothing , no response , nada . All follow ups ignored.Perhaps this product will work for you , but for me , it ultimately went into the trash because of Colorvision 's refusal to respond . Do n't support this product , they wo n't support you !
 I have used this product just one time and I am not sure it was worth the effort . I screwed up my Adobe reader , my screen profiles and God only knows what else I have done.The instructions are LOUSY and I do n't suggest you buy it unless you know how to mess with closing and modifying programs .
 They say this is easy to use . Yea , maybe if you are part of the geek squad from Best Buy , or you know alot about computers . I have had this for a year now and it is still not installed . The directions tell you what to do but they assume you now all the tech on computers . It 's like telling someone that does not take photos to use a small aperature for depth of field . I understand that but would not expect everyone to . I even had a friend who fixes computers for a living try . He could n't get through all the `` easy installation '' instructions.I know this product is great for the calibration . But I can not see for myself because I ca n't get it installed .
 First of all , when I reached the step where it asks me to attach it to the screen at the designated spot , I did that - clicked `` continue '' only to recieve an XP style ERROR with a useless , long string of numbers and letters impossible to decipher . I tried EVERYTHING , I am no newbie ! It just would not initialize . So , how many stars can I give it ? There 's no choice for ZERO.The best chance for success is to use the suction cups , but if you have an LCD screen -LRB- who does n't ? -RRB- it warns you not to . So , how do you get it to lay flat just by hanging it ? I used the `` counterweight supplied , plus I held it in place with my hand , still no dice . OK , I 'll bite . So I try it with the suction cups and take a chance , nope , still would not initialize -LRB- I rebooted , etc -RRB- . BEWARE of using the suction cups , very difficult to remove without damaging screen !!! Oh , there is NO MENTION of LAPTOPS . I have a MacBook Pro . I use it for photography and graphics , HELLO ??? They say it is crucial to set the monitor to default brightness - most laptops have NO default ... you set it to where you want . There is no `` reset to default '' settings . DO not bother with this device . It 's the same hardware for all levels ... same problems ... . getting the pro wo n't change what I describe here .
 After carefully following the instructions several times and getting unsatisfactory results , I contacted technical support . Their answer
 The product is so so , there are others that do the same thing for a bit less . But Colorvision thinks it owns the worlds so when it comes o support - you are screwed . Between putting you on hold for ever , not calling back etc. .
 The software requires a PPC emulation that is no available in any recent Mac OS or any recent Mac hardware . ColorVision should make this more clear . If you hunt around , you 'll see they suggest their Spyder 3 software , which is helpful -- though be warned
 Very disappointed with the product . It put a yellow cast into the profile correction and there 's nothing I could do to change it . Worked through several calls to tech support and essentially they said I `` knew too much '' about color and that the express was designed for novices . I 'm not sure why novices would want a yellow cast on their monitor .
 I bought this hoping it would help me with calibrating my 4-monitor setup so colors would match each other . However , it only works with one monitor . The device itself seems to work great , I used it on the worst display and it really brought out vibrant color . It will work on more than one computer , but not well . It forces you to recalibrate every 30 days , which means if you try to use it both at work and home , you 'll be carrying this back and forth at least twice per month . Instead of creating a color profile your video card can then load automatically , it uses some weird startup software that `` replaces '' your current profile with this one . I do n't even want to know how much this is slowing down my boot-up time . Many times , the replacement fails , and you have to click a few errors off screen , and the color profile does n't even load.If you have a single computer with a single monitor you wish to calibrate and are willing to foot the bill , this will probably work ok for you . But for any type of advanced user , be prepared to spend a whole lot more on something that will actually work for your situation .
 The colorimeter itself seems fine , but the Mac OS X software for this unit is buggy and not a universal binary -LRB- which , if they were going to update it for Intel Macs , I would think they would have by now -RRB- . Twice I had it crash at the end of a 10-minute calibration , before I was able to save the profile . The app would subsequently hang on opening , so that I had to completely uninstall it to get it to launch again . I returned it and will spend the bigger bucks on a Gretag-MacBeth or Xrite unit .
 This turns my monitor a nice shade of dull pea green -LRB- Dull Yellow -RRB- . I tried all three ways to use this Spyder2 Pro and all three calibration methods do the exact same pea green monitor calibration . I took it to a friends house and it turned his monitor the exact same shade of green . I took it to my neighbors and it turned his Laptop the same shade of green . It only knows one color to calibrate a monitor . I bought it here at Amazon but it came from Adorama and they wo n't let me return it because the box was opened . It was already opened when I recieved it . I guess I will either have to eat the $ 175.00 or see if I ca n't charge back the credit card.This item is supposed to be warrentied for two years . I 'm just not very satisfied with this thing at all . Oh Yea !!!! The Print-Fix plus will not work on my Epson 1400 printer and according to colorvision customer service they discontinued the item and are not going to add any more printers to the list . It was too good so I guess they dropped it because it worked very well . I used it to calibrate my old Epson 1280 printer using glossy paper and it did a perfect job . There will be no more printers added to the list though so what good is it ? I e-mailed colorvision customer service again but I know it will just be the same run around telling me to try stuff I already tried .
 I 've had no issues with the monitor calibration . Works great.The `` suite '' version differentiates itself from regular Spyder 2 by the printer calibration . It is not worth the $ 20 difference . The printer calibration is TERRIBLE !!! The printer calibration included no printed documentation . The installer crashes on WinXP . The program itself crashes VERY often -- and required reboots in between crashes -LRB- warning of some obtuse ` unable to open file ' message -RRB- . After spending about an hour re-booting and re-running PrintFix , all it allows is to select from a pre-defined list of printers , and then has slider bars for things like `` Brightness '' and `` cyan < - > magenta '' , etc. . There 's no way to calibrate the results other than eyeballing the printouts ! That 's not calibration , that 's eyeballing ! They do n't even offer a service -LRB- or a discount for that service -RRB- of say , mailing in a few test-sheets to a lab to do the analysis -LRB- since the included sensor is unable to analyze the paper -RRB- . The final result ? Prints that look identical to how I started . All I did was waste a few hours rebooting .
 This calibration unit was evaluated on both a CRT and LCD monitor . The calibration for the CRT was excellent . The calibration on the LCD monitor left much to be desired and the results were not constant over several trials .
 ColorVision 's website recommends the Spyder3Pro for screens with LED backlight , but now pretty much all Macs have that , so I figured for the price , I 'll try the spyder2express . I have a 24 '' cinema display , and a 15 '' macbook pro , both glossy , I also have an older generation macbook pro with matte display but still has LED backlight . I tried the spyder2express on all 3 screens several times -LRB- and each time it takes quite a while too , I must add -RRB- , the result color profiles were all VERY blue . So it goes without saying that my spyder2express will be dropped off at USPS to return to Amazon .
 Speak & Learn ! Cantonesethis product is out-dated , virtually useless ... a bad joke ... paid for it through CSROMUSA and since i opened the plastic wrap , they wont take it back ... buyer beware ... DO NOT BUY this useless product ... i am using it for a doorstop now ...
 One of the shortest amounts of time is the ohnosecond . This is the amount of time between when you delete a file and realize you did not mean to.The good news is that there are utilities available to recover lost data . One of those utilities is FinalData . The product comes in numerous variants
 I purchased this by download from Ulead 's site . The program would n't recognize my Cd burner -LRB- Roxio Easy CD worked fine , but did n't do what I wanted to do with photos -RRB- . I emailed tech support and got a response a week later saying that they did n't have an answer and needed more time . That 's been about 3 weeks ago and I never got a response . Look and see how many people complain about the program not working on Ulead 's message board before you buy this . I should have tried the trial version first , but I checked and the site said it supported my drive , OS , etc. .
 I 'm a software programmer and this type of beta testing on consumers makes me feel ill and gives our trade a bad name . This version has patches that must be applied to work properly . I think there might be a new version for which is worth searching .
 There are still some bugs , such as ... if you add music to your slideshows , you can not manually go forwards or backwards while watching . You have to either wait until it finishes playing or hit the eject button because stop and pause do not work . Also , you ca n't have more than 2 pages on your main menu screen , if so , your dvd player wo n't recognize the cd you just made . I 've tried this so many times , with different options selected . It got 2 stars because it was super easy to learn . Otherwise it would have been 0 stars .
 This was a great tool years ago , but Ulead got bought by Corel and now they only offer a full DVD image/video packaged named DVD MovieFactory with much more capabilities.Corel DVD MovieFactory 6.0 Plus
 I was expecting the lastest version - it was version 2.0 not 3.0 and it will cost to upgrade - find another supplier who will give you the lastest - shame on you Amazon !
 This product is no different than any other cheaper -LRB- or even free -RRB- data recovery utility . The biggest drawback is absolutely zero customer support . Serial number not working after purchase ? Too bad , AlphaOmega hides behind an email address that it does n't even reply to . Save your cash and avoid all Alphaomega Soft Inc. products .
 If your a classic nickelodeon fan you may think this is a big piece of trash . Spongebob squarepants has just gotten weird & worst . I remember the time he kept saying loser . Thats a bad word .
 All you do in this game is run errands for people ! Who likes to run errands ? NO one ! Good cartoon , BAAAAAD game .
 This game is too short and simple . I bought this game with my allowance money for $ . . , and it definetly is n't worth it.I will definitely be reading reviews on Amazon.com before purchasing any games in the future.The graphics are ok and it is fun but I would definitely not recommend this game to any SpongeBob fans . I enjoyed seeing characters from the TV show but when the game ended I was extremely disappointed . ALso the short video clips were funny -LRB- especially the scences with Patrick in them -RRB- . In conclusion this SpongeBob game was a real let down.-A disappointed 10 year old
 this is a very short game . its also very confusing . example
 This game is too short and simple . If I could I would n't give it any stars . I bought this game with my allowance money for $ ... , and it definetly is n't worth it . I will definitely be reading reviews on Amazon.com before purchasing any games in the future.The graphics are ok and it is fun but I would definitely not recommend this game to any SpongeBob fans . I enjoyed seeing characters from the TV show but when the game ended I was extremely disappointed . Also the short video clips were funny -LRB- especially the scences with Patrick in them -RRB- . In conclusion this SpongeBob game was a real let down.-A disappointed 10 year old
 We bought this for our 7 year old daughter , and she did become interested but she finished the game in 25 minutes . We could n't believe it when she said she was finished and it had been that short of a time period . There was nothing else to do on the game after she conquered it . I really feel it was a waste of money . I thought it would keep her occupied for awhile , it only had one quest which was very short ... not recommended for the price .
 No , did n't work on my Apple Computer . Not a good buy - but then again , it could be my apple .
 Upon receiving this item , I installed it on the computer . It did n't take long to see that the whole set-up is hard to navigate through . When you have the greeting card designs shown on the right side of the screen , you ca n't read what is on them , making it very tough to make a decision . Then when I went to use the graphics , I could n't get to them ... they would n't go into my greeting card that I had started . I have Print Shop 2 which is so much easier to use and navigate through and easy to see and read . It is so much more sophisticated then Greeting Card Factory . I am so unhappy with this purchase .
 I installed Greeting Card Factory 1.02 on my Mac and it crashed every time I tried to run it from a user account . In the administrator account it ran fine . That 's how I figured out that the problem is solely due to a poorly written installer that sets bad permissions . This can be fixed by running the Terminal from the administrator account and entering : sudo chmod - R 777 / Applications/Greeting \ Card \ Factory/Then you just enter your administrator password and everyone can use the program . I gave it just 2 stars because I blame the developer for this mess .
 I previously owned a PC and used American Greetings card program . I found this to be the best one out and I tried them all . Now that I have a Mac computer the choices are so limited in card programs . I ended up purchasing the Nova Card Factory and I am not at all pleased with it . A very limited selection of cards and not user friendly . I would not recommend this to anyone . I hardly use it . I wish they would make an American Greetings program compatible with the MAC computer.JulieDearborn , MI
 I thought the graphics were weak and seemed limited to either too cutesy , cartoony stuff or overly fluffy granny stuff . I did like the selection of fonts and headlines , though . I am still trying to figure out why I 'd bought this one and not just gone for the clip art programs . Based on the good reviews it got , I thought it would be as good as The Print Shop 11 which has better graphics for all age groups .
 We 've been using a Hallmark greeting card program for years and recently purchased a Mac . This was the only product we could find that is made for Mac users and seemed to fit our needs . Problem is the software is way to complicated compared to the Hallmark software . It 's definitely going to take awhile to learn and get used to it .
 After using the windows version I am disapointed with the Mac.It is difficult to navigate and very difficult to switch back and forth to read the cards.Difficulty in adding your own text .
 This was the coolest thing I loaded on my Palm after I first got it from amazon . But I later discovered that far better solutions exist on the market from other companys like bluenomad software and cutting edge software . Since my copy was free , it was n't bad , but noone should spend any money on this product when such great alternatives as quickoffice and wordsmith are available for much less money and have much better features . There is no real formatting in the word processor , you ca n't set the font , the spreadsheet frequently looses information , and stuff.But for first time users , it is a nice way to see what the Palm can do I think.Eddie
 This is not like the other Spy Fox games ... it is only an arcade style game . My 6 year old likes it , but gets bored quickly . If you are expecting a great , complex , problem solving type game like the other Spy Fox games , do n't buy this one .
 This was a BIG disappointment . My son absolutely loved Dry Cereal and could n't wait to try another Spy Fox mission . The Dry Cereal game involved such fun problem solving and exploration my son felt like a junior detective . This game , on the other hand , is an old-school -LRB- bad -RRB- video game . Humongous Entertainment 's web site redirects you to Atari 's home page . It seems as though Atari might have purchased them and slapped the character 's name on one of their existing games .
 Be very , very careful with this software . I installed it , and suddenly Photoshop crashed every time I tried to open it . The Quick Start Guide provides very insufficient information with no warnings or instructions on how to backtrack after making mistakes -LRB- and mistakes are likely without better instructions . And hey , the company phone number listed in the user 's guide -- it 's some poor guy 's private phone number . A detail the company overlooked . What other details are they overlooking ?
 I bought this thinking it would be useful next time I get deployed , as I am an Army reservist , and soon found that it was a complete waste of money . This is obviously marketed toward military and contractors , but I found it to be limited to a few dozen words and phrases only useful to a casual tourist , and lacking even for that use . I then decided to learn what Punjabi I could in preparation for going to a Sikh temple with an acquaintance , and all I could say is `` What the hell is this ? '' This is not a joke . I am serious about this . For Punjabi greetings , these clowns actually had recordings of someone with a Punjabi accent repeating English greetings ! I know a lot of Indians speak English , since it is one of their official languages , but that is no excuse for this kind of fraud . Please avoid this product at all costs . It is not worth the money at any price . With this and the overdubbed videos , which are just annoying , and the total lack of pronunciation guidance , I would avoid anything put out by this company , Topics Entertainment . I would advise them to stick to entertainment , but I suspect they would not be able to handle that either . I would like to add that the only reason I have rated them with 1 star is because the review system would not accept a lower rating . I wanted to rate them zero stars for this fraudulent piece of trash .
 This CD has worse than poor interface which maybe was good enough in 1990 . It is very hard to learn with this CD , whether you are stupid or smart.It was cheap -LRB- ~ $ 10 -RRB- but worth to us nothing .
 I bought this software to help clean up my computer and I ca n't even get it to run half the features . It just locks up , no errors or anything . I do n't even have that problem with my other programs .
 I bought Fix-It 5.0 when I needed a utility to recover some deleted files , and fix a troubled hard disk . I chose it over other products -LRB- Norton SystemWorks etc -RRB- because of what I thought was an impressive bundle of utilities , such as Anti-Virus . Fix-It , not only could not find any of my deleted files and was unable to recover my disk , but ended up unconditionally installing some files on the troubled disk -LRB- a MUST NOT for a damaged disk -RRB- . I ended up buying another utility software which immediatelly fixed my problems.As for the other functions
 The amazon web site indicates this will work with newer versions of Win but it does NOT work with Win 7 - which is all there is now a days . The web site does not indicatre that now - how odd is that . We wasted money because we only havec WIN 7 and now our lkittle child has NOTHING and we have useless software . Do NOT buy this if you have a new laptop or computer .
 I advise ANYONE who is even contemplating it
 I 've bought the two previous versions of this software -LRB- going back to when it was called Fix-It Utilities -RRB- and never had a problem . But now a new company , V-Com , has taken over the product , and their first revamp , version 5.0 , does n't work . At least , it would not install itself on my Windows XP system - I kept getting error messages saying that the program could not be activated . I had to uninstall it and return to v. 4.0 . It 's a typical example of a software product that worked fine until someone decided to `` improve '' it by adding so many bells and whistles that it ends up being incompatible with most people 's PCs . Stick to v. 4.0 and save yourself money and headaches .
 There is nothing in VCom 's documentation that indicates the corruption effects when this product is installed on a Windows 2000/XP Server systems . The product corrupts the master boot record and , so far , I have found nothing short of a reformat and re-install of the system to correct the problem . Symantec , with Norton AntiVirus , does provide a software tool to uninstall thier product but I can find no such tool from VCOM . I have no idea as to the merits of this product on other than Windows Server but I am disinclined to have any association with their products .
 Systemsuite5 is NOT compatable with AOL , Thers are no patches , corrupts windows xp , its generally useless . For aol , you have to uninstall the firewall and the mail virus scanner . The system defragment tool looks like something out the stone age . To cut a long story short , spend the extra money and get Nortons .
 I purchased this utility to ` rescue ' a failed hard disk drive per the claims on the packaging . Not only does the utility not work , it refuses to accept any Alt commands cited in the manual when the supplied mouse driver is not recognized . I am a highly technical and experienced user and the software left me exasperated . I can only imagine a novice user trying to fix a problem with this application . As an aside , the documentation is more obtuse than the manuals that come with similar utilities , which adds to the frustration factor.What truly makes this software something to avoid , though , is the lack of phone support . None . You must register the program on their web site , then send your questions in email . Not convenient when your system is dead.There are a number of other reviews that cite problems with this software , which should indicate that this one is to be avoided . I will personally never purchase another product from this company , and recommend that you carefully examine the feedback before you invest in this application or any other offered by V-Com .
 If you ever need help from this company , God help you ! Because you wo n't get it from their customer support . They could n't care less , once they have your money .
 I read the great reviews , and decided to dump Norton Systemworks . Unfortunately on my XP Home Edition , I just could n't get SystemSuite to work on my machine . I tried installing multiple times , but the virus scanner never worked properly and the SystemSuite app would n't run in the background . Each time I reinstalled the program , my TCP/IP stack seemed to get corrupted -- causing AOL 9.0 to hang up during connection . The only way I could get AOL to connect was through dial-up instead of broadband.I would give tech support 5 stars though - they answered all of my emails within 24 hours , and often within an hour or two . They suggested various options , but unfortunately none of them worked.The registry editor/optimizer worked fantastic ! It found over 1000 problems that Norton Utilities missed.As much as I wanted to try the little guy , I ultimately had to go back to Norton . I wanted to give this product 5 stars , but for my machine -- it just was n't meant to be ...
 Forget trying to learn a language this way . Try getting into a videa chat room with people from other countries so you can REALLY practice . Forget these scam programs .
 I thought we were getting a game to play not just a series of lame puzzles ... very weak , even for a three year old .
 I bought the EZ Armour Desktop Security Suite because I 'm like a librarian - if I get volume one I have to get the rest . But I had a lot of problems with it . The virus scan crashed my computer about 1 out of 4 times I ran it . I could restart my computer and run it again , no problem . The firewall was a nightmare . It basically prevented me from connecting to the internet . I had to keep it turned off . The support was thru email . If you ca n't connect to the internet try using email support . When I tried the email support several times it seemed like they missed the point of the question . It took a couple days for them to respond , they I have to write back and say `` but you did n't answer my question '' ! After three or four repetitions of that it was n't worth bothering to get an answer . The other parts of the suite besides anti-virus and firewall had little or no explanation of what they did or why they were there . No documentation . After 7 months I got notices that my 1 year subscription expired . Telephone support to straighten out the problem cost more than the product itself . I went to the Computer Associates web site and on the main page were notices that they were giving away free one year subscriptions to the virus protection and firewall in the spirit of patriotism or national defense or something . So I downloaded one . 26 days later I got a notice that my 30 day trial was expiring and it was time to make a purchase decision . I totally give up and am shopping around for a different product where one year does not mean 7 months .
 As a windows 98se user trying to find something more stable , I was horribly disapointed in the Discovery pack . Things were easy enough until I got to the modem ... Mandrake is very light on their modem support , I could n't get drivers out of them for either of 2 modems I had -LRB- Intel and Conexant -RRB- . Tech support was absolutely useless , and even after downloading a Linuxant driver with windows and getting it installed I still can not get a dial tone . The worst thing about this distribution is that you ca n't compile anything -- they left those programs out . The best way to describe the interface is insultingly stupid , but to get anything done you have to be versed in Linux command line jargon , which is incredibly complicated even for an experienced DOS user . My advice , if you want to ditch Windows buy a computer with Linux installed and forget all these hassles .
 I had Suse linux for many years . I deceided to try Mandrake Discovery , because my old Suse linux disk would not work on Windows XP . I wish I had bought a new Suse disk that would work on Windows XP , because Mandrake Discovery will not install on either of my computers.I recommend Suse instead of Mandrake . I know it is easy to intall and it is very easy to use .
 I purchased the CA Antivirus program approximatly 3 years ago . After the first year I change and went with another AV program . I deleted all of the CA programs and thoutht everything was fine . Yesterday my computer came up with a message stating that My Mobile Lifeline has been exceeded and I need to put in a pass code to unlock my computer . I have no idea what the pass code what 2 years ago . I called Computer Associates requesting help to unlock my computer . I was told by the representative that I would have to call the Mobile Lifeline as she could not help me . She then gave me the phone # for Mobile Lifeline , Unfortunatley when I called , it had been disconnected , I called CA back and informed them that the phone number was disconnected , the representative gave me a second number , I called , disconnected also , I called CA back a third time and informed the same representative that the second line had also been disconnected . The representative gave a -LRB- 800 -RRB- line . When I called the 800 line I was connedted to the same representative that had been giving me all of the wrong numbers . When I ask the representative why she gave me her 800 number she said that `` It 's the only other line I know of '' . She then looked up all of my previous information -LRB- verified that I had been a CA customer -RRB- and then told me to go onto the CA website and fill out the request form to get my original password back . I went to the website , filled out all of the required information , stated what the problem was , and tried to submitt . It jumped back to the form with all blanks in all of the areas that I had just filled out .2 hours later , Computer stil locked up , no help in sight.DO NOT EVER BUY A PROGRAM FROM COMPUTER ASSOCIATES , THEY RUN YOU IN CIRCLES , YOU WILL SPEND HOURS ON THE PHONE WITH A REPRESENTATIVE THAT DOES NOT HAVE A CLUE AS TO WHAT TO DO AND CAN NOT DIRECT YOU TO SOMEONE WHO DOES . Please excuse any spelling errors , as I am so mad that I can not see straight . One P off ex-customer
 I had the `` computer '' `` associates '' `` antivirus '' `` product '' on two of my known-good working machines for years because it -LRB- the free license -RRB- came with the dsl service . The `` computer associates '' etrust ezantivirus product quit updating for no reason about two months ago . Turns out the url that the product is trying to fetch for updates is not even valid anymore it -LRB- http://downloads.my-etrust.com -RRB- just redirects to `` http://shop.ca.com/ '' and the antivirus app just quits with no message . This is referred to a SILENT ERROR in computer programming . A SILENT ERROR is the worst kind of software problem . The user is never informed even though the app has code that knows what happened . This is just one example of an overall buggy product that 's abandon by the `` company '' - WARNING AVOID ` COMPUTER ASSOCIATES ' AT ALL COST . Even their `` web site '' is a nightmare lacking in good search ability and full of junk results you ca n't find anything that correlates and I * KNOW * WHAT I 'M DOING . P.S. . This CA `` ez antivirus '' product , RIGHT NOW , on my screen -LRB- Apr 2009 -RRB- says it expires in Jan 2010 - YET THEIR UPDATE URL IS NO LONGER VALID and there 's no information for an ftp/manual update .
 I 've been using this product for over 1 year , and during that time it has allowed more viruses through absolutely undetected , than those it has found . In fact , when the real-time monitor does find a virus , it is n't able to clean it ?! Seriously , this has happened multiple times ... Trojans , netsky , funlove , and more have all gotten through the realtime monitor . Eventually a full disk scan picks it up , but it says that it can not cure the file . I had to download a Nortan cleaning app to remove the viruses.Another extremely useless and frustrating feature it the user quarantine . If the virus scanner finds a virus , it locks out the `` owner '' of the file . Well , most of the time , viruses infect windows system files , which are owned by the NT Authority / SYSTEM user . This junk will lock out the SYSTEM user from doing anything for 30 minutes . Basically , it renders your computer useless for 30 minutes , or until you can connect via another networked pc and shutdown the eTrust services.I 'm stuck using this product at work ... that 's why I have seen so many problems . Avoid this at all costs !
 I had e trust installed on my computer when I purchased it . That was a year ago . I have had a reminder come through to me to say my protection was about to expire . 2 days before the expiry date I purchased another on line system with a fire wall . It cost me $ 49.99 . I paid and the payment was accepted . I was told that I would receive an e mail and down load instructions . That was nearly 2 weeks ago . My time has lasped I have no protection on my computer and I have lost $ 49.99 . Am I impressed NO !!! I am not . Do I need help ? Yes ! I do !! Silly thing is I am still being reminded that my protection is about to laspe . I need some answers ! And I need them now !!!!
 This product un-less I 'm greatly mistaken has no E-mail virus protection . That 's why it 's a VALUE !! After installing this product I looked for E-mail scanning and found none also after running a scan it said that it could not scan 48 files with no explanation why . Scary thought would n't you think !!
 I ws very happy that I got one of the free downloads of this product when it was launched and was more than ready to buy next year 's subscription as this is a light-weight product and is not intrusive.My wife opened an e-mail containing the Win32.Netsky worm and voila , the system was infected . How I came to know ? This AV reported that system 's winlogon.exe is corrupted.I do n't understand why the AV did not stop the worm even though it 's real-time protection was on!I had to go through multiple levels of scanning before I disinfected the system -LRB- Thanks to XP 's system restore which sves the worm infected files also -RRB- . I had Autodownload on and I have cable modem , so if the data files for this worm would have come in time I would not have had two days of wasted time . This is something that never happened when I had McAfee ...
 I got the 3 disk version for $ 5.98 . Does not have the entire Mandrakelinux OS so was unable to load KDE . Big bummer . Then it hung up on the installation process and I had to reinstall Fedora Core 2 . Money down the drain on this one . Maybe the six cd set works better but the 3 cd set was a total loss for me .
 In the first place this is NOT a course for intermediate students ; it is 100 % basic . All the phrases are short , simple and always in the PRESENT tense . Wow ! What a dated way to teach a language!The multiple choice questions are naive . They will show you a cat and the choices will be as silly as asking you if a -RRB- that 's your grandmother , b -RRB- that 's a rainy day c -RRB- that 's your pet . Who would not answer?The general idea is good and might be fun , but from the linguistic point of view , the course is really poor . It lacks context , it is too short , there 's no central story to follow and the course is based merely on short , disconnected phrases.If you really want to learn French from the start , I highly recommend you to get `` GET INTO FRENCH '' a great little course for beginners by the University of Cambridge and the BBC . That one is a GREAT , FANTASTIC French Course for beginners and is also affordable .
 I purchased this game , expecting it to be akin to The Oregon Trail . Instead , it starts out in a modern-day flea market , where five kids are turned loose with $ 20 each . From the flea market , they 're supposed to get whisked back in time to the days of the Trail of Tears -- but that happens only if they read the cheat sheet and figure out the hidden path to the past.Once in the past , the `` game '' only gets hokier . Players basically get to sit and track their supposed progress on a screen . Every now and then , they 'll be asked if they want to stop at a trading post for supplies . Of course , every trading post is the same -- staffed by a skeleton , and selling the same tired list of ridiculously-priced supplies . -LRB- Who fixed the price of flour at $ 1 a pound ??? Probably the same person who assumed the average family on the trail had at least $ 500 in gold on them . -RRB- As for the trading players supposedly get to do for supplies , a couple of details need to be pointed out . For starters , the only people in the game are the children who get swept back in time . Everybody and everything else they encounter along the trail is either a `` good spirit '' or a `` bad spirit . '' Players are supposed to distinguish between the two and only trade with `` good spirits . '' Once you get past the whole communing with the dead element , you 'll find that even `` good spirits '' offer you nothing worth trading for.In the end , players get to buy food every now and then and decide whether to stop or continue on in thunderstorms . Other than that , this so-called `` game '' consists of watching a line progress across the screen and being told when a member of the wagon party is sick or dying . The introduction to the game does relate a bit of the history of the trail of tears , but absolutely nothing beyond what you would find in the most basic of references . Reading an online encyclopedia article would be more informative , just as interesting , and a whole lot cheaper .
 Beware - do not waste your money on this one . I would give this ZERO stars if I could . We ordered the Mac version for my son for his birthday . He was so excited about getting this ... little did we know that this software is using an operating system that has been discontinued for at least 10 years ! When I tried to file a claim , seller would not honor it !
 Bought it and it does n't work with new Macs , there was no warning ... a complete waste of time and money
 I 'm so frustrated that this product advertises running on Lion . I was really excited to finally find something for my son that would work on our computer . It will not run on Lion and now I have a very disapointed 4 year old . Off to return this ...
 Disappointed again . I have been trying to find software for my Mac 10.7 for my students . the requirements were misleading ca n't upload to my computer .
 I have a 2 month old high-end Dell PC with tons of memory and disk , running Windows XP Pro . This game does n't work . Period . First of all , when I installed it , it reset my graphics options . Second , when I attempt to play a game , even at the settings that it chose , I get nothing but a white screen . After numerous tries , and killing the program with the task manager , I finally attempted the other Activities options . Clicking on them does absolutely nothing ! It does n't recognize my mouse clicks.I 'm assuming that the game was written for the Apple Mac , and ported to the PC . Trust me , it does n't work.BTW , we have tons of other kids games and have never had a problem with any of them.Now I have to figure out how to return this silly thing .
 I guess I 'm spoiled by the I Spy games I 've purchased for my children . This game has an enormous amount of `` story '' ... it 's almost as bad as sitting your child in front of the television . Interaction is confusing and frustrating . I 'd rate this lower but it 's clear that a lot of work went into the animation , which is top notch . I just would n't classify this as a learning game .
 The problem with this game starts with the introductury movie ... it develops slowly , goes on forever , suffers from disconnected animation and does little to set up the ridiculous premise for game play.Once game play FINALLY does start , my child found the games boring and the TRANSITIONS between the games tediously slow . Cute characters ... zero edutainment . It was consigned to the dustbin by the end of the day .
 I have just purchased the COMMUNICATE ! software and quite frankly , I am extremely disappointed with the purchase ! The set up process is cumbersome and complicated . Additionally , importing data is excruciating from the incomplete and poorly written included instructions . Unfortunately , the manufacturer -LRB- 01 Communique -RRB- does not appear to offer a money back guarantee and once software has been opened it can not be returned . If you are considering the purchase of fax software , I STRONGLY suggest that you spend your money on a different fax program !
 I bought the Communicate 10.0 and I could not get it to work so the manufacturer had me try the i2000 version to see if I could get that to work . I downloaded the software and I could not get that to work either . I sent them the test information they asked me for and they told me that my modem was not compatible . He sent me a list of modems and there were only Three modems listed which were not listed on the box as hardware requirements . If you do n't want to lose your money do not buy this software .
 I bought this software for one reason
 The features of this little program are mind-boggling but it does n't do you much good if there is n't any guidance on how to use it . The manual that is provided by the manufacturer is the most sorry example of a `` How To '' I have ever seen . The application also offers video tutorials but they fall woefully short on delivering the level of information a reasonably intelligent beginner needs . I have no doubt that , with time , someone can figure out all the bells , gongs and whistles but unless you have experience in professional video editing , this program is NOT for the average individual . Too bad something this slick ca n't provide a better user manual !
 For editing this program is great . User friendly interface , etc. . After that ... Try getting help . The manual is absolutely terrible . The whole point in buying this program was to make a few VCD 's . The manual says about 3 words on this subject . It does not even talk about some of the most important aspects of the program . It was obviously not written for the beginner . Website help ? Forget it . Worse then the manual . Phone help ? The toll free # listed gets you to the secretary . She 's in charge of giving you the 900 # . Do n't waste your money or time -LRB- I sure did ! -RRB-
 I purchased this program in the hopes of being able to edit some older video material I had , and I have been disappointed to the point of abandonment that I have not been able to get the job done . While the program appears to have all the right editing features , clever transitions , easy `` drag and drop '' manipulations , and multiple tracks for video and audio sources , I have been unable to import the video material using the ATI Rage Fury Pro capture card on my motherboard . When I attempted to get technical help , I was unable to make any `` live '' contact using the USA number provided and was referred to an email service from Europe . I did receive a response from Holland and one from Germany as well , but even those technicians were unable to come close to solving the problems . Video processing is an art in evolution and there are many formats and other technical issues to consider . There seems to be a host of compaitbility problems out there and unless you are a real whiz at that stuff and can solve your own problems , this product will disappoint you because of the VERY sketchy support . I ended up getting a G4 powerbook with iMovie out of frustration . I think that PC video editing has a long way to go and that this program does not advance the state of the art .
 It sounds extreme , but in my opinion , this program is terrible . I got it for $ $ and now I am trying to get my money back . In the reviews it sounds very good . I used it on a Window 2000 computer with 768 meg . of memory and an 80 gig hard drive with an AMD 1.3 ghz processor and a NVidia TNT2 32 meg . video card . My regular job is as a Computer Support Specialist and Programmer so I work with - many programs . Here 's my experience that supports the poor rating I give the program ... = Right after the installation of the program , it automatically starts up the Video Deluxe program . When it did , immediately it came up with an `` Error loading audiovis.dll '' message . The program did continue to load . Twice when I subsequently started the program , that error message occurred . What effects it has in using the program I do n't know . = Twice when I exported a movie using QuickTime Movie Export with all default settings except sound set to 11k and Mono , the Video Deluxe froze up the computer an hour into the render . I gave up . -LRB- Note - I have 25 + other major software programs on this machine that I 've used for a year and they work fine . . = When you are Exporting -LRB- rendering -RRB- , which can take 9 hours like it did to an . AVI file , there is no dialog to Cancel it once it begins . When I did ESC to stop an export , the Video Deluxe froze up and in the Win 2k - Task Manager it said `` Program not Responding '' and I had to crash the program to stop it . = The Help in the program is terrible . For instance , when I went to do an Export , a dialog popped up asking if I wanted to export a range or the whole movie . In Help , there is no data at all on how to set a Range . At times the Help came up in German , not English . = I finally dug up some info that - inferred indirectly - on how to set a Range when I looked in help on info about the `` Edit Menu '' . I used the info to set a Beginning Marker and End Marker per their directions . I even tested the settings by using Zoom to Range between Beginning and End markers , and the program - did - zoom to the range I setup . But then when I used the Edit Menu - Range Extract which Help says will delete everything in the video - except - the range , Video Deluxe did the opposite . It removed the range I wanted to keep instead and kept the rest of the movie.I could go on about other things that were disappointing in the 3 + hours I wasted on the program -LRB- like how their Tutorial video is so distorted when it plays , you can not even read it 's screen examples -RRB- . My job is working with software 50-60 hours a week and the 3 + hours I spent repeatedly trying to use this program to perform the simple tasks I purchased it for , were wasted . The program might have been conceived of by a genius , but it was implemented by poor design and bugs .
 I have to say , that this product is not all that it is said to be . You ca n't download songs , it is impossible to do . The company told me `` well , the sites must no longer exist '' I attempted to download many different songs , with NO success . It is difficult to use as a player , as you can never get your songs into the play list . Then my software totally crashed my system , I uninstalled , and reinstalled and no matter what I do it gives me an error , and then closes the program . I have uninstalled it , and put it in the box . END OF STORY .
 I purchasedPlayR jukebox XXL because I liked the idea of being able to mix my own songs . I guess that was just all bells and whistles because once I downloaded the program I was never able to get my songs from my hard drive to the playlist . I tried to check out the remix section of the program and it kept shutting down the system and told me that the program was not responding . Also , once you download the program it tells you to change the resolution of your system . I dont want to have to change my computer resolution everytime I plan on running this program , it messes up all of my desktop settings . The program is just too confusing and I plan to go back to my Musicmatch jukebox program which I have NEVER had a single problem with . I guess I was just fooled by thinking I could get something extra for the same amount of money . I guess that goes to show you that things are not as good as they always seem and if you have something that you are satisfied with you had better stick with it . As a final note , Musicmatch jukebox AUTOMATICALLY transfers my recent and new music files to run on its playlist .
 The Magix Player XXL in my opinion is probably one of the hardest programs I have ever used . I am computer literate , have worked in radio and have used music/sound editing software before . However I am new to the whole CD burning thing . I have read the 160 Page manual cover to cover TWICE , and I still ca n't get the music to mix properly , or figure out what I have to do to burn what I have mixed -LRB- which took me a whole saturday -RRB- to a CD . If you are a PRO with Mp3 's this may be for you . If you are a rookie , like me . STAY AWAY . I 'm just looking for something that I can fade the ends of songs that I have downloaded . This program does n't recognize songs you may have saved to your hard disk from your own CD 's . -LRB- I do n't think , at least I ca n't figure it out . -RRB- This is WAY too much for me , way too confusing . A LOT of features that the `` normal '' music fan would never need or be able to figure out .
 This the worst I have ever seen . It consists of four CDs ecah with a separate program and no documentation . No menus and no way to navigate through the programs which are not integrated . The programs are progressive in that each user must start at the most basic level and progress . For a kindergartener , this may be alright but a student in a higher grade would be bored to ddath . The games are much too slow that much time is wasted . The only good program in this is the Art program which is excellent . Moreover , the installation programs do not copy the files off the CDs onto the hard disk so that the correct CD must be inserted each time the child wants to use the program . I sent the one I purchased bact to the Learning Company for a refund .
 I love the first three HP movie tie-in games . This one , I have sent an e-mail to EA requesting a refund . The controls are terrible -LRB- and unchangeable -RRB- , the response time is beyond sluggish . It is difficult to get your character to face the correct way , I often find myself walking into fires I was just trying to head towards to put out -LRB- and talk about slow , my hands will have been off of the keyboard for several seconds when my character takes that plunge -RRB- . For all practical purposes , this game is unplayable . I can not believe that someone in testing did n't say , `` We 've got to scrap this altogether and start over . `` I do want to make this clear
 Big letdown . Been waiting to get it for christmas . I never knew that EA made such bad games . The big problem is that it does n't use the mouse . You are forced to use arrow keys for movement , and there is no way to change the controls . The most difficult part of the game is figuring out the main menu .
 I love the Harry Potter games but this one was so hard to contal I love the pic and the plots but again the contal was so hard .
 I 'm a HUGE Harry Potter fan and it 's been a few years sine I played the games watched the movies and read the book . So I read the books , watch the movies and now I 'm replaying the games . I never finished playing number 4 and had forgotten why . Now I remember why . Because it 's so far from how amazing 1-3 were . I can no longer explore the castle , the beans run away from you and I have to cope with that by casting Accio and I do n't know what in the world I 'm casting at half the time . I ca n't figure out how to buy wizard cards , I can only play with my keyboard which really sucks because I use a laptop and the arrow keys are a cramped little rectangle that I keep accidentally hitting shift instead of the up arrow key , I ca n't walk in a straight line , and when you hit S to cast the super spell boost or whatever I do it on accident and waste it because I 'm so used to moving around with the A , S , W , and D keys . You have absolutely no choice but to move around with the arrow keys and cast with the Z , X , and C keys because this is not optional . They created this for a tv game system and rather than spending a little time adjusting the controls for pc game play they wasted our time and money with this crap . I will ONLY play because I never finished playing the series in game for but I do not enjoy playing this in this format . It would be more fun if I could use my controls as I did in the last 3 .
 Whoa ... How did we get here ? I mean , really - The first Harry Potter games i got were 5 -LRB- OOTP -RRB- and 6 -LRB- HBP -RRB- and then i got this one ... large step downnnnOf course , i played them in the wrong order ... If i played starting from 1 to 2 to 3 to this one -LRB- 4 -RRB- , its pretty good!Alright , im ready ... lets do this ... PRESENTATION - ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Graphics = Theyre alright ... Kinda blocky , kinda boring ... nothing special ... people are kinda plain looking ... Spells are kinda cool though ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Potential = Is the 4th time the charm ? Well ... it looked kinda fun while reading the Description ... . You sure do have a lot of charms to inflict on your enemies -LRB- mostly animals ???!!! -RRB- ... . and not much else , besides normal spells ... The Description box says you can experience THRILLS of the movie ... Oh yeah ? Quidditch World Cup scene was so-so , especially since you were in the WOODS away from the RUNNING and the SCREAMING and the BLASTING ... Not very fun in the woods , around little animals that try to attack you and Death Eaters you CANT attack ... Ehhh ... not very thrilling ... . especially for a first level ! ~ ~ ~ ~ Characters and Voice = WELL you CAN play for Harry , Hermione , or Ron ! But there isnt really anything different ... If you look closely they really all look the same ... JUST KIDDING ! But they are pretty blocky ... . And uhhh Professor Moody ? Weird eye guy ? Your voice is VERY annoying ... I dont like you ... Yeah ... voice in this game is just mostly an annoyance ... ~ ~ ~ ~ Circumstances = At LEAST EA took advantage of a new take on the HP games and made it a BIT darker and more battles ... But do i want to be attacking animals and things all the time ? Nooo i want to attack the Death Eaters ! :-RRB- A different game , though , in this instance , is not very good ... Just stick with the Hogwarts approach ... This game altogether wasnt very entertaining ... . You go on sort of milk runs and just go through the motions ... OH and back to the Description ... ALL THE MAGIC OF THE MOVIE ??? How about almost none ... . This game felt dumbed down -LRB- the opposite of what it tried to do -RRB- and it feels kinda young and repetitive , almost annoying ... which shouldnt be a factor in a game
 After playing the first 7 Harry Potter games I assume the 8th will be just like the 7th which in my opinion puts them as the 7th and 8th best of the 8 . However just before those two was this one . The first three had the right idea , It might have been childish and easy to beat quickly , but at least I felt like I was at Hogwarts . This one is a pick your level and all based around a menu screen . You have to play a lot of the levels multiple times , and the reward system is pretty awful . I do like the idea of Hermione and Ron helping you but everything else about this game made it the 6th worst of the 8 . Sorry GOF , thankfully the 5th one returns to the free roaming idea , and its in my opinion the best of the 8 .
 I bought this game because I thought it would be a similar game to the first 2 Harry Potter ga enjoyed very much , but this one is much different and , in my opinion , not fun . The game can either Harry , Ron , or Hermione , which I thought would be great , but the way the camera follo difficult to see who 's who . The camera only sees one angle and will not turn , so it is more frus amusing and the camera is so zoomed out that you ca n't tell where your character is in many casting feature is very weak in this game , as it does n't always work and when it does , its more than an actual aimed attack . It got a little better after I got the controls down , but it was n't wo spent on it . I have n't played it since my first few attempts to enjoy the game ... I just started pla else . I saw no point in dealing with the frustration , video games are supposed to be fun !
 Not only is it a bad game according to others you have to have a new and well equipped computer to even be able to load it . It requires a fast system and unfortunatley we dont have that . Now we are stuck with a game we cant play on our computer .
 This is a pretty poor port from the game consoles . The game does n't support the mouse at all - which is almost unheard of for point of view games like this one . And , even though it supports three players and the graphics are good , the overall lack of control leaves you wondering where the money went.If you want to play this , buy it off the used racks - it should be there within a few weeks for about $ 5.00 .
 I wish I had waited to buy this game until I could have read other people 's opinion of this game . It IS terrible . I finally got into it last night -LRB- after completing The Prisoner of Azkaban , and IT was great ! -RRB- This one , however , is TERRIBLE . It is very hard to maneuver the characters . You can not get them to move in a straight line . You have to remember the right letter keys to work spells , and you CAN NOT use your mouse . All in all , a very difficult game to play and what a let down from the first three . Do n't waste your money .
 You 're not able to go through the castle and other places , just the levels , so it 's not that fun . It 's not that good , you get very busy playing it , but , well ... I think that the other games are better , at least you get to go through Hogwarts . Better buy another game , and believe me , it 's true!I have the entire collection of games from Harry Potter , and this is the worst , you do n't even play quidditch , the entire game is based on levels.It has good graphics , PERFECT GRAPHICS , but they should do this game better . In my opinion , Thethird is the best , but the first has horrible graphics . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I agree with other reviewers , this is definitely the worst of the four games so far ! Do n't waste your money ! The perspectives are terrible , the directionals haphazard and the overall quality of the game is very low because of it . Obviously EA continues to try to capitalize on the HP phenomenon , and every attempt up until this one has been good , but this one is definitely a miss .
 I 've played the first 3 games and i thought they were great ! The controls were awesome and the graphics were pretty good too . Then the 4th one came out so of course i was excited , but i started to play it and it was HORRIBLE ! i hated the controls most . I kept dying because i could n't get Harry to get what i needed . I was very upset . The game was pretty confusing . I really wish i would have known it was like this before i bought . If i would have known i 'd could have saved my money to buy something else . This was a waste .
 When I bought this game , I expected to a really good game like the former ones were ... live in Hogwarts , explore hidden , secret places , trade with Hogwarts students , play quiddich , etc. . . AND I WAS TOTALLY WRONGThis game is not even designed to PC , but as the others before me had detailed it , I move to the game enjoyment . It was horrible , I had no other task but killing weird - not Harry Potter for sure - beasts . No other ... When i killed the xxxxxth beast I bored it finally . Ok , someone who is mad may like to kill and kill without any meaning in Harry Potter , but if I want to play such a game I move to other - specialized to killing - games -LRB- not mentioning I hate those games , too -RRB- . So I was about to brake my disk and send it back to EA , but I realized it does n't worth it ...
 this review is for pc versionbasically the game lacked any customization.but my biggest problem with this game is its camera system.You do n't have free third person camera . The game is only top view similiar to RTS games.There are a lot of things missing in this game1 - camera is not what used to be -LRB- previous harry potter games had mouse/camera free movement -RRB- .2 - no mouse support3 - no video settings4 - no audio settings5 - no key reassignment .
 someone call the company and tell them to redo the game it was so bad . there is no story , no easy way to control the charectors , and no easy way to cast spells !!!!!
 IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A GAME LIKE THE OTHER HARRY POTTER GAMES YOU ARE IN FOR A BAD EXPERIENCE . THIS GAME HAS NO REAL INTERACTION WITH CHARACTERS LIKE THE OTHERS THERE IS NO FEELING LIKE YOU ARE THERE RELIVING THE MOVIE . ALL THIS GAME HAS TO OFFER IS RUNNING AROUND AND KNOCKING THINGS OVER AND SLAYING THINGS . NO REAL BEAUTY IN THIS ONE AND EA HAS FAILED ON THIS GAME TERRIBLY . SORRY I SPENT THE MONEY . LINDA
 I bought this knowing full well it would be dissapointing . -LRB- Part of this complete collection , right ? -RRB- Okey , here 's the good , the bad , & the ugly . I reccomend sticking to the 1st 2 games.Good
 1 . It is incredibley hard to move aroundd .2 . you cant explore -LRB- you just choose what level you want -RRB- 3 . THEY CANT EVEN JUMP ! what fun is that ? 4 . it gave my computer lots of viruses5.dont waste yor money on this I saved up for it and i regret it 100 %
 People ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME ON PC !!!! I bought this game today , and it SUCKS !! I LOVED the last 3 . They kept getting better and better , but NOW , OH NOW THIS GAME SUCKS SO BAD . I have no idea what EA was thinking . No wonder it was only $ 25 at Walmart for a BRAND-NEW game , it 's a piece of crap ! Next time I 'll check the reviews before I buy another EA game . I 'll say it again
 After playing the first three HP games with my daughter , we both looked forward to # 4 . What a huge disappointment . Gone are looking for secrets areas . Gone are the amazingly beautiful graphics of the Hogwards interior or the school grounds , the bean bonus room and spongify . No cool games like flying Buckbeak and dueling matches.What replaced the stuff that made the other three HP games so much fun ? An impossible player control system . Playing with the keyboard controls -LRB- which ca n't be customized -RRB- is the definition of frustrating . Even with an external game controller , it is n't possible to accurately cast a spell or even make a character walk in a straight line . The extremely high view angle -LRB- which ca n't be changed -RRB- often causes walls and other things to completely block the view of your character . There is no control whatsoever of any video or audio settings . In fact , the only customizable item on the `` Options '' page is toggling subtitles on and off.The various areas to explore are disjointed and unrelated to each other . There does n't seem to be any point in progressing from one area to another . Another change from HP 1-3 is a system of collecting cards which then can be used to augment a character to add stamina , cast better charms/jinxes and to be more effective against certain creatures . But when the final big battles occur in the maze and Voldemort stages , the chance to beef up Harry to prepare for the battle with collector cards is suddenly gone . Really dumb.One cool feature of GOF is the ability to let multiple players enjoy the games at the same time . Up to three humans can each control either Harry , Hermoine or Ron . External game controllers are required for 2 or 3 player game play . Be aware though that when my daughter and I played with a controller and keyboard , the game lost track of the character controlled by the keyboard whenever the game action got heavy . The keyboard character would just stop reacting . In an area where it takes 3 to levitate a block , an uncontrollable character is a showstopper.The GOF system of charms and jinxes is a mystery , even after finishing the game . There are about a dozen jinxes available , but except for about two , there does n't seem to be any way to intentionally cast any of them . The strange part is that after each stage , the game shows the progress made in developing each jinx ... as if it 's important and something a player has any control over . In battle , just pressing `` X '' as quickly as possible results in random jinxes . Unfortunately , all it takes to win the battles is a quick finger . There is n't any strategy.To summarize : Pros : - Multi-player control of characters - Nice graphicsCons : - Impossibly frustrating point of view and character control system - No customization of any game features - Radical departure from all the things that made the 1st three HP games so much fun - Pointless succession of game scenesEA really blew it on this one . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'm so disappointed with the new Harry Potter game . It was not made to be played on a PC . The controls are terrible . The perspective is confusing . You 're not always behind the character , but when he turns around he starts walking towards you . I ca n't even make Harry walk in a straight line . I think he 's a little drunk . And the bertie botts beans actually jump out of your way , so they can be hard to pick up , which is really annoying . I ca n't even cast a normal spell , because I 'm not sure how to get my character pointed in the right direction . The cut scenes even suck ; they 're not even animated . The first level is just running around the campsite at the quidditch world cup button mashing monsters that get in front of you . The second part is the same darn thing but you 're supposed to be in different rooms of a defense against the dark arts classroom . Boo hisss . I was just playing the third game last night and I 've played that through more than once and it was loads more fun than this one . Really , the GOF game is just a playstation game that they tried to make work on a PC , and it totally does n't . All the secrets and fun are gone -LRB- at least in the first two parts -RRB- , so what 's the point ? I was already getting bored and frustrated , and I only played for a few minutes . Maybe it gets better ??? I can hope .
 Unlike every other HP game that has been released ... saddly . . I enjoyed the last 3 HP games , so much so that I would sit and play them until they were complete . They were fun little games , secret areas to explore , colorful graphics and fun side games . This game lacks all aspects of the previous . It 's not fun , the controls are difficult at best , and there is no mouse support.I can only hope that EA learns from their mistake and takes this back to it 's original charm of the first three.In a few words , if you want to play a fun Harry Potter game , buy the first three games and enjoy . . avoid this one at all cost .
 I recently purchased the new Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire game from Electronic Arts . I would have to say that although the graphics seem more realistic , that has been at the expense of game functionality . The game no longer has mouse support for spells and the whole setup of the game is different than the first three and I find it boring and hard to function . Anyone who loved the first three games , save your money on this game-its just not worth it and if you decide to purchase it , will find yourself disappointed too . Electronic Arts-the game was n't broke the way it was set up-why did you try and fix it ! Very Disappointing Indeed !
 Do n't buy this game ! You will be sorely disappointed . This is NOT a PC game , it 's a Gamecube/etc . game that 's been poorly ported over to the PC . You ca n't use a mouse ! Let me repeat
 I have played the Harry Potter PC Game from start to finish , several times , and it is horrible.I have deleted my original review of two stars , because the PC version is next to impossible to play for a single player.The only detailed instructions provided are on how to disable all security programs and background tasks ... for better performance ... every time the game is played.The problem is , EA wants us to leave our explorer.exe background task on while we play the game , meaning we are internet accessible . That is too much to ask of any PC owner.The game content is repetitive , tedious , and punishing , not to mention mean spirited and sadistic.The trio are repetitively burned , stung , bitten , and shot at with darts over and over , and over without a break.A fellow Potterhead remarked `` The artwork is great , but I 'm too busy fleeing for my life to even take a look at it . `` The condencending , derogatory personality they assigned to Hermione and the dumification of Ron increases the level of irritation and makes the game downright annoying.Harry is more like my Uncle Harry than Harry Potter , he does n't know enough toget out of the way.The computer controlled characters do not work very well . When there are monsterous creatures requiring joint spell casting , my computer characters would either drop a rock on me , squirt me with plant acid , or wander off and try to close a gate I just opened.On the section of timed challenges the computer characters either wasted time or got in each others way , preventing me from advancing over and over and over.What is really sad is the constant torture of young teens as a form of entertainment.You get stung and bit and burned over and over and over in a quest for a shovel ... yes a shovel.Finishing the game gave me a sense of relief not accomplishment.The few positive user reviews , I have come across for PC CDROM Goblet of Fire , have been from users who had just started the game and were no further than a quarter way through , from users who had played the game on another platform and gave the same identical review for seven platforms Goblet of Fire is available on -LRB- to raise its dismal ratings -RRB- and one from an accomplished gamer with a state of the art gaming computer who understands the nuances of how PC games are written.Don ' t let the powers that be capitalize from this exploitation.MJH
 This game was so disappointing ; I ca n't even begin to detail the inadequacies . If I had wanted an action game , I would have bought one . I was so looking forward to this since I have enjoyed all three predecessors . No mouse control at all . And , as I read in other reviews , going in a straight line is really difficult . I do n't play action games so I am figuring that , if you 're use to them , the characters in GOF are easy to control but I 'm not use to action games . This is really second rate . Where are the secret places ? Where are the puzzles ? Who cares about killing these stupid monsters ? I 'm only on the second level and I do n't want to move forward . What a bore . What a disappointment . I 've bought other EA games and they are action rather than adventures games , so I was angry at myself for those , but I 'm mad at EA for this one . I preordered it , assuming it would be in the same vein as the previous three - boy , was I disappointed . Wonder how many times I can say that ? Do n't buy it , if you have n't already . The first day I was already looking for cheats or patches - anything to make the game more doable and usable .
 The previous Harry Potter games captured the charm of the books , were easy to play , and are among my favorites . I ordered this one before it was released and am very disappointed . The controls are the worst I have ever encountered , and I ca n't figure out how many things work . Do n't waste your money .
 Why , oh why , did they have to mess up a great thing ? I have had visions of 4 more years of great games to look forward to , but the horrible thing just broke my heart . The first three were such a pleasure , even playing the 3rd time through -LRB- yes chambers was the best -RRB- . What happened to the beautifully textured walls , and the great outdoor scenery ? Where 's the great animated cut scenes that tell the story , and the other students you can bump into to talk ? You ca n't even see where you are going , even when something is attacking you . And the arbitrary main menu you have to go to at every level-what happened to the flow of the story line ? EA Games is just sitting back and stealing our money . I will be very surprised if I buy any Harry Potter title again . I 'll just go back and play the first three a 4th and 5th time I guess . So disheartening .
 I completely agree with the other reviews . I loved the first three HP games , but this one is very different . It 's difficult and awkward to control the character you 're playing ... you 're just shooting jinxes at random hoping it hits whatever 's coming at you . I really miss the more realistic controls and camera movements from the other games . For those thinking about purchasing this game in hopes that it 'll be as much fun as the others , just be forewarned that it 's nothing like them !
 I was very excited to find this game on sale this morning at a local toysrus ; I got it home installed it . I was nearly jumping out of my seat at the graphics but sadly that is where the excitment ended .1 . I HATE the new controls , they are impossible .2 . The fact you ca n't use the mouse to look around and change the POV makes it very hard to even see what is attacking you .3 . The turning and going left and right sucks because you ca n't get the character where you need them to be in order to cast the spell.I own all the HP games and love all of them , even the first one that was not so wonderful but this one . Honestly I wish I could return it even though I opened it . It 's a horrible game and I really hope they go back to the old gaming style on the fifth one because this one gives me a head ache it spins so much and is so confusing .
 If you enjoyed the `` first-person caster '' perspective of the previous games , you 'll want to avoid this one . Let me list a few of the many things wrong with it : - No mouse ! You have to use the arrow keys to walk around . - No first person view ! The camera is always facing north , and does n't stay behind the characters . This means that you could be walking towards the bottom of your screen and have no idea what 's there . This is probably the worst component of the whole game . - Arcade style
 I have played the first three Harry Potter games on PC , and the one thing I enjoyed most was exploring Hogwarts , going on missions , and going through classes , and interacting with students . Ironically , I got to play Order of the Phoenix first which is AMAZING . Then I recieved Goblet of Fire as a gift . I was really disheartened by the game itself . It was a little difficult , but the controls were kind of confusing . The graphics are good . But you could n't really explore , everything was a mini game . Atleast in all the other games you could explore and choose what mini games you wanted to try . Overall , graphics rocked . But the game itself was dissappointing .
 i have the previous 3 games the first 2 on PC and the 3rd on Xbox . they were all excellent games , the 3rd being a little too easy , so i bought this expecting a good game . the only good thing here is the graphics . the most challening part of the game is controls . spell casting is a nightmare , i always forget which button is for what , very linear gameplay . Do n't buy this save your money and watch and/or read the book . Hopfully EA fixes these problems for Order of the Phoenix
 I have all the other Harry Potter games and this one is by far the least fun , least controllable and the most money . I am in total agreement with most other reviews that state this is not a game developed and meant to be played on the PC . It was a huge disappointment in every way . The graphics stink , the cut scenes stink , and it is almost impossible to control your character 's direction or aim . Everything is customized and confusing , you are not able to use your mouse . The angles in which you have to view your characters and the surrounding landscapes is awkward and out of focus . I tried playing it and enjoying , I tried overlooking the obvious flaws but in the end , it just was n't enjoyable in any way . What a shame and shame on EA for making such a low quality game .
 I have to agree with most of my fellow reviewers . This game is the worst ! There is no mouse control , like the previous games , so you have to use the up and down arrows on your keyboard to move the wizards . With no mouse , it is very hard to manage the games speed and the spells and Jinxs -LRB- ? -RRB- and confusing to the average player . Nothing like the last 2 games ! Wan na buy mine Cheap ?
 As been said by many , this game lacked all the wonderful things the first three games had.First , the idea of the using the Pensieve to access areas and not being able to explore the castle and grounds ... really kinda stinks . That was what I looked forward to in the first three games . So many awesome secret passages and the bean bonus room , all gone . Plus , you do n't get to see the interior of the castle at all , and the cut scenes are disappointing.Second , the control of the players is AWFUL . Just AWFUL . You ca n't make them walk in a straight line . It even gets difficult to get them to move at all . I have to pretty much pound on the keys to select what I want or move in general , which is n't good for my poor laptop ! Then , when you actually get them to go somewhere , they walk/run funny ... diagonal , backwards , or the opposite direction you want them to go in . It 's so frustrating.Third , the jinxes are uncontrollable . You ca n't even dictate which one you want to use , yet they score you on how many you cast anyway ... Fourth , the beans . Why do they bounce away ? I do n't like having to cast Accio every time I want my beans , it makes my jinxing-reflex slower . Plus , the frogs hop away . And it 's only in the movies that they moved , not the book . Which is why I liked the other three games ... they had more to do with the books!Fifth , the actual `` locations '' are interesting -LRB- nice to be able to enter the Forbidden Forest -RRB- , but once you get into them and get the Triwizard Shields -LRB- not to be confused with the mini-shields -RRB- you 're done . And then you have to go back and play more than half the level again to get back to the direction you were going , collect another shield , and start all over again . So tedious and a waste of time.Sixth , depending on which character you 're playing , the others will no doubt stand in your way while you 're trying to cast a spell . And the spells ... previously the little symbol would hover over the object , but here you only get a little dot ... and sometimes I ca n't even see it.I 'm so disappointed . I hope EA re-does this one and that the future games are n't as bad , that they revert back to the old system .
 I LOVED the first four -LRB- SS , CoS , TPoA , and QWC -RRB- games.The first one was a little too easy -LRB- I beat it in three days after some practice -RRB- , the second one being a bit too hard -LRB- I have a fear of fire snails -RRB- , the Third one and Quiddich World Cup being perfect.When I bought the first game I was expecting another GREAT game . But here is what I got
 I could not get the controls to work well , I couldnt move harry , ron , and hermione at all . I couldnt cast spells where I intended ... supposedly the game is better with a gamepad , but I 'm a casual gamer and not going to purchase one . I loved the first three ; I 'm very disappointed with this one .
 I have not played this game before but I think it got a bad rateing , I think this place called ESRB made it that rateing , I bet it is scarrey for 8,9,10 , and 11 year old kids ! But I bet It is very challenging and has good graphics , FOR THE OLDER GAMER !
 If you enjoyed the first few games at all you 're wasting your time with this . It gives no freedom to explore , but instead confines the game to ` levels ' more suited to a first person shooter than what should be an adventure rpg . It also plays in the style of a shooter , but with less direct control of your character . Your only real options are to shoot at things , pick things up , and make them come at you . There is hardly a story and it does n't even pretend to give you the usual mystery to solve , it is simply attacking and running away without the small level of skill required in previous games.There is no exploration , there are no conversations , there is no skill . If you have any desire to avoid melting your brain from mindless and pointless attacking then save yourself the trouble and do n't waste your money on this game .
 I was very disappointed in the fourth Harry Potter game , having enjoyed the first and second and even the third . This game begins with Harry , Ron , and Hermione running away from the Death Eaters at the World Cup campground . -LRB- You can choose which character to be , and you can play with a friend . -RRB- Then the trio dive into the Pensieve to complete some pointless , repetitive tasks . When they are done , it 's on to the Triwizard Tournament tasks . All of these are zap-zap-knock-out-the-bug-or-whatever-creature is after you . Even that would be OK , if only we could use the mouse , but no ! We have to use the arrow keys to move and the X and C keys to zap.For some unknown reason , the perspective is always from above ; we never see from Harry 's viewpoint . Often he ends up running and we ca n't see where he 's going . It 's very awkward and slow-going . Yes , the graphics and sound are good , and the characters look like the movie actors , but the game play is so frustrating . Bring back the mouse control , EA Games . This game is a dud.Kona
 EA managed to destroy the game for the PC.It hase absolutly no computer game `` feel '' unless you remember how games felt in 1984 . No mouse ControlNo Volume ControlNo Screen brightness Control.The only `` option '' is weather or not you want subtitles.Character movement is difficult to control since x and y movement is rotated off axis with respect to the arrow keys.For a gigabyte of disk space , the graphics and cut-scenes are poor.It gets a 1 star only because zero is not an option .
 As a great fan of both computer games and Harry Potter , the Sorcerer 's Stone was a game I had to buy , and I never regretted it . Along with `` Chamber of Secrets '' and `` Prisoner of Azkaban , '' I spent many hours playing and having a lot of fun . All three of those games had great replay value ; I 've played `` Sorcerer 's Stone '' countless times and I 'm still not tired of it . With each release , the graphics have improved and the gameplay has become even more engaging . When I heard of the release of the `` Goblet of Fire '' movie , the first thing I thought of was the game that would accompany it.Of course I bought the game , without bothering to look at its reviews . The game proved to be a major disappointment.All of the charm and fun in the first three games has vanished . Most Harry Potter fans are more likely to enjoy the exploring of the castle and interaction with other people at Hogwarts . That was what I enjoyed most of all ; what fan does n't like to pretend that they go to Hogwarts and cast spells , fly , play Quidditch , and live in the fabulous castle ? Just running around the castle , collecting things , interacting with other students and finding secret areas was fun . But that part of the game was completely taken away , and we are left with almost nothing but fighting.Now , not everyone is like me , and I can understand that EA might want to attempt to cater to those who prefer casting spells at opponents . That is understandable . But the game gets one star because they did n't even manage to make the fighting work properly . The camera angle switches and can become odds , and the controls are difficult to master , plus , they ca n't be changed . There is no customization allowed with the controls or other options in the game . The whole thing seems more like a console game set for PC , and it does n't flow well.If you were a fan of the original three games , this one is almost guaranteed to disappoint you . I did n't even manage to finish playing it the entire way through , and I wish I could get my money back . Hopefully EA will return to the previous style of games for `` Order of the Phoenix , '' but I wo n't be the one buying it to find out .
 Like the others I am also very disappointed with this game . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the graphics . If like me you buy both the console and PC versions because they are different games , forget it , they are completly the same game . The controls are awful and you feel like your watching everything from a tower . I feel EA should redo this game and we should all write to them and tell them so . Who ever OK 'd this game for release should be sent to Azkaban for life .
 This game is unplayable on PC 's . You ca n't use your mouse , the perspective is very disoranting , and the main difficulty in playing is the fact it is impossible to get harry to move in a stright line . The graphics are of low quality . Do n't buy this game .
 I agree with everyone else as far as the lack of mouse function , lack of audio adjustment -LRB- I ca n't wear my headphones because the sound is too loud -- I 'll have to see if the Windows volume controls can adjust the game volume -RRB- , etc. . I 've got a really good gaming PC so have had no problem with the way the game runs , and I just bought a gamepad so I do n't have to rely on the keyboard controls which would have been a MAJOR setback for me -LRB- that 's the only thing I hated about Sorcerer 's and Chamber , when in the game you HAD to use the keyboard -RRB- . But , even after reading the `` manual '' 5 times , I still do n't know how to select certain spells when I need them . And I have yet to figure out how to get all 3 characters to do a cooperative spell cast on the same item at the same time -- mostly it 's Harry casting a spell in one place , Hermione over there yelling `` lapifores '' -LRB- ?? we do n't need rabbits when we 're tryig to put out fires -RRB- and Ron running around whining about something . I have only played maybe 5 levels and quit for the night because it was so extremely confusing and frustrating . And I 'm not even bothering to collect beans or cards -LRB- if there are any at this point -RRB- since I 've been concentrating on trying to keep my character from losing all his/her stamina and trying to figure out what I 'm supposed to be doing now -- it 's not all intuitive ; it took a while to figure out those gaps with gates on the other side needed to be crossed . I do n't think the graphics so far have been good -- if you want to see some spectacular graphics take a look at Syberia -LRB- or even Riven -RRB- . I am going to finish this game but unless the game play improves significantly , I probably wo n't replay it , not even to find all the cards or shields or whatever unless someone writes a walkthrough . It 's just not fun -- and yes fun is important in real life when you have bought a game -LRB- this is the way some of us destress after another horrible day in hell -RRB- . That one reviewer who admitted has n't even bought the game but then compares the game to the book , well , that 's nonsense . This is a game -- not the book . Games should be fun , that 's why we all went out and bought the thing and eagerly looked forward to playing it . I do n't mind not being able to run around Hogwarts -LRB- it would have been nice but not necessary -RRB- ; I do n't mind not being about to talk to other students and all that . However , so the only thing the characters do is shoot a spell , shoot a jinx , shoot a charm , etc. just shoot , shoot , shoot which is boring . If I 'd wanted a shoot-em-up game , I 'd have gone for -LSB- well , I do n't know since I do n't like and never play those shootnig games -RSB- . There 's none of those amazing floating blocks or clouds you can climb on or rotating platforms to jump on in exactly the correct timing -- maybe later , I hope . That 's what I loved about the previous HP games , those very imaginative , impossibly unreal `` wizardly '' things that the characters had to deal with . I do n't like the bird 's - eye-view either -- too reminiscent of computer games where the developers did n't want to bother with real perspective , did n't want to spend the money to get a more realistic rendering of people and scenery , basically just wanted to present a layout of the `` battle field '' you were to use -- what I always thought of as `` cheap '' designing . I do hope it gets better because right now , I am disappointed and feel EA let the PC players down -LRB- I would have gladly paid more to by a better devised game specifically designed to take advantage of what a PC can do -- most of us nowadays are serious mouse users , ya know -RRB- . I 'm glad the movie is out 'cause if this game does n't improve soon , I 'm just going to spend my time watching the movie instead .
 This is nothing like the first three games . You ca n't walk around Hogwarts , you ca n't use the mouse , you ca n't talk to other students , etc. . Really stupid game ! The graphics are great , but who cares when all you have is pictures and no real game ?! Dumb designing . I ca n't believe it 's the same company as designed the first three . I 'm so sad . I love all three of the previous games and replay them over and over again . I pre-ordered this one . Never again !
 I 'm extremely disappointed in this game . The controls just do n't work . I checked the system requirements before I bought it , and according to the box , I have them . But the game still does n't work well , AT ALL . I love the previous HP games , but this is a big failure .
 seems like this one got rushed out for some reason . my daughter who loved all the other Potter games lost interest after playing twice .
 I wish there was a ZERO in the fun/overall ratings choices , because I would have given it a zero in both categories . It was a total waste of my money.I got it because I liked the other Harry Potter games so much ... MISTAKE . It is NOTHING like the other Harry Potter games . I should have read the many BAD reviews of this game first!This game is entirely linear - you can not go wandering around the grounds and explore , as in the other Harry Potter EA games . The characters do not interact well , in fact when the three characters are supposed to be casing a spell together the other characters are often otherwise occupied . Their tasks are obscure and not well defined.This game was not made for a PC . Further it was not made for anyone who is casually gaming , or in it for the fun of exploring the Harry Potter world . The game ` mood ' -LRB- environment -RRB- is dark and unpleasant . The only good thing I can say about the game is that the graphics are well done .
 If you 've enjoyed any or all of the previous three Harry Potter games , and you 're thinking about buying this one , pick your favorite of the three , and play it again . Do NOT waste your money on this game.The screenshots were excellent , which really suckered me into buying it . The graphics were in fact quite good , probably the only redeeming aspect of the game . The exploration , my favorite part of the other games , was virtually nonexistant in this one . The controls were NOT CUSTOMIZABLE IN ANY WAY -LRB- welcome back to 1995 -RRB- , and making a character move straight was like bowling a strike while drunk . In the previous three , the music was great and fitting , the storyline interesting and similar to the book , and the objectives were clear and simple , while still challenging . In the Goblet of Fire , the music was unnoticable most of the time , while being almost inappropriate at others . The storyline was boring and had little to do with the book or movie at most points . The objectives were never clear , and after beating a level I was left thinking `` what the hell did I just do to beat that level ? `` To sum it up in a sentance , I 've never played a game so awful that I uninstalled it after playing it once .
 I bought this game thinking it would be a fun one where you could walk around and explore Hogwarts like the previous HP games . It turned out that this is some stupid arcade-style thing with levels . Its really boring , and the controls are terrible . If you do n't want to have fun , buy this game !
 I am outraged at the new HP game . Below are some reasons why : * In the new HP game you ca n't even point Harry in the rite direction !!!!! * Also there is n't any order to the game at all !!!!! * In this game Ron and Hermione do n't help Harry very much.This game is a must NOT play !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I absolutely LOVED the first three games because the characters were easy to move and the levels were entertaining . I really was looking forward to the new one , but like so many others reviewers stated , was really disappointed at how horrible the graphics were . If you really want to buy this game , buy it for a PS2 where it was originally designed for . Movement is very difficult and it took me a lot longer than the other games to get used to . I hope they redo this one and re-release it . To the folks at EA
 I have enjoyed all the other games but the folks on this line are correct ... . it is terrible . I spent six hours trying different ways to configure it to work without success . The characters sometimes move and cast spells and then they just stand there . I have a friend who also has it and has the same problems . Since they make the money I am sure they do n't care , but this game is something that should be replaced with something that works . This will be the last one that I buy and I am over 60 but young at heart .
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying this ! If you are reading this before buying , be smart , believe us and stay away from this game.If you expect a new version of the Harry Potter series forget it ! This is a mindless violence game with very few options . From the moment it starts there is just fighting fighting fighting , it 's not clear what you are fighting for or about ! Just be efficient at killing stuff ! No puzzles or hidden stuff to look for at least not in the first three tasks . I wanted to see if there was something further on but the controls are so bad that I just shut it down ! Half the time you do n't see where your character is going or what he 's aiming at . The controls are relevant to the screen rather than to the character so if Harry is going down the hall all you see is a small section to his left . He is actually going straight but you have to press the left button , which is very difficult to master . You ca n't back him up - if you need to give yourself a little extra room to aim and you press the back -LRB- down -RRB- button then Harry is actually turning his back to the enemy . You ca n't change any of the controls if you do n't like the defaults . I tried to play using a keyboard and the controls were very crude with no small adjustments . If you are familiar with the controls of the older games this is nothing like them . I am a huge Harry Potter fan and I was hoping for another version similar to the previous Harry Potter games , instead I get the `` battle for middle earth '' ! SHAME ON EA !
 My daughter and I have played and replayed Harry Potter 1-3 , spending hours in thorough enjoyment . This one is TERRIBLE , AWFUL and HORRIBLE ! Impossible to control your character , move , cast spells , explore and all the other things that made the previous games fun . We hope EA reads these reviews and offers to refund or redo this game . You 'll want to throw your computer out the window after about 5 incredibly frustrating minutes !!!
 I agree with the review titled `` Disappointed '' . I think they spent very little time and effort on this game and hoped the name would sell it when the quality was extremely poor.I gave up after the second Defense Against the Dark arts class . I missed being able to explore , but with the way Harry moves exploring would be rather tedious.My recommendation
 I 'm sorry I bought it.I agree with all the other reviews ... Loved the first three games -LRB- Chamber is still my favourite ! -RRB- But this ... : - -LRB- No , I got stuck right before The Maze and ca n't go on ... . do n't know why . . so I stopped playing and installed Chambers again!Worst
 Oh , why did n't I come here and read the reviews first !? I would have saved my almost 30 bucks.I quickly bought this game because I had fun with the previous Harry Potter games -LRB- mostly 1 & 2 -RRB- , but once I installed this latest one , and tried to play it ... well , it was one big mess . The reviews are true
 Apparently EA Games decided it would be wise to sacrifice fun for the sake of graphics . I loved the first two games in this series and liked the third -LRB- though not as much as the second -RRB- . Goblet of Fire is completely different . To start off with , the controls are so different from the previous three games that it takes some adjusting . Once you have adjusted , though , you realize that the game is nowhere near as challenging or fun as the first three . The visuals are better , sure , but who cares if the game is no good ? I miss being able to control the angle , explore on my own , use the mouse , etc. , etc. , etc. . Plus , this game costs a lot more than the others did !! I wish I had that money back .
 They 've got to be kidding . It is n't a PC game its an arcade game or ought to be . The user controls on this game are so unfriendly that even my husband the computer genius of the family washed his hands of it after 10 minutes . My 13 yr old daughter loved the first three games but wants her money back for this one . No one in my house wants to play it except my four year old son and he keeps expecting us to fix it .
 My title says it all.Why ca n't EA games read the reviews of their previous harry potter games . All of us who loved them were just screaming out for another of the same ! I just wanted another game of the same layout and controlls just with new tasks and challenges and secrets . I am not a great HArry Potter fan but the previous games were almost non violent and all the card and shield hunting had a nice calming effect . Now playing the GOF game i , as another reviewer stated , practically run for my life and have no time to find the silly dragon statues.-absolutely no mouse control -LRB- is EA games spitting on PC users ? -RRB- - absolutely no game configuration-camera can not be moved according to will-spells can not be chosen by will -LRB- how can i kill 10 of the monsters with a specific spell at a specific time when i can not chose the specific spell ? -RRB- I gave this 2 stars cause i might find some aspects fun and 2 stars because the is some considerable quality to it.I repeat , if this game was to be a first and a stand alone , it would have passsed as a nice , detailed and anxiously fast action game where you can choose a character in every next level.But it was to follow 3 VERY successfull adventure-mystery games and let the non-i-play-everything-as-long-as-it-moves-and-shootsplayers down !
 Why , oh WHY did I not read all the reviews first ? This game is absolutely horrible . I have played all the Harry Potter games for the PC and for the consoles . This game is nothing like the others . For the love of all that is good in the wizarding world , stay away from this game !!! I want my money back EA .
 I absolutely agree with any other person who thinks this game sucks . I , like many others , played the last three games and they were sooo cool . When I started playing this one -LRB- the Quidditch World Cup -RRB- , I thought - wait a minute - this looks like something from 1995 . In the previous games , I loved exploring around Hogwarts , and in the second game , I loved duelling . I really hated the `` access the Pensieve and select a level to play '' theory . What do they think they were doing?In addition , sometimes I have no clue as to what is going on - what was I supposed to do ? It 's ridiculous finding those godforsaken shields to complete the level . Plus , often Harry , Ron , and Hermione are so small that I ca n't even see them properly . I dislike the perspective of the game -LRB- being forced to observe the scene from above is terrible -RRB- . The levels are often ridiculous as well - it just does n't make sense that there is a Blast-Ended Skrewt in the greenhouse , and it is ridiculous that one of the levels that you `` unlock '' tells you to `` smash everything within your sight '' . They took away jumping , and they took away the whole feel of the game ! It 's stupid that Harry , Ron and Hermione are just so stupid in the game ! They never cooperate well when casting spells together are needed . They react extremely slowly , and by then you should have been devoured by a Dugbog.The Triwizard tasks were a disaster . I had no idea how I was supposed to destroy all that marine life in the lake during the second task using the pathetic ` Ebublio ' spell . In the third task I had no idea as to which direction I ought to go to , and when I finally stumbled upon the two mega-sized Blast-Ended Skrewt , it is impossible to utitlise the equally pathetic ` Inflatus ' spell effectively on them.There are too many beans . You almost definitely have to do the first task hundreds of times if you want to `` unlock '' the next level on the Pensieve , and you get almost 400 beans each time . I wound up with about 15000 beans for each of the three playbable characters , which is quite useless except for purchasing useless cards which you can equip your character with for `` improving '' their skills.There is no interaction with other students , and I really do n't understand why the exterior of Hogwarts can be deserted , even though it 's raining -LRB- why would Harry , Ron , and Hermione even go out if it 's raining ? -RRB- . You get the feeling that Harry , Ron and Hermione are the only students at Hogwarts . You also get the feeling that the only teacher is Mad-Eye Moody , which is ridiculous!I do n't understand why I even bought this game ! The screenshots absolutely blew me away , and I thought `` wow ! '' when I saw them , and the ` game features ' totally made me crazy . The game cover was absorbing , but the game ... blech . Do n't buy it . It 's a waste of money , time and effort . Buy something more interesting . Let 's not waste our money on something that seemingly came from the Games section of the Accessories in Windows 95 . In short , this game SUCKS !
 I am big Harry Potter fan and i loved the previous games in the series.So naturally i thought i 'd get another worthwhile fun experience with Goblet of Fire but sadly i was wrong . One thing i really hated about this game were the cut scenes , they are just a bunch of static pictures instead of a video . Plus you never get to see other Hogwarts students other than Ron , Harry and Hermione , in my opinion it makes it feel as if you 're the only students in the school . Lastly there is absolutely no exploring Hogwarts castle or its grounds , the game is a very linear experience . It 's obvious that EA was trying to cash into the Harry Potter craze by producing this game with the least bit of effort to make as much money a possible . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME YOU 'RE BETTER OFF WITH THE PREVIOUS GAMES .
 I was very disappointed with this game and I have n't even completed all the tasks yet . I 'm still stuck in the Forbidden Forest and this game is trying my patience . The makers seemed to have sacrificed ease of motion for better graphics . One minute one is running up a flight of stairs and in the next moment a tree is in the way obscuring the view . There are n't many choices to play with , with respect to keys for movement or for casting spells etc.Compared to the 3 other games Goblet of Fire seems to be a letdown . If you choose to be frustrated by buying this game then I wish you the best of luck .
 It became clear to me that this game was not meant for the pc in the first 5 minutes of playing . The perpsective is awful and charms are terribly hard to cast ... the game made little sense when starting out and was hard to follow .
 I was soo excited to recieve it for christmas , but it is not worth it . You have all the challenges laid out infront of you , the view is awful , and you dont get to explore , it is all action !! I like the way you can choose whether you want a charm , jinx or accio , but other than that and the amazing graphics , it is pointless . To get some of the shields no one taught you how/what to jinx to get it !! No one teaches you the spells , you need to figure them out yourself . I think the third game was the best and that EA games should use it as a template for the fifth game . The fourth is fun , but aquard
 I have All of the other Harry Potter PC games , and I love playing them still , but this one was horrible . As many of you are aware , the first PC game -LRB- Sorcerers Stone -RRB- was good but needed a little improvement . When the second one came along it was even better , and I think the third one was better still . I had high hopes for Goblet of Fire , but it was very dissapointing . Just moving your player in a straight line is a challange , directing spells is just as problematic , and I would say my biggest complaint is that you ca n't `` look '' very well . What I mean by that is you used to be able -LRB- in the previous three -RRB- to kind of `` pan-scan '' the area so you could check everything out . This version has a very limited viewing range and I just do n't like it . I find that these things to be so irritating that I have given up even trying to play it .
 I am only at the second level of this game but have to confirm what other reviewers mentioned before
 We have Prisoner of Azkaban for the PC . It 's a much better game than this one . You are actually allowed to use the mouse , unlike in GoF ! We also have the Order of the Phoenix for Wii . That 's got it 's problems too , but at least the game is written with that platform in mind - this game is simply a Playstation game plopped onto a PC platform . Ugh . Buy Azkaban instead , and do n't waste your money on this one .
 After using Webroot Window Washer for many years I have become a big fan . I have never had any problems with the software and it has always done a great job , until now ... I recently bought a new computer with windows Vista installed . The new version of Window Washer 6.5 supports Vista , so I bought the new version.The program installed fine and then after a recent update , the wash was taking 2 to 3 hours to complete -LRB- usually takes under 1 minute -RRB- . I contacted Webroot via their online email support . I received a reply 2 days later which had nothing to do with my question and did not help at all . I contacted them again , but received THE SAME response - what a joke . Yesterday I received a survey to complete about my satisfaction , saying they are committed to having good customer relations . I gave them all 1 's - what a surprise !!! This is a real shame , as they have great products , but do n't have the support to back it up .
 Until recently I was using version 5 and it worked great . Then I upgraded to version 6 and all of a sudden each individual file required a solid three or four seconds of my hard drive making awful noises to `` bleach '' with only a 3x overwrite . I did some research elsewhere and found that people are having all kinds of problems with this version of the product . You would do well to research yourself before you buy version 6 or upgrade to it.After what I experienced and read I got scared of this product and decided to write off the cost and de-install it . I bought a competitive product . What a disappointment .
 These folks -LRB- mls -RRB- mislead you about what these programs can do . On their page for Quechua it says you can hear the word spoken but when my program would not play audio they said Oh yea not in Quechua . How many other of their programs do n't do what their advertising says they will . I would give it a Zero star if I could . The program loads and lets you choose from a bunch of languages which leads me to believe they package one CD with many different covers . I double checked the package I received with the CD and no mention about some languages having restrictions . I also checked their web site , it specifically said you could hear the audio ... But they wrote me back and said you could not with Quechua .
 And even then I would n't recommend it . I found this software simple and unhelpful . There is no great organization capability and the program seems to waste a lot of disk space needlessly . I origianlly worked with Sonicstage -LRB- Sony -RRB- which I thought was great . Unfortunately Sonicstage copyright protects everything and it is therefore impossible to transfer music from one computer to the next . I bought mp3maker to solve this problem . It turned out to be a great irritation .
 The only thing to recommend this software is the somewhat intuitive interface . Otherwise , this is the worst ripper I have ever worked with . Almost every track I ripped , both on my laptop and home PC have beeps , pops and annoyances . Almost nothing is listenable.It is also one of the slowest I have used , and some CDs , for no reason I could find , just would n't rip . It would find the songs and then start to rip and just suddenly start moving at a pace where it would have taken about 8 hours to rip one album.Then , when I went to burn a music CD ... a simple project , right ? ... it NEVER completed the burn . Always an error about halfway through , so I ended up with a handful of half complete CDs before I finally just gave up.Don ' t use this software !!
 I purchased this product to record and encode music from a large collection of LPs I have . The product is not the easiest to use , and it took me several hours of `` messing around '' to finally get a good process for recording , cleaning up and converting to mp3 . I think the audio editor is not bad , but the controls for cleaning up hisses/pops/hums etc. that typically come from LPs is lacking . I also discovered that there is another product from this company called `` audio cleaning lab '' that contains the additional cleanup features I was looking for and does a much better job overall with the record-edit-convert to mp3 process than this product . Bottom line , for 30 bucks it is n't too bad and it gets the job done after spending some time with it . But if you are intending to record LPs to digital format and clean them up , I think the audio cleanup lab may be a better fit .
 This is a very attractive looking entry level program that for the most part is relatively easy to use . Simple to make basic cut and paste edits . Filtering lacks the sophistication of more expensive products making its less than adequate if you are converting scratched vinyl records or older tape cassettes to CD . I used this product in conjunction with Diamond Cut Millennium -LRB- a much more robust product designed for vinyl restoration -RRB- for seven months . The program documentation states that changes to your operating system may cause the program to inactivate your registration and stop working . In my experience , this happened and the re-activation process built into the program did not work . If this happens , you will find there is no support for this product . Repeated e-mail efforts over a three week period produced no results . I was forced to replace the product with Goldwave which seems to have a few more restoration type features but and is slightly more expensive .
 I purchased this program and expected to have a complete program , I subsequently found that the program lacked key elements to function correctly , I needed to purchase an mp3 encoder update to use the save operation for my music track costing and additional $ 14.99 , I subsequently attempted to purchase the en-coder upgrade online , Magix.com took my credit card information and thanked me . I have not received any e-mails like the program promise containing unlocking codes . `` Note '' these codes were promised within minutes . I have made -LRB- 2 -RRB- unsuccessful telephone calls to Magix , still no unlock codes . I therefore requested an RMA number to return the program still no response . I strongly recommend against purchasing anything from Magix , Their Advertising information is mis-leading . Grady .
 I just bought this program and boy , am I sorry ! There is so much wrong with this program it 's hard to know where to begin . First off , it crashes quite frequently . The documentation is terrible . The `` synthesizers '' are worthless , except for the beat box , which is pretty cool -LRB- but which crashed on me whenever I tried to play the RockPop default beat -RRB- . The guitar synthesizer is particular hopeless
 I am a frequent user of Music Maker 7 Deluxe , and it is better on so many levels than this its insane . I was very stoked to buy this product when I heard it had guitar modelling and all the great features in 7 enhanced . BUT , I bought it and realized they took out some of my favorite drum sounds , which worked the best for rock -LRB- I am a drummer who likes to make rock music in MM -RRB- . In addition , there are tons of bugs , crashes , and other annoyances to worry about . The guitar modelling is difficult to use and does n't really sound like guitar -LRB- although its better than what you had before . -RRB- The interface is also worse than before . I am very disappointed and pray to god that a patch comes out so my 60 bucks is n't wasted . I will do all my music making in version 7 , and maybe use 2004 dlux as a 60-dollar compressor . I 'm very ticked right now .
 This is not only -LRB- much like music maker generation 7 -RRB- highly unstable but pretty useless on both my of my Sony Vaios -LRB- Computer Brand -RRB- . Do not waste your money on this program it was a great disapointment because the crash ratio was higher them the running time.Even after cleaning my memory -LRB- as stated in the instructions -RRB- it crashed just as bad on both my Pentium 4 and my Athlon.Not only did it crash alot but the program effects broads , such as the guitar effects , need to be updated or done away with . They constintly errored out and most effects that was advertised on the box just plain out did not work . Stick with Sonic Foundry or final cut 4 both are alot better programs to work with .
 I do better using the built-in Windows multimedia applications and the ` Nero ' burner and wave editing software that was bundled with my CD burner . This was the MOST disappointing purchase I have ever made in my life . Nothing on the box even HINTS at the license agreement restrictions , which requires you to upgrade to a ` pro ' -LRB- or ` royalty free ' -RRB- product if you do n't want to include something similar to ` Created via MAGIX ' in anything you publish , even the FREE stuff -LRB- either that or violate the license agreement -RRB- , regardless of whether or not you use any of the samples . Further , I could n't even load a simple MIDI file without the application CHANGING THE TEMPO and as well as all of the patch information in the process . So after converting the MIDI file to ' . wav ' format -LRB- using the windows application ` sndrec32 ' and the media player , like I usually do -RRB- I then added this track as # 1 , and started trying to add extra tracks , only to find out that the ONE feature that would have made this valuable was missing
 has some bugs.needs to be improved.no staff notation.no expression marks.needs more sound variation .
 Why ca n't an application like this let you choose the font used to display articles ? I 'd like to use Arial 8 but the program limits you to choosing from three sizes of its own built in fuzzy-looking font . Britannica should forget about creating software and just license their content to Microsoft .
 I through it out because it is so bad . Where should I start ? The dictionary navagation is not user friendly . The media has nothing that is informative and is of poor quality . I have 21 '' Sonly Trinitron Monitor with a 128MB video card and 2.8 processor . I feel much of information on Africa and Pan Africa is racially slanted .
 I use almost all important encyclopedias available . And comparison of the multimedial editions of American Britannica & Encarta -LRB- both 2004 edition -RRB- , German Brockhaus -LRB- 2002 edition -RRB- , French Hachette -LRB- 2002 edition -RRB- etc. shows that famous Britannica is the most outdated of them . Only some obscure and cheap encyclopedias can compare with Britannica 's outdatedness.EB 2004 does not deserve to be called updated and its title -LRB- 2004 edition -RRB- is very misleading . Yes , they 've updated some major articles and buried many dead people , but that 's far from enough . There are many other articles and facts that should be thoroughly revised and updated , e.g. population figures -LRB- many of them are from the 80 's ! -RRB- . Encarta and Brockhaus has most of the population figures from around the year 2000 or even later . Why not Britannica?EB 2004 is outdated even in comparison with Britannica 's concise printed version -LRB- Concise Britannica -RRB- , which was issued two -LRB- ! -RRB- years ago . Examples : - Encarta 2004 and Concise Britannica say that Mobil and Exxon are former names -LRB- companies -RRB- and that the new company is named Exxon Mobil Corp. -LRB- since 1999 -RRB- . But Britannica 2004 -LRB- Deluxe -RRB- says Mobil and Exxon are still independent companies -LRB- the last date mentioned is 1972 for Exxon and 1988 for Mobil -RRB- . - Concise Britannica say that Merida , Mexico , had a population of 557,000 in 1990 -LRB- Encarta 2004
 Far and away the best content of any electronic encyclopedia . However , this is marred by a truly horrific interface and performance on a mid-level system.This is a Java app , which is not necessarily a bad thing , but in this case it suffers all the weaknesses of a poorly-written Java app . The primary headache is the inability to save window preferences - the default is to fill the screen with the app 's blank desktop which it uses to open a new window with each link . It is PC and Mac compatible , but the Mac implementation leaves very much to be desired . For example the scroll wheel does n't work -LRB- as it should in OSX -RRB- , it will expand to hide behind the dock , and even scrollbar arrows are missing.Not to mention woeful performance on mid-range systems . Here again the Mac fares worse than the PC - on a 1 GHz G4 it can take up to 30 seconds just to switch between `` browse '' and `` find '' modes . Performance on a 1.6 MHz Pentium IV is slightly better , but still painful for prolonged use.My advice would be to stick with the 2002 edition . This was also a Java app but had an excellent interface and performs nicely . While it 's not quite as bad as the horrific 2003 version , the 2004 edition is still a step backwards from 2002 . C'mon Britannica !
 Do not waste your time and money with this product . It has much better interface than 2002 or 2003 version , but as compared with Encarta 2004 or Concise Britannica -LRB- 2002 -RRB- it is completely outdated!Examples : - Encarta 2004 and Concise Britannica say that Mobil and Exxon are former names -LRB- companies -RRB- and that the new company is named Exxon Mobil Corp. -LRB- since 1999 -RRB- . But Britannica 2004 -LRB- Deluxe -RRB- says Mobil and Exxon are still independent companies -LRB- the last date mentioned is 1972 for Exxon and 1988 for Mobil -RRB- . - Concise Britannica say that Merida , Mexico , had a population of 557,000 in 1990 -LRB- Encarta 2004
 I am very diappointed with this product . It is extremely sluggish . Moreover , most of the text in the Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary and Thesaurus in the Encyclopedia Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite 2004 DVD -LRB- 2004.0 -RRB- does not display correctly . I have tried to get help from Encyclopedia Britannica 's online tech support and customer service for this product repeatedly but they do not respond . I can not recommend software which Encyclopedia Britannica refuses to support . It is shameful that Encyclopedia Britannica will not support their product and will not respond their customers .
 If you 're thinking about upgrading from the 2003 version , do n't bother . This one is equally slow -LRB- even when all of the files are fully installed on hard disks -RRB- and the content appears to be virtually the same . The interface is more attractive , but just as inefficient and difficult to use.The articles are well written , but fragmented and not as complete as one would hope.All in all , a disappointment . Judging from the other reviews on this page , that view is widely shared .
 I had previously used Jump Software 's Piano Discovery System -LRB- now out of business -RRB- . But I got a new keyboard , and thought that I would get new tutor software to go with it . Well , this was on the shelf at my local electronics superstore , and it was THE MOST EXPENSIVE package . However , I could not imagine a worse package . I would like to point out that , unlike other reviewers , I had no installation problem on WinXP Pro . First of all , this is NOT for beginners . For example , the first lesson never even tells you which hands or fingers use to use . There are ABSOLUTELY NO VIDEOS anywhere . All this program does is is load MIDI files , play them back , and grade you as you play it . That is it ! I would expect better from shareware . Even the text instructions do not tell you anything about how to read music , the difference between a half-note and a quarter-note , which fingers to use , etc. . So this was a complete waste of $ 40 ! For a point of reference , Piano Discovery System had recorded voices talk you through each lesson . It had videos of a person playing the music properly . It had a couple of games which were actually fun to play . Unfortunately , the company is out of business , and the software does not work on XP .
 Okay , I ca n't say whether version 2.0 stinks or not . I believe I may have a previous version , but ca n't say for sure . All I know is that my Magix Piano and Keyboard Workshop program did n't even install properly , since I use Windows XP . I checked the company 's web site and there is only one vague reference to this program , and no patches available . When I bought the software , it said it is for Windows OS . Copyright is year 2001 . Go figure . All I can say with certainty is to MAKE SURE YOUR OPERATING SYSTEM VERSION IS SUPPORTED IN BEFORE YOU BUY THE SOFTWARE ! Otherwise it is an abject waste of money . I wrote to Magix and informed them that I would post a negative review of their product until such time that they find someone in software development to create a patch for XP users . If anyone else out there has had better luck than me , more power to you !
 NB . Title and rating refer to me previously saying it had a faulty metronome - still does and now my other music software has but I can not be sure it 's down to loading this in particular . Could be anywhere between 1-5 depending on you own goals.Just bought this , primarily because I want to learn to sight-read and also to mental score read . The ability of this to load any MIDI file cf. rely only on a fixed built in library is what drew me to it . The other reviewers one-stars are way to harsh IMO . Once a lesson -LRB- or your own MIDI file -RRB- is loaded you can do the following using your MIDI keyboard 1 -RRB- tap out the rhythm on a single key - it indiates as you go along whether you were ahead or behind the correct note placement , stops and waits if you loose it altogether 2 -RRB- play the pitches one by one without keeping the tempo - it tells you whether you were above or below . . especially good for familiaring key signiatures , treating accidents etc 3 -RRB- combine 1 and 2 - ie . you play for real - does not seem to have a continuously variable tempo option but you can used fixed speed reduction settings for practice . You can also play either of one hand or two hand variations . All of this theoretically gives you pretty much what you need as a novice like me to begin to learn to play at the same time as building up your sight-reading skills . Get the -LRB- pretty inexpensive -RRB- SUPER SIGHT-READING SECRETS book by Howard Richman . . you can follow much of his method and this will tell you whether your doing it right or not.What others have not indicated when mentioning lack of fingering is that it includes printable copies of the lessons which include the fingering . Using sheet music rather than playing from the screen is recommended for a major factor which may be enough to put you off this ... I think you could end up developing bad reading habits as a result of reading from the screen on a regular basis . In sight reading obviously you are trying to develop the skill of reading ahead of what your actually playing . With printed music you are either scanning forward to the right , down to left as you transfer to line below or up to right as you go to a new page etc. . The only time you go up-left is with a page turn but you can not read ahead there anyway . However this setup presents only two lines of 2 measures on the screen . . say for instance bars 1-4 split in two . This is not particularly good since you can not learn to read ahead on the same line . Worse still is that rather than have 5-8 suddenly appear out of nowhere what it actually does is put 5-6 on the top line once you 've done with 1-2 -LRB- ie . you have 5,6,3,4 ! -RRB- - if you use this regularly you are continuously , and hence likely to develop eye-tracking habits of reading up to right every two bars ! . What I have not gone into as yet is how this actually copes with the loading of midi files eg . if you take a piano MIDI file will it actually place the music across the 2 hands in the way that it would appear in the original score . If you 're real beginner however you probably get value for money out of the basic lessons before you move into this area . Beware - most of the lessons are copyright free pretty bad pastiche corruptions of well known pieces like Londonderry Air , Greensleaves etc. .
 THE RATING FOR THIS PROGRAM IS ZERO STARS . I CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND WAS PUT OFF WITH NO REPLY MY HOME PHONE IS 7036854935 . WHEN I TRIED TO MAKE A BACKUP DISC MY COMPUTER SAID THAT THERE ARE ERRORS ON THE DISK . THE SAME RESPONSE WITH TWO DIFFERENT COMPUTERS . I WASTED TWO BLANK CDs . I WANT A PROGRAM DISK WITH NO ERRORS . MICROSOFT SAID THAT IT DOES NOT RECOGNISE ANY OF THE `` E '' MAIL ADDRESSES I COPIED FROM THE INSTRUCTION BOOK . THE PROGRAM HANGS UP ON WINDOWS 98 . IT MAY BE DUE TO THE ERRORS ON THE DISK REPORTED WHEN TRYING TO MAKE A BACKUP . NOT BEING ABLE TO CONTACT THE MANUFACTURER IS NOT HELPFUL . THE OTHER THREE PROGRAMS I BOUGHT FROM AMAZON ARE ALL WORTH FIVE STARS BUT I REGRET HAVING BOUGHT THE MAGIX PROGRAM .
 Very poor software and they know it . You can always tell when a software company is peddling something with little value because they make it extremely difficult to contact them . And of course the Magix.com website is a maze of misdirection and confusion.The cheaply produced manual is extremely sketchy giving you almost no information on how to operate the software and with the website offering no further assistance you are left with nothing but a useless pair of CD 's . The Guitar Instruction is nothing but white text on a blue background and there is no sound or video with the instruction section like they lead you to believe in the material on the box . The overall quality is so poor It reminded me of the old MSDOS programs from the 1980 's . If they had put as much effort into developing the product as they did in their packaging it might have worked . But they did n't and it does n't .
 Boy this is a joke , just like there other program Pictures to CD & DVD.Geting support joke no. 2 . I had to call to find out how to open the program , joke no. 3 . After you get in it 's still hard seting everything up the way you want it . Soon you learn to place your pictures then go back each time to download music and anything else you want to put into you video . When you burn a cd or dvd your pictures are printed your lose every thing else.I cant logon to onto the web sight , for what reason I do n't know . I have told everyone in the club not to buy it.I 'm looking for a program to replace this one.If it would burn your compleated project it would be great.Theres too many goofs in this program . I will sell this for S/H $ 4.00
 This is a piece of junk . The only pictures I ever could get into the product were scanned pictures . I tried every way I knew to get pictures out of Adobe Photoshop Elements 3 to burn a DVD . Forget it . Their customer service is non-existent . I just ordered Ulead Picture Show 4 . I hope it works.JRC
 Trying to burn imported files to SVCD . Every single one had a spot where the video went bad momentarily then audio and video were out of sync . You can not burn a file without running thru their encoder first and I could never get a good output file . Their tech support told me to update my VIDEO CARD drivers and windows media PLAYER codecs . Then they told me they would n't help me because I did n't meet the minimum sys requirements because I had integrated sound device instead of a separate sound card which has nothing to do with the problem . I asked for a refund and was told that I agreed to their license when I installed the software so I guess I got taken . My advice , by something else .
 I have never been able to do anything with this program without it locking up . Nothing at all . I have contacted customer service several times and they are no help at all -LRB- such useless suggestions as `` try reinstalling the program '' -RRB- . My computer exceeds all of the minimum requirements and has had no problems with other burning software . It looks like it has some really nice features , IF they worked . I exchanged the original program at the store and the second one does the exact same thing .
 This review is for Movies on CD and DVD 2005 , but since it is mostly about their tech support , I think it is relevant.My experience with Magix products as well as their technical support has been bad and I recommend avoiding them at all costs if you want to save yourself the trouble I went through.Last year I purchased Magix 's Movies on CD and DVD in hope of using it to transfer my Hi8 tapes to DVDs . I was able to capture movies and edit scenes , but the product did n't work with my DVD burner . My emails to customer support have remained unanswered to this day . In the meantime they announced a new version of the product , Movies on CD and DVD 2005 , so I decided to wait for it to come out , as their user interface and features seemed ok for what I needed.The new version finally came out in the fall of 2004 and I bought it . I tried to capture my movies then burn them on DVD . The capture went fine , and then I proceeded to automatic scene recognition . When I started the editing process I realized the preview and the cursor position on the timeline or storyboard view were out of sync . This makes editing a movie difficult if not impossible . I tried to recapture the movie , change settings etc , but nothing helped . I then decided to contact tech support.I first sent them an email explaining the problem , but after 3 days I received a reply saying that I should use the tech support submission form on the website . I went there and ran their utility which captured all my system settings and I explained the problem again and submitted my request after which I received an email with a case number.I did n't receive any reply for the next several days , so I decided to call them . A bored and annoyed guy answered and after I explained that I had sent several emails , he said that case numbers are actually not used and do n't mean anything to them . After a short discussion , his answer to my problem was that -LRB- and I paraphrase -RRB- `` this is the first time I heard about this issue , so it must be something wrong with your computer '' . Whenever I tried to bring up arguments showing that a bug in their software was a plausible possibility as well , he kept repeating the same mantra . Finally he asked me for my email address saying that he would send me an utility for gathering more info about my configuration , but I never received anything from him.I then decided to ask for a refund so I called again . I was transferred to another person in tech support who sounded more like a manager , in the sense that he was not as belligerent as the other tech support person , and after he apologized for the problem I was experiencing , he said that he would ask the developers to look into the issue , but that he could not give me a refund . He also confirmed that case numbers are useless . I decided to give them one more chance , so at his request , I resent him the email with my configuration and description of the problem . I even offered to send them my video to see if they can reproduce the problem and issue a fix After several days without a sign from them , I sent a new email asking him to confirm that he received it , and also to let me know when I would get an answer . No reply.I then decided to escalate the request and I sent an email to their public relations person in Germany where I explained again everything that happened . As you may have guessed , no reply this time either.I am still waiting for them to reply or fix my problem.Based on my experience , Magix customer service and tech support are totally useless -LRB- unless you are calling to buy something -RRB- , and customers are important to them only until they have purchased the product , afterwards they do n't matter any more .
 I read the reviews on this product before I bought it and thought that the other reviewers were just novices or computer idiots . Well , I was wrong . I have not been able to capture a video from a VCR which should be the easiest thing to do . I thougth I made some sort of mistake so I went through the tutorial a second time -LRB- it is so fast -LRB- 20 seconds -RRB- that you barely able see it -RRB- . I would strongly advise not buying this software . It is not user friendly . I appears that they just wanted to get some editing software on the market with little or no instructions on how their particular program works . I also read the reviews on CNET and people said basically the same thing.Next time I will accept the reviews .
 I 'm SO frustrated ... I downloaded the Trial Version of DC3 -LRB- to give it a try , obviously -RRB- and it allowed me to create something -LRB- pretty easily -- no complaints with version 3 -RRB- but DID N'T show the watermark that would eventually show up on the printed version !! So when I printed my masterpiece -LRB- har har -RRB- it said `` Disc Cover Trial Version '' across the label . Awesome . So now I have to go re-create the label in another program AND wasted a sheet of labels . I 'd probably buy this if I were n't so annoyed with this COMPLETE waste of my time .
 I 've purchased many a software package over the years , but this has got to be the absolute worst one of all . It is NOT user friendly . It is NOT intuitive , and the instructions are very poor . I have Disc Cover 2 , and had to buy the upgrade in order to have any functionality at all . Then , after spending many hours in trying to set it up to print a CD label , I still have not been able to create one . I have been in constant email contact with the company that wrote the software , and they have been responsive but it has been like pulling teeth . They answer one question , but do n't tell you what the next step needs to be . Then you have to ask them for that , and so on and so on . Please save yourself the money and aggravation and buy some other software , or try downloading a free one off the internet - you could not do any worse than this one .
 I ca n't get this to calibrate with my Epson Stylus Photo 1400 . I have sent numerous emails to tech support but with what they keep telling me I just keep going in circles .
 I bought this software for the sole purpose of ripping , and was sadly disappointed . I admit I 'm not the smartest man I know , but I could have sworn I did n't see anything on the product specification page , stating that this product is nothing more than a demo . So , to get to the point if you buy this program you will only get twenty rips then it will lock up till you buy the full version . Buy the full version ? Is n't that what I have . So , I wasted my time trying to figure what the hell was going on with this software . I do n't know why in the hell amazon would SELL a demo . I can understand them distributing them free , but selling them . Shame on You Amazon , Shame on YOU !
 This product is among the worst products I have ever used . The software is buggy , extremely fussy , and produces incompatible DVD 's . I 've tried this on three different Windows XP Pro computers , ranging from my home PC to my work laptop . All had similar problems.I purchased this product because of the extremely positive experiences I had with Sonic MyDVD 6 ; that product was the easiest to use and most feature rich product in its price class . I expected the same from this product.Pros : * 16:9 widescreen support * Customizable menus * Many tools can be accessed outside of MyDVD * CheapCons : * Very buggy and crashes a lot * DVD 's are not compliant * Poor compatibility with DVD writers * Extremely slow at generating/encoding DVD ` sI purchased Roxio MyDVD 9 to produce a three 40 photo slideshows and drop in 3 movie clips from my Canon camera . The main selling points of MyDVD 9 Premiere were wide-screen support , Pan & Zoom Effects for slideshows , and customizable menus.I spent over 4 hours trying to setup a single 50 picture slideshow ; it allows you to crop photos using its built-in wizard . Unfortunately , the software would freeze up after 10 crops and required me to force quit the software -LRB- losing my crops -RRB- . The work around was to crop 7-9 photos , save the project , quit , and then start over . Each time I did this , I lost about 5 minutes waiting for MyDVD to load , and then the slideshow wizard to load.The Pan Zoom Effects are mostly automated and can not really be customized . Plus , when using PZE , it refused to put chapter marks to each photo . That means you have to fast-forward through the entire slideshow to get to a particular photo , or rewind to go back a photo . Very irritating.Titles and text annotations on slideshows -LRB- i.e. a title screen -RRB- refused to save on 2 of my 3 computers . Project files would not safely copy from one computer to the next.When it came time to add the movies , it added 1 of the movies just fine , adding the vertical letterbox to the 4:3 video for display on 16:9 . The second movie it `` stretched '' to 16:9 even though the movie was 4:3 . And the last movie it refused to add , claiming it was not a valid movie file . All three files were pulled from the camera unmodified and play just fine in WMP and Quicktime . I ended up using Quicktime to reconvert the movie to another format before MyDVD would accept them.When it came time to burn the DVD , it gave me cryptic error messages . Their online help system did not have any info on the error messages and live customer support was closed around Christmas . I eventually found some forum recommendations that told me to apply a seemingly unrelated hotfix . That fixed the problems on one of my computers -LRB- other 2 kept getting the same errors -RRB- . I had to burn the DVD three times before I got a sort-of-working DVD . Each time I tried to burn the DVD , I had to wait for MyDVD to re-create my DVD -LRB- 30 minutes -RRB- . Unlike MyDVD 6 , MyDVD 9 is unable to re-use the results from a previous burn . So that means you blow the full 30 minutes on every attempt.The DVD-writer software in MyDVD always burns at 0.33 x speed despite clicking the 2x so 5 minutes of DVD content took over 15 minutes to burn . other DVD software is able to burn at full speed.The first attempt resulted in an empty DVD . Neither my PC nor DVD player could see any content on the DVD . Desperate and running out of time for Christmas dinner , I tried burning it again . I waiting another 45 minutes and ended up with a seemingly valid DVD ; try to play it on my computer and DVD player -- neither recognize it as a valid DVD -LRB- depsite having the Video_TS folder + VOB 's -RRB- . I encoding again , this time to a `` folder '' instead of a DVD-R -LRB- another 30 minutes -RRB- . I manually burned that folder to a DVD-R using Nero ; Nero complained about the DVD-VIDEO folder being non-compliant , but I could not see anything wrong with it . Burned it anyway and ended up with a DVD that 'll play on some Windows XP machines , but not on any Sony/Pioneer/Toshiba DVD players . It did play on my $ 25 Memorex blue-light special . All of these DVD 's players have read DVD-R 's produced by prior versions of MyDVD.All subsequent attempts continue to produce non-compliant DVD-Videos that will only play on a few DVD players . Still have n't figured out what 's not compliant about this DVD.The icing on the cake was when I eventually got the DVD to play . The menu items were out of order . When I pressed `` down '' on my DVD remote to advance to the next menu item , it would jump around to random items . Even though the menu items visually showed it in order , the `` down '' buttom would jump from 1 to 6 to 3 to 2 to 5 to 4 , etc.Do not buy this software ! My recommendation , find one that has a downloadable demo . My guess , Roxio discontinued Sonic MyDVD and rebranded some horrible Roxio product as MyDVD .
 This product took an hour to install on my fast gaming PC , and then I could not get it to work . I updated my DVD drive firmware , graphics card drivers , etc. , as suggested by Roxio , no dice . What a terrible piece of non-working bloatware.Then I tried Nero 7 , which installed in about 10 minutes and worked perfectly out of the box .
 My computer met ALL requirements to run this program . This program made my computer crash causing me to lose some valuable information , which I was lucky to get from a few sources . When finally installed and working , it took almost 8 hours to burn a 2 hour DVD , and this was after the editing . And after the 8 hour burn , the DVD did n't work properly on my DVD player . I wasted good money on this product only to be disappointed . I do n't think I am the only one .
 I 've made a number of DVDs in the past w / MyDVD ... part of the roxio suite . They all suck . I create Uber slideshows w / music in Adobe After Effects -LRB- for those who might now be familier , AE is PRO level software w / a PRO level price and a steep learning curve , but is Pro enough to see it 's work in A list movies -RRB- . I was in a hurry and roxio was at hand . I can figure out complex software w/o a manual . This `` stupified '' drek gave me fits trying to accomplish the simplist thing . Move a menu button ? It says click and drag . I could not make this happen . Change a button ? Where is the `` change button '' selection ? Remove cheesy background ? Not possible , I suppose , unless you create your own black background and change to that . `` Help '' is no help if the interface does not contain the items referenced . Who allows this stuff to get published ? Look online for free or trialware DVD authors instead . I 've tried a few and they are WAY better than `` Roxio '' . Roxio is crapware .
 Horrid piece of junk - none of my video files could be added because they 're supposedly `` uneditable and thus were not added to the project . '' Spent an hour trying to product a simple DVD of one video - I ca n't believe I paid money for such a BS fussy program . Have the guys at Sonic even tried using their own software ?
 I bought the other version of this and it literally stopped working within 30 minutes.The company is overpriced for cheap programs.Do not waste your money .
 Let me start off by saying we LOVE Freddi Fish ! I 've been buying these games since my now 11 year old was 2 ! I now have a 3 year old son who adores not only Freddi , but also Pajama Sam . I bought this with high hopes that it would be different than the other games , but still as fun . Boy , was I WRONG ! This game is nothing but one game , for endless levels ! It 's just little Luther , with his slingshot , popping bubbles go get worm doodles . That 's it ! FOR 100 LEVELS ! It just gets faster , and the background scenery is sometimes different , but the game is the same ! My son was heartbroken ! He worked on it faithfully for 30 minutes , hoping it would change , but it did n't . I tried it , same thing . My husband tried one last attempt this morning and also got extremely frustrated ! It 's monotonous and boring . How fun can shooting air bubbles with a slingshot get ? For one or two levels maybe , but CHANGE IT UP ! So unless you 're looking for an endless bubble-popping game , SKIP IT .
 We bought this product as a tool with which to do space planning and facilities management . We 've used other CAD programs - CadVance , AutoCAD LT 97 , AutoSketch v. 5-8 , but were looking for something more intuitive that our maintenance guys could actually use . After some research , CadPro4 seemed like a reasonable choice.We were impressed by the glitzy and professional packaging , and the promise of an online user forum and good technical support . Sold!Sadly , the reality is that there is NO user forum online , technical support is by e-mail and never have we gotten a return e-mail , and the program is unable to rotate doors and windows - a critical FAIL bug that precludes even using it . We tried loading it on another machine to see if it was some hardware interaction , but it did the same thing on both machines.Steer clear , folks - until the bugs are fixed , the program is not usable . We could forgive the lack of technical support if the program actually worked , but it does n't even do that . It just rubs salt into the wound that you ca n't even talk to them about it.Tom Curley
 I would love to say how this product performs , but we are unable to get it to download onto our computer . We got the demo CD downloaded , but the actual product ... no way . What CADpro fails to say in their ads is , there is ZERO tech support ! They have a fax number to use and an email address , but they do not answer them ! The only number we could find is if you are having trouble ordering . So , if you have money to throw away and no real use for a CAD program , let me suggest this one ! Their online forum only takes you to an order form to sign up for their newsletter . I am not at all pleased with this !
 Manual does not work in some cases . Customer Support is email only , they respond with a same `` not working '' part of the manual . Due to a poor customer support I have returned the product.Cadpro Platinum Bundle
 I have searched for reviews on the Cadpro software line and did not find very many so based on the ads and the web site I decided to order the software -LRB- Cadpro6 -RRB- . At first things went smoothly , but as I began using the skew , rotate , and fillet functions the product repeatedly crashed . I also found that the ` fill ' function occasionally did not work.Attempts to contact tech support from their web site went unanswered for over 2 weeks . After sending an e-mail stating I would file a claim and a complaint with the ICC , I received a response stating that my requests for assistance was accidentally filtered as ` spam ' and asking for more info which I responded to within a few minutes of receiving their e-mail . Again no response to date . I wonder if all requests through their web site are treated as spam?I have been using and programming software since 1984 and have never met with anything like this . If your considering a CAD program , or any program from Delta Software , you may want to look elsewhere .
 I downloaded Cadpro based on the promise of an easy to use program . They have no tutorial the manual is basically a dictionary . There is no support and nothing showing you how to use it . They have no telephone number listed and they do not respond to emails ... Worst on line experience to date . They do not issue refunds if product is downloaded !!!!! Liz
 Maybe I 'm spoiled at work with AutoCad and Visio 2007 , but I think this piece of software really needs work . I bought it to use as a item to do light work for home projects . The library looks as though an 8 year put it together.I realize that for what it costs it was n't going to be much , but this program really lacks . If this is what you get for the price I would look around for something else . I bit the bullet , put this on the shelf , and swung for Visio for my home projects . Hopefully , I can keep Visio going for some years to come.It 's too bad . My suggestion for anyone wanting to buy this dollar value level of software ? Try before you buy . I wish I had .
 I have been involved with languages all my life . I am a translator , I teach languages at a school that teaches languages , I have taught languages at an Ivy League university . I speak a number of languages extremely well from being self-taught . I am not saying this to blow my own horn but to illustrate that I am a living example of learning and teaching foreign languages.If your goal is to learn the language , function in the country , perform in everyday situations , this course does not do it . If you want to pick up just some vocabulary , I guess it would be ok , but there are other ways at a much cheaper price.Here are the major flaws of the approach :1 -RRB- Lack of real life situationsYou start out as you should , you see images , you learn through repetition , you do n't worry about grammer . But then as you progress , you begin to wonder where you will be taught about practical situations . How do I say `` Hello '' , `` Thank you '' ? How do I order in a restaurant ? How do I make a phone call ? How do I buy a new shirt ? Yes , on the surface , it makes you feel like you are covering these topics - but all you get is WORDS . As far as I can tell , you never learn how to even say , `` YOU '' to someone else , never learn to express abstract concepts like `` important '' or express opinions . You have repetitions of key words . . like an obsession of what people are wearing or whether the boy or the man or the women are running . . But how do I pay for a hotel or even say HELLO to the person at the front desk ? None of this is covered . Just sentences like , `` The girl is not wearing yellow `` 2 -RRB- The no-grammar approach does not work . Well , it works if you live in the country and are exposed to the same patterns thousands of times . NOT if you are learning on your own . Take the past tense . In Greek , it can be very complicated . Thus , we have the girl running , trekhi and then she `` ran '' - etrepsa - So how can you ever learn how to get the right verb stem for a verb ? You are given just a few examples of this . Other topics are brought up quickly but give the learner no basis to ADAPT the knowledge.What if I want to say , `` I sang '' instead of she `` ran '' - there is no basis to apply the knowledge .3 -RRB- Complete and utter lack of any cultural context . Let 's just translate univerally translatable phrases into all of the languages we do . This could take place in any country . I absolutely do not have a problem with the fact that the people shown are not Greek but a diverse , multi-ethnic community but what I do mind is that there is nothing about Greek life , nothing about Athens or Greek culture , none of the realia of Greek life . The French course can be exactly like the Greek course , except for the translation .4 -RRB- Feeling of detatchment . You feel that you are describing a world on a screen . The women are eating ! The hat is yellow ! But you never learn how to feel a part of what you are doing , that you are the language too . You never get a view of what Greek people think , never have a way to express your own emotions , never feel invited to step in and create your own sentences in a real-life dialogue .5 -RRB- Dealing with foreign characters . I knew some Greek before I started , so I was able to read . But , um , what if this is completly new . How do you get help learning how to read a different alphabet?All in all , disappointing .
 Even after reading about issues with XP from other reviewers , I decided to go with Mavis Beacon simply because the competing typing software is even worse . I also could not believe that Broderbund would be this outdated - or misleading.Wrong . This product will not install under Windows XP SP2 . AutoPlay brings up an unresponsive installer , prompting an error report every time . The Start > Run command -LRB- recommended by the install instructions -RRB- results in absolutely nothing.So I installed it on my aging Windows ME system , and it ran without a problem.Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing 16 Deluxe is probably the only thing Windows ME can do better than XP .
 Try Typing Master at http://www.typingmaster.com/default.aspI had `` Typing Tutor '' software but it was n't improving my speed nor accuracy . Just by luck I found this software product on the Net , and bought the Pro Trainer . It is downloadable and for little extra , you can get a hard copy , which I do recommend buying.The software first tests you , and then focuses on your weaknesses through a variety of exercises . There are also games to play to better your typing skill.I increased my speed and accuracy by 10 points , which at the time was a much-needed skill for me . I never tried this product , so I really have no rating . Unfortunately I am unable to post unless I rate it first . I gave it 1 star because per the other reviews below , it obviously is not compatible to XP , and Typing Master is.Pro Trainer is more expensive but worth it if you really want results . There is a cheaper version for about the same price as what was paid for this product .
 Software locked-up Windows XP . On the Broderbund support site the company explains that the software was written for an older version of Windows and is not XP compatiable . They list procedures that may allow the software to work if running under the compatability mode . However , the box says the software was written for XP . If Broderbund 's packaging labels on this product are misleading then what about their other products.If you are running XP use something else .
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 I have never attempted to learn touch-typing before . At first this program was great . It gradually walked me through a few letters with the left hand , then a few on the right , then some untimed practice , a few new letters and so on . Then it stopped giving enough time to practice and I had to be fast at keys I was still trying to learn . It 's been exceedingly frustrating.There is some great stuff here . I 'm able to type this review without looking at the keyboard , after only a few hours of training with this course . It looks like I 'll be able to learn what I need from this tool , but it is a whole lot more painful than it needs to be . I have to believe that there are better tools out there . I 'd recommend a little reasearch ... There are lots of lesson/practice options but navigating the UI and finding what you want is very unintuitive.The UI is low res and profoundly frustrating . In most modes , most of the menus are greyed out and you ca n't select them . You often have to exit to the main screen to get where you want to go . In most cases there is no `` back '' button so exiting to the main screen is frequently required.In nutshell
 Clearly , Broderbund always sinks their budget into marketing , not software development . What do you end up with ? Vaporware.Do not pay over $ 19 and it should be worth the money .
 This program hijacked my computer . On start-up , it opens multiple windows , including an internet connection and registration window -LRB- despite my having already registered -RRB- . I feel like I paid for a virus program.The logical follow-up was to contact Broderbund tech support at the e-mail address provided . There was an automatic reply that gave a general response -LRB- as in generally dismissive -RRB- to my query and stated I would not get any further reply . This was extremely frustrating.I purchased the program for my wife , who is not a power user on the computer . She likes the typing program , however , the start-up issues are difficult to get around . I am going to attempt to re-install it and hope for an improvement .
 First off , I am a long time MB user . -LRB- yes , you would think my typinng would be better by now ... -RRB- : -RRB- The program will run on a Mac , but in full screen ONLY and there is no way to `` window '' it.The graphics are from 1990 's at best.A few bugs around , like not taking you were you click to go to.Perhaps it 's only the mac ver . that is this lame . But lame it is .
 MB Deluxe 16 will only run under an administrator user account . Borderlund should not be selling this product for OS X until they correct this problem .
 I bought this product because I have a Palm IIIxe and wanted a GPS system I could use while traveling . Boy was I disappointed !! The bundled StreetFinder Deluxe 2000 PC software lacks sufficient detail to be useful . -LRB- It could n't find my own address , while other software - notably Microsoft 's Street & Trips - has no problem . -RRB- Whole neighborhoods are missing ! You can download little subsets of your maps to the Palm , but because the PC software lacks detail , the Palm version really leaves a lot out to save on memory space . Going to Rand McNally 's website does n't help - there does n't seem to be a way to upgrade the maps , so you 're stuck with what you have -LRB- which is n't much . -RRB- I also had problems with the GPS . It is suppose to work on its own battery when fully charged , but I can only get it to work with the Palm when it is plugged into the cigarette lighter . When the GPS does work , the Palm StreetFinder software and downloaded map crashes a lot , requiring a complete system reset on the Palm -LRB- not fun to do while you 're driving . -RRB- You also have to go through the Palm menu system to enable/disable the GPS -LRB- not fun while you 're driving and the GPS is mounted to your windshield ! -RRB- I would really stay away from this product , save your money , and look elsewhere . This does n't live up to the claims . Rand McNally should just stick with paper maps .
 The Steeetfinder mapping software continually caused a fatal error on my PC so that I was not able to generate a map to download to my Palm IIIxe . I downloaded the sample may to my Palm , and it caused an error.I love the idea of the GPS mapping - but ca n't get this unit to work .
 Do n't buy it ! I was first attracted by its fancy look and product description . But I 'm totally disappointed at the quality of it after the first use . First , the StreetFinder Deluxe 2000 PC software is like a Windows 3.1 application , hard to use and almost without any documentation . Second , StreetFinder connects to the Internet to get the route direction and draws it on the map . Wierdly enough , each time I ask for the direction from my place -LRB- Arlington , VA -RRB- to downtown DC , it returns me several connected straight lines that do n't fall on any existing roads , which makes it a `` mission impossible '' . Third , If the destination is more than 50 miles away , the route info will exceed the memory of my PalmIIIe -LRB- 2MB -RRB- . Fourth , I used it only once , but did n't follow its direction . The GPS system lost its mind totally , not even being able to resume even after I came back to its recommended route . I returned it 2 days after I purchased it . If you get money to burn and want to pay more for less , buy it .
 Although it looked very promising , I found this product disappointing to say the least . The instructions are virtually non-existent . You are on your own when it comes to figuring out to make it work -LRB- I 'm very good at this stuff , and I have n't been able to get it going . Also , if your Palm Pilot IIIe is relatively full of data , you 'll never have enough memory to run this program . It might work alot better with a Palm Pilot IIIxe . Rand McNally should know better . This is like putting out an atlas without legends or an index .
 been working on this GPS for about 2 full days , it did work for about 15 mins halfway into the first day but then crashed with a fatal alert blitter.c.line 4867 unimplemented then demands a reset . tried everything , including updated verisons of palm 3.5 , hotsync , and streetfinder2000 patch I am able to get it to crash much quicker now -LRB- before it took 25 mins of looking for a gps connection before it would crash -RRB- the program crashes anytime you zoom , move the screen , or try to use the GPS I do like the nice neat compact design that snaps to the palm , but this does not do me anygood if it wont work .
 Do not buy this GPS . It is a nightmare of craftsmanship . Not only it takes years to lock on to satellites , it loses signal quite often . The street finder software is good for nothing . It generates huge maps and takes long times . The physical properties of this GPS are not good either . It is made of soft plastic that breaks with minor stress . Mounting a plam on a GOS is not a good idea . When the car moves , using stylus becomes quite a challenge . Deserves zero star .
 People attempting to use this thing while driving should have to mount flashing strobes on top of their vehicle . I bought this thing last year -LRB- when it was already a few years old -RRB- to use with my IIIxe . Why ? Because I 'm an impulse buying gadget freak . I should have researched more . I only paid -LSB- money -RSB- , as I ordered it new from the marketplace sellers ... but sadly , it 's not even worth that.The software does n't seem to play nice with 98SE or XP ... it seems to have a limit on the number of commands you can issue before it crashes out ... completely wiping the map you spent an hour customizing . On the Palm , the maps are hard enough to read sitting on the couch ... reading them in the car takes some serious visual acuity ... we 're talking some breed of hawk , here . I had to ask my girlfriend to drive around town just so I could fiddle with the device from the passenger seat.I do n't think I 've used it since that day . It just takes up room in my glove compartment . And lastly , no ... this thing will not fit in your pocket . Maybe if you frequently carry VHS tapes around in your jeans you wo n't notice ... but I can barely stand my Palm in my pocket by itself . The GPS adds a few inches and about half a pound to the package.If you really want a GPS , you 'll be willing to spend the money on a real one . Stay away from this thing . Just go tear up some money if you have the urge to order it ...
 I have now had the GPS for the Palm III for a month and still not able to make it work ! Help desk is only open M-F 8-5 and thus not able to call to get much help as you need to be outside and talk to them to see if it is working.The first thing I had to do after loading the software on the computer was to download an update to the software . Still have never been able to make it work . Instructions are very poor.Guess this Is why there are only 2.5 stars !
 This software does NOT work with all versions of Mac -- will not install , and tech support pretty much non-existent -LRB- by phone -- no toll-free # and an endless series of holds ; by email -- irrelevant responses -RRB- . Probably an outstanding program for some , but a huge disappointment to this Mac owner .
 Could n't get it to run AT ALL on recently purchased MacBook with 2GB of RAM and updated OS .
 On OS X 10.3 , it worked when we installed it and has refused to run since then . No customer support we can find . I do n't feel bad criticizing them because encoresoftware.com , listed in their troubleshooting guide , is n't even on the web any more . Why are they selling this crap in the Apple Store?And the interface design is laughably bad . It took us quite a while to find the lessons -- they 're under `` Typing Tournament ''
 I found this program very annoying , and difficult to navigate . Both of my kids hate it as a typing instructor . They played around with it for a few minutes and then got bored . Menu selections and options are hard to find . This program is not user friendly .
 It 's not getting very good reviews from me . The thing does not work -- wo n't load on my computer == and I 'm trying to return it . Not getting very good response from amazon about return procedures either .
 Even if the lessons are well arranged , my 7-year old refused to progress past lesson 3 - the sounds are `` baby-ish '' and `` annoying '' and if you turn them off , you lose the benefit of the instruction . You 're basically stuck with the sound track and may be forced , like me , to look for another typing software ...
 This is a horrible typing program . A child could never use it alone , largely because there is endless `` lead-in '' to every game that is not obviously avoided . When one finally gets to the lesson , there is nothing exciting or motivating . It 's not really a game to teach typing , it 's really just a set of typing activities that just happen to have a cartoon character in the background . A real bore .
 -LRB- UPDATE
 I had to purchase this software for a class in my masters program . It does n't do much more than the free image programs that came preloaded on my computer . I rarely use it now that my class is over . I use the full version of Photoshop at my job so it was pretty annoying to find that it was n't similar to the full version at all . It was like using a completely different brand of software . And the photo manager that came with it was pretty annoying too . Advanced users will probably be annoyed by the program , but it is fairly simple enough for moderate computer users . If you already have image editing software on your computer you might as well stick with what you have . If you do n't have anything at all , this program does get the job done . I would n't have bought it if I did n't have to have it for class . Although I did n't use the scrapbooking stuff that came with it , it did look like it had some cute ideas for making photo albums .
 I got this camera because I wanted a cheap way of taking photos of some items I own for online auctions . My plan was to take photos of only static objects in well-lit areas so I would n't have to worry about the quality of the resulting pictures . Unfortuntely , the quality of photos ended up being so poor that no amount of photoshop editing could help and I ended up returning the product.It 's definitely a cute camera and it feels and handles beautifully , unfortunately , it fails at its main purpose , which is taking at least decent -LRB- or at least recognizeable -RRB- images . A better choice is to save up some cash and get one of the neat digital Elphs by Canon -LRB- great quality photos , cute and slick , and handles great -RRB- .
 This camera 's picture quality is deplorable at any resolution . I should have figured this out from its .3 or so megapixels . But this is n't the worst thing about it
 the size is really nice , but it ends there . the picture quality is very grainy along with the video , no amount of settings could fix that . not worth the amount of money , spend a little more and get a better webcam . my 20 dollar webcam has better picture quality then this guy .
 For twenty dollars , I 'd expect the item to work at least more than a week . Seriously , invest in some other product . I returned this item ; a new one was sent . The second one broke in less time than the first . Seriously negative recommendation ? Yes.Amazon was really great about getting the merchandise replaced though . 5 stars for Amazon . Negative stars for this product .
 Ugh ! I suppose this camera would be great if it worked . I bought it , and before I even installed the software , it broke . I guess if you have faith your 's will work , go ahead and buy it . As for me , I 'm looking for a better camera , and I might even splurge a bit .
 I received this camera as a promotion and it has never worked . I went to the company 's website and requested technical support ... that was over a month ago and I still have not heard from them - not even a follow up . It is JUNK !!
 Once you get this camera your going to wish you spent the extra money to pay for real camera . It takes good pictures out side and terrible pictures inside , it does n't have a flash so do n't expect to see anything . After I got this camera I bought the Kodak EasyShare CX6200 . Which is a better camera and just about 50 bucks more . So spend the extra dough and get a better camera . You 'll be disappointed when you get it . Basically you get what you paid for 26 bucks for a digital camera , Come on Get Real
 I got this camera for free with my Lexmark printer , so I ca n't complain about the price . It is very compact , lightweight , and simple - perfect for `` aerial surveillance '' . I mounted it on my R/C powered sailplane to take aerial photos . Unfortunately , I set it to look through the prop . It looks like the pix were taken through venetian blinds ! I revised the setup so it looks straight down , and that works ok . It just takes some fancy maneuvering to take a pic . Picture quality is pretty bad , but it can also be used as a webcam , video cam , and for stills . The manual -LRB- on CD in several languages -RRB- is remarkably good .
 This is the worst camera I have ever bought . As soon as I replaced the battery the thing went dead . The pictures were decent but the quailty of the camera is awful !!
 I bought this item thinking it might be fun to have a webcam that doubles as a handy digital camera . It was cheap enough , so I ignored the bad reviews for this item . And now here I am giving my own bad review.The quality of the images you capture with this camera -LRB- as a webcam or a digital still camera -RRB- is just plain horrible . Everything turns out very fuzzy and color washouts everywhere . As a webcam , it 's quite difficult to position this thing . You 'd have to come up with your own make-shift stand of somesort.If you 're looking for an affordable webcam , look somewhere else . This one 's a horrible lemon . I 've learned my lesson the hard way . Shopping for a new webcam right now .
 I am a teacher and was looking for a program to make a calendar for my students to keep track of assignments , etc. . This is not the product . It is extremely inflexible , has very few options , and is basically useless .
 Zap!Chess is an engine that uses the same GUI as Fritz 9 and Hiarcs 10 and , like them , has the million game database , the free one-year subscription to Playchess -LRB- to play chess on the Internet -RRB- , training functions plus a host of other useful features . BUT so do Fritz 9 and Hiarcs 10 and they have infinitely stronger engines and are much more useful for analysis . Zap!Chess won the world computer championship last year under the name Zappa -LRB- though it will certainly not win this year -RRB- but it was a multi-processor version on much the most powerful computer in the tournament . Anthony Cozzie , the author of Zap!Chess , deserves credit for taking a very average program and getting it to run very fast and efficient searches on a powerful computer , but the fact is that the engine offered for sale here is very average indeed on an ordinary PC . It is in ninth place in the respected CSS rating list for chess programs - a long way behind other ChessBase engines such as the splendid Fritz and Hiarcs in strength of play and more than 200 Elo points behind the top engine . It is equally far behind as a tool for analysing games.So if you do not own a ChessBase program go out and buy either Fritz 9 or Hiarcs 10 - or both . If you possess one of these programs then you can download various UCI engines from the Internet and use in the Fritz/Hiarcs interface . These include Rybka 1.0 beta , Toga 1.2 beta 2a and Spike 1.1 , all of which are stronger than Zap!Chess are are free!ChessBase produces a large range of wonderful chess programs , which can be highly recommended , but Zap!Chess is not one of them.An added comment on 6 July
 I bought this software for my Mac and only two of the four titles will work . While it says this on the box it did not say it in the item description . If you are looking for this type of software you are better off going to the Apple store or directly to the manufacturer of these types of products .
 This is an excellent program . My daughter uses it at school and loves it . However , when I installed it on her laptop -LRB- she has a limited user account under Windows XP Service Pack 2 . -RRB- , I received an error message `` Could not create file for system settings . '' I went to the Broderbund website and found a technical note -LRB- ID
 I looked forward to plunging in and getting my typing up to speed . The program sounded great ! After I purchased the software and pulled half my hair out looking for a solution in the documentation and online I finally resorted to a long wait on hold to get to a tech . According to him , this program wo n't work on a wide aspect ratio screen ! Now after all that exhaustive searching , one would think that a tid-bit like that might show up somewhere . As these screens are becominig very common , I suggested that information like that should be included somewhere . For the time being it is a closely held secret .
 My son and I had been using Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Version 12 , making progress and having zero technical difficulties . What a great program that one is -- especially in comparison to Version 16 . Version 16 has numerous glitches . It frequently bumps my ten-year old son out of his lesson back into the classroom . You can imagine how this infuriates someone , particularly a little boy . Little things annoy also , like having 3 spaces after a period when I adjust the settings for 2 . The music comes on after i 've adjusted the settings for no music , etc.The most infuriating of all is the lack of product support . No phone support , almost hostile voice on phone advising me that my call is being terminated when I chose a software support option . Constant referal to the online support website , which does not have an item corresponding to the problems we are experiencing . And careless response to my email.Big disappointment after Version 12 was so great and funcitonal . We are looking at other software now and will no longer give enthusiastic recommendations for Mavis Beacon as we have in the past .
 I 'm a Mac user and it is beyond me how this program is ranked number one . Horrible graphics , lame GUI and finding support ... good luck.You have been warned ... DO NOT BUY THISMavis Beacon v16 equals complete junk !
 I read the previous reviews about the problems people were having , however , I bought the program anyway , hoping I would be one of the lucky ones . No such luck . I have seen other Mavis Beacon programs so I knew it was exactly what I wanted . For a while , it was . The program taught me all the basic keys , but , then it quit acknowledging my success . No matter how perfect I do the lessons , it WILL NOT move on and keeps making me review the same lesson . The same problem another reviewer wrote about earlier . I have looked everywhere for a fix , but , can not find one . I have removed/reinstalled the program , tried everything I could think of . To say I am discouraged and frustrated is an extreme understatement . I am sure I would have given it 5 stars had the program continued as it began . However , it is terribly lame to buy a typing program that fails to provide typing lessons : -LRB-
 This is one of the very few companies that provides no technical suport at all . Do not buy it !!
 Avoid this product . Broaderbund has n't done a decent update on this product . I guess they have n't heard of Windows . To boot it or leave it you have to click on one button after another through 2 screens and you ca n't move between it and other programs . What is with that?Why ca n't your computer just remember who you are and where you are in the program unless instructed otherwise when you hit the Mavis button ? After all it is a computer!I do n't know what else is out there but I would n't buy this again . Two thumbs down !
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 One reviewer says that Mavis Beacon 16 has n't discovered Windows . I concur . Running 16 Network on Windows 2000 P4 and it runs dog slow . What is it doing ? Re-sort a progress report with 25 students by clicking on a column tab and the program goes out to lunch . Not to mention that it takes over the computer like it was DOS -LRB- maybe it is running DOS -RRB- . It has some odd launcher program . THe instructions are measly and miserly . No instructions on how to setup on a network until you read the technical notes . Wrong place buddy . That stuff belongs in the primary docs , like a Getting Started section . I agree `` run from this '' . Find something better .
 My Treo 700P locks up every time I try to install it . I found this tech note , not in Broderbund tech support , but in Encore 's -LRB- parent corp. -RRB- web site
 Publisher said only Mavis Beacon Version 15 & 16 DVD had Dvorak keyboard tutorial . Did not find Dvorak on it except a reference . No tutorial . Not for Mac.My opinion is buy only latest which I think is 20 or near latest . Only for PC . All earlier versions should be scrapped.This thread will take you to a free tutorial that seems excellent for my Mac . It may do well on PCs , too . -LSB- ... -RSB- I paid only about $ 4 for a new DVD Version 16 , not much change from 15 , they say . With shipping was only about $ 8 . I will scrap my version 16 . Latest versions are great for PCs .
 I got new Sony Vaio with Windows VIst . When I tried to install MBTT 16 it cted like there ws no CD in the drawer .
 -LSB- WHY OH WHY , DIDN '' T THEY LEAVE IT ALONE ? IF IT AINT BROKEN , DO N'T TRY TO FIX IT ! -RSB- I have since had Mavis Beacon -LRB- Version No. 8 -RRB- so imagine my suprise when I tried out version 15.0 ! It 's amazing ! I agree with everything that the previous reviewer has said , -LSB- THEY LIKED IT ! -RSB- and so will you . I guarentee it . With each lesson , I found my typing skills and speed impoved so much that I no longer spend too many hours on the computer in the chat rooms , one touch finger typing through to the middle of the night . -LSB- OMG!I HAVE IMPROVED ! -RSB- Hubby no longer moans -LSB- YEAH , RIGHT -RSB- that I 'm always on the computer and my back no longer aches from excessive bending over the keyboard . All in all , it is a brilliant programme , with lots of useful tools and lessons for raising your awareness to those common pitfals of typing . With immediate results and an instant Words Per Minute result , you can not miss out . Think of that job promotion ! Think fast - type fast , and sucess will be yours!I wrote the above in 2004 , when computers were obviously not so awkard or complicated . Or should I say , when simple programmes were easy to use and worked fine?Either way , I did n't buy this version ! The warnings from the other reviewers were enough to convince me it was NOT worth parting with any of my hard earned cash for these updates.I can think up plenty of ways to render my computer useless -- but paying for the privilege ? No , thanks !
 There is practically no substantial difference between version 15 and 16 UNLESS you get the deluxe version of 16 . Then you have a few more games . I did find 16 for $ 4 . but had to pay $ 5 shipping/handling for each copy -LRB- even though it came in one package ! -RRB- . They should just put the price at $ 9 . and I would n't have been so irritated . Still , do n't bother getting version 16 unless you get the Deluxe , IMHO .
 I began using 3D Home Architect years ago and found I could do most anything I wanted with version 4 deluxe . Then I tried this POS , which is as user-hostile as any program I 've ever encountered . Not intuitive , takes ages to set up defaults to make it do what you want it to do , pitiful documentation and tech support , not able to import plans from previous versions -LRB- even using the industry standard DFX files - but the did warn me -RRB- . Version 4 and earlier were written by Chief Architect ; later versions by Punch Software . Go try something by CA , like Better Homes & Gardens Home Designer . The only reason I gave this product 1 star is because there is no lower rating !
 This is the first review I have ever written for Amazon , and I did n't even buy the product through Amazon , but I was so moved because this product is the absolute worst ! I bought an earlier version about 10 years ago and found it somewhat cumbersome and restrictive , but gave it another shot thinking that some significant improvements might be made . WRONG ! Added complexity that is less limitting to creativity , but added nonsense as well t hat makes it too cumbersome for the non-professional . If you 're looking to design your dream house , use a pencil and graph paper -- or another company 's product !
 I bought this to try to do some easy interior decorating and layouts -- basically to see how to best put my furniture in a new apartment and figure out what color to paint the walls etc. . But the software is NOT intuitive at all ; you really have to spend a lot of time learning how to use it before you can do any little thing . Then I thought there would be a sample of a living room that I could just open and edit , but no -- there are only sample interiors for a kitchen , bathroom , and bedroom . Also , the paint samples are quite limited , and I could not figure out how to customize the colors . To top it off , all the styles offered -LRB- things like furniture fabrics -RRB- are like Goodwill rejects
 I began using 3D Home Architect when it first hit the market . It had an easy to use windows based interface , but was somewhat limited . For instance it had no ability to incorporate a roof into a design . Still , for the money it was very powerful.Over the years , I upgraded . I was never disappointed . 3DH continued to get better.Then Broderbund released version 5 . What a mess . Fixtures would not snap to walls , but rather spin in uncontrollable directions , or attach to the center of a wall . Roof sections would disappear . Most frustrating was the disappearing floors . When a floor disappears , you MUST start the entire project over as floors , once removed , can not be replaced . For some reason the floors would disappear just as you were finishing up a project.For every productive hour spent on version 5 , 10 were entirely wasted fighting with fixtures and disappearing structures.After several weeks , I called Broderbund for an explanation . How could such a great program become so useless . I was informed that 3DH was being reworked by a new team of programmers . They were aware of the issues and they assured me that version 6 had all the bugs sorted out . Of course they did n't offer me a discount or refund on a produce they knew was defective.Rather than fixing version 6 , they fixed nothing . As far as I can tell , they simply reprinted the box . I called again . They insisted that it was all three of my computers , and three others I tried it on . Even if this is free , it is n't worth the waste of time .
 In a word . CRASH !! The only thing good was Amazon gave me a full refund.Dont waste your time on it .
 Difficult to use , many small annoyances . It is possible to get a good design but just not worth the frustration . Prior Home Architect 3 user and I would much prefer that if it was a little more flexible . Like another user said -- BHG is the upgrade after v4 of 3DHA . Ca n't import either from v3 .
 I wrote a review under the ` Special Edition ' of 3D HA . I bought this when it was $ 60 . I hated it . It was n't nearly as usable as earlier versions , and through all the years it has been out , has declined in functionality , rather than improved . I still ca n't create a simple roof in my design with this product . Does n't do any landscaping -LRB- like different level entries -RRB- . I would not buy this software .
 Very basic program . Would purchase again if price was $ 20.00 or less just for the basic house layout .
 Do n't waste your money , this program is very limited and for beginers hard to navigate . I gave up on it , it 's in the trash , broke out the old drawing board and have my new house half completed . Thanks for nothing Broderbund .
 I was an avid v3 user . I loved v3 because I could get going so quickly . All you had to do was create a rough outline of a floorplan , and then it was easy to slide walls around to match proper dimensions . Rooms were automatically created with via contiguous walls.Version 6 is FAR behind this . I 've been trying to create a simple floorplan that I got into v3 in about 30 minutes . I 've been trying for hours now , and the most simple tasks are impossible . The default snap puts dimensions at 1/4 '' snaps . I 'm trying to make a 12 ' wall , for example . Sliding my mouse pointer , I can choose 11 ' 113/4 '' , and the next stop available is 12 ' 03/4 '' . This sort of behavior is very common . Next , I 'd like to define the height of walls in a room . Rooms are not defined , however . I can install a `` ceiling '' object.The bottom line is that this software has put me way behind , and it just is n't worth trying to use . All of the intuitiveness of 3.0 is gone .
 Regardless of the quality of this product , I do n't recommend it because there is no support . `` Technician-assisted telephone and e-mail support are no longer available . '' I installed the product and noticed that it installed AOL on my machine -LRB- without my knowledge -RRB- . When I went to delete AOL I saw that neither it nor 3D Home Architect itself were on the list of programs that I could remove . When I went to the website to ask about this problem , I found that they provide no support , not even for a fee .
 This is not a true update from version 4 but a completely new program . If you want the true updated verson try `` Better Homes and gardens Home Designer '' products by Chief Architect , they were the makers of `` 3D Home Architect version 4 and earlyer . I purchased 3D Home Architect version 5 , and it was very hard to use I ca n't imagine that this will be better .
 a software program called Floorplan . I like version 4.0 a heck of alot better . Im glad I only tried the trial version . Im very disappointed with 6.0 . the rendering takes forever and the graphics are ` nt as good as version 4.0 or as good as Punch architectural series 18 . Do n't waste your money on the version .
 I bought this thing the other day -LRB- through another retailer -RRB- . Like others , I was expecting it to be an update to previous versions . Like others , I was surprised to find that it was a completely new program , and would n't even import files created by older versions of 3D Home Architect ... of which I have several.Even if you do n't have any old files to import , ask yourself whether you want to deal with a company that takes this attitude toward its customers . It takes a pretty obnoxious marketing drone to put the name of an established program on an entirely different one , and leave existing customers with no upgrade path . If they 'll do it to us , they 'll do it to you ...
 After years of using the previous 3D Architects , with great success , I assumed version 6 was , as they offered , an upgrade . Wrong ! It 's a completely new program without the ability to import files from early versions . A real let down since I often go back to older files for designs . Futhermore , getting support is a joke . You just get the run around with the automated services . This will be the last Broderbund software I buy . After all , if they do it to 3D , why not Print Shop , or one of the others ?
 I would not have bought this product if it was n't necessary to share house layout/design plans with my electrician 's office.Our PC is Windows 2000 Pro.Why do I not like it ? - It 's hard to put a half-wall up -LRB- I had to elevate it from the floor below -RRB- - Most importantly it crashes frequently . If I have a 2 or more models open , and then I re-open the model that you 're not viewing currently , it crashes . Now , I `` wised '' up a little and go to the `` Window '' menu to see if I have the model opened yet before trying to open it up again . This was n't the only time it would crash , although the only sequence of events that I could reproduce the program crash with.We already had the Punch ! Architectural Series . And I have never , ever had the program crash or found it difficult to layout items as necessary . It also has many more options for walls/doors/furniture / landscaping/etc .
 Did not like this software . Very hard to use and time consuming . Could not get it to do a lot of what I wanted . Limited on type of roof and length of house . I did not think it was very user friendly .
 Altering dimensions in this version is cumbersome and produces strange results . Changing the outer dimensions of a fireplace for some strange reason multiplied the doors with the fire behind them times six ! Every time I try to built some kitchen cabinets the program crashes . I do n't even get to see the cabinets much less use them . What 's the point ? This product has totally gone down hill ! A total waste of money !!!
 Easy to use with a reasonable user interface . For a one story home with four walls it 's probably fine . But modeling my small , 100 year old midwest farm house was FAR beyond it 's capabilities . After adding the second floor I started to ad an addition - crash . After applying all the suggestions from their on-line help the results were - crash . I move from my midsize laptop to my gonzo tower PC . The results ? Crash . I recreated the floor plan - crash.Completely worthless for a complex design.I bought the CD used so I did n't pay much but it still was n't worth it .
 My wife and I are in the beginning stages of a home remodel and addition . We wanted something to kick around a few ideas before going to a professional architect . If you are looking to do the same or something similar , Do n't Bother with this program . It loads fine and you can get started right away . But the program will not operate after that . The program is just full of bugs and start up issues . I 've unistalled , reinstalled , and repaired all with the same result . Do n't waste your time or money !
 If your house is on a perfectly level plot this may be useful . However I found it extremely disappointing . It does n't complete exterior walls on the dormer section . I simply wasted my money on this software .
 i had the first version of this product for years . i bought this version thinking it would be better & do more . on the contrary , it does n't do as much as 1.0 , has less versatility and is far more difficult to use . to make matters worse , customer support is non existent !! great going guys . .
 I bought this yesterday and it is going back today . It claims you can create contractor-ready plans . It does not say that it only supports angled roofs at a fixed 20 & 40 degree pitch . That being said , I was probably expecting too much for a $ 70 CAD software package .
 I regret ever buying this collection of loops . I was so excited when I first seen this product , thinking I can finally have steel and lap steel guitar in my songs . Wrong , these loops are about impossible to use in songs . They are very bland licks and they are very limited . There are not very many loops to choose from and they are not tempo friendly if you are trying to adjust them . The guitar licks do not sound country at all and the bass is very weak . Do not waste your money on this product .
 There are definitely some samples I can use on this set , but my biggest complaint is that the files are not acidized . Because of this , I had to do a lot of chopping up and time stretching of the loops included . I 'm glad I bought this on Amazon , however , because I really do n't feel that the loops are worth the retail price of $ 50 . You can find free legal -LRB- and sometimes acidized -RRB- loops all over the internet . Some of those would be worth more if a price tag was attached to them .
 I was initially excited to obtain this collection of Math cd 's after reading the positive reviews . Intended to brush up on my math aptitude and be used by a younger home school family member . I started with the Algebra I CD and to my dissatisfaction , the complete format of the program , designed to teach/explain the problems , confused me and I am a college graduate . The audio voice that would go through the problems would talk to fast and no pause button is available to stop at certain points of the speedy and quick lecture . -LRB- Not a big deal , but it bugged me -RRB- This was not at all what I expected and desired . I was hoping for a study guide that would go step by step and explain WHY and WHAT was being done . I actually have an OLD Algebra I CD from about 10 years ago that is much better than this 2005 edition . My advice to anyone considering buying this item as a study guide would be to look elsewhere and quite possibly stick with books . Sure this CD set provides math problems and solutions , but the explanation and understanding is totally inadequate .
 Lots of math content but the slow interface and choppy voice reminds you of an early 90 's program . Turn the speaker down or leave it up and pretend you are on your old 386 pc . I think I will stick with text books .
 This software sets up a virtual CD/DVD drive on your computer rendering your original CD/DVD drive useless unless you have the software running . Your computer will crash if you put a CD or a DVD in the original drive.This software is BAD , BAD , BAD !!!!!
 I bought Instant CD/DVD as a cheap authoring solution and regretted it since installation . The software crashes repeatedly and I have yet to successfully burn a home-movie DVD!I did some checking and found reports on the net and even in Pinnacle 's own user forums from other owners experiencing similar problems . Pinnacle have limited drive compatibility lists on their site - at the very least you should check your burner is on it before you even consider purchasing this software . Other owners list issues with XP SP2 also.After flogging this dead horse for 2 months , I have given up , put it down to experience and bought Nero 6.0 instead ... and was able to author a movie DVD inside of an hour with no problems !
 There are lots of free ware better than this , do n't wast your money .
 I have been using McAfee for the past 5 years since I Symantec came up with such a lousy product that it almost had me reinstall my OS . I was happy with McAfee until this verion where they tosses all consideration for the user aside and decided they know best what to do with your computer.Examples :1 . They pre-set the scheduled scan which is so difficult to stop . It takes over your computer and would not let you stop the scan in progress . Once you have stopped it , it is very difficult to figure out how to change the settings to not scan again .2 . Every time you need to do something in the software it will try to ` gather ' the current security information . This takes a over 15 seconds and it very very annoying .3 . You ca n't do anything useful from the system tray icon . Would it have killed these guys to have a menu item to stop the current scan in progress ? 4 . When the automatic download of updates starts , it takes up so much of your computer resources and takes about 3 minutes to finish .
 I bought this because my McAfee VS was about to expire , and this way I had the CD , and besides it saved me $ 10 over an online re-registration . Whoa , too bad dude ! As soon as I paid on Amazon , they drop-shipped the order over to McAfee , then I got a nice unsolicited e-mail from McAfee . `` Dear McAfee customer . We noticed your registration was about to expire , so we used your credit card on file , and re-registered for you ! A charge of $ 49 will appear on your next credit card statement . Have a nice day . `` So I called McAfee and asked who authorized re-registration . `` Oh , we just do that as a convenience to our best customers . `` Lying sack of camel muff.So I told them to un-re-register me , and destroy my credit card file , and never pretend they were doing a service by unsolicited re-registration . A few days later , my VS +2007 CD arrived.I waited for my current VS 8.5 i registration to expire , then uninstalled the old McAfee files , and tried to install VS +2007 , -LRB- which says v 7.0 i -RRB- . Oh , it installed alright , but now my computer locks up tight as a drum.Thanks , McAfee ! Can you spell B-A-I-T A-N-D S-W-I-T-C-H ? Use your head , do n't get burned . If you already have McAfee , just re-up online , and do n't buy this CD . It 's a -LRB- hrrrip-off -RRB- loss-leader gimmick . -LRB- I will say nothing gets thru McAfee 's VS , it 's a pretty good product . -RRB-
 Folks I used Norton system works a couple of years ago , then I decided to switch to this McAfee stuff only to hate its anoying bell rings and some other things etc. . Then somebody on a online chat room told me about AVG anti virus and the anti-virus is free to download and stays updated . If you think about it all you really need is the anti-virus , microsoft has you cover with a firewall and most spyware blocker tools , so all you really need is the anti-virus . Its been several months and I have had no virus , NONE , no problems NONE at all . Hands down , AVG anti virus has been the best thing that has ever happen to me , it doesnt bother you and it does the job extremly well and it updates when need . And the best part , IT FREE ... : D
 I 've used McAfee before and was very pleased . That was until this version . I do n't understand all the technical stuff , but suffice it to say before installing McAfee my Palm Treo synced without any problems and my IM programs worked flawlessly . Then I installed McAfee and my Palm would n't sync and my IM kept freezing.I uninstalled McAfee with their special removal tool that allegedly removes all traces of its program from the computer . It did n't work . My IM still kept freezing and my Palm still could n't sync . I spent HOURS on the phone with McAfee technical support , and everytime , it was a bunch of questions -LRB- no suggestions on what to do -RRB- , then they would conclude that I should uninstall McAfee and reinstall it all over again . Uninstalling and reinstalling did n't fix the problems . All that did was waste my time.I ended up bringing it to the computer repair shop . They fixed it . Thank goodness ! Save yourself from a similar experience , do n't buy McAfee in the first place !
 I tried an earlier version of this program because it came with my Dell computer and signed up for the automatic update . It did not work properly , so I deleted it . But they still billed $ 40 for the update last year . After dealing with their customer service over the phone and dealing with their phone system for a couple hours , they reversed the charges . They agreed that I should not have to pay to update a program that I did not have on my computer and I did n't use.But they did not give up . The following month they billed me the $ 40 annual fee again . So I disputed that with my credit card . I thought I would not have to deal with these people again.But yesterday surprise they sent me an e-mail . * Your McAfee subscription has been successfully renewed using the payment information on file . * Who has time for this ? ----- Update --------- Hi , It 's August 22 , 2008 and they have just charged me another $ 40.00 on my credit card for a product I do not have , have not used for years , and I do not want . The -LRB- McAfee subscription -RRB- . I have deleted all McAfee products years ago . AGAIN , DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER .
 When I first heard of this , it amused me greatly . Then I paid for it and got to page where you download it and found out that it 's a corrupt or invalid file . Do n't buy this , it 's a bust .
 I believe this is exactly the same program as Imagine it ! Sci-Fi put out by Macmillan together with Simply Media about a year ago . There are a few outstanding images , but many of them are very poor . Most of the good images are copyrighted so you are very limited on how you can use them .
 Program is too complicated in the building processes to use . Graphics are nice but of no use if I ca n't get my disigns to come out right for viewing .
 I pre ordered this Months ago before it was even available and waited patiently for it to be ready to be shipped.It sounded great and I couldnt wait to use it . Lets just say that it is now being used as a coaster . I could not get it to do anything that it was supposed to do . I thought it was just Me who was having trouble with it and I happened to look back here to look at the reviews , and see that everyone is having the saMe trouble with it . It is definitely not worth buying . Big waste of Money ! I wont be preordering anything like this again . I will wait and read the reviews .
 3D Home Architect Landscape Design Deluxe 6 ... I found the software to be useless . My goal was to recreate my backyard and use the program to help fill in with plants and project how they would look in the coming years . I found that it was impossible to structurally recreate my backyard in the first place . If you were designing a fictional house on a vacant lot it would work fine , but there is no way you could ever create the idiosyncracies of a real property . I had to use a metal garden shed to stand in as my cape cod house , I just resized it to a 35 ' square ! Then I found that there is no way to run stairs up to the side of the house , so I substituted a concrete column . Then I realized that no matter what I did to my patio and `` stairs '' , I could not get them to snap up against the side of the house ; there was always grass shown between the objects . I realized I was wasting my time . I found that the advertised `` 7,500 '' plants included only 358 that could actually be placed on the landscape . Most of these plants are totally unsuitable for my Minnesota home ! The program should allow you to create a outline landscape quickly , choose your climate zone , and display a library of thousands of plants suitable to the area that can be placed in the landscape . I can not believe that I paid $ 50 for this garbage . I passed this feedback along to Broderbund .
 What a colossal waste . Knowing what I know now , I would n't pay 5 cents for this program . Possibly the worst job of programming I 've ever experienced . Graphics are a joke , tools are inexplicable and the help features are useless . Need I say more ?
 Terrible software , hard to use , useless . I asked for my money back the next day and they refused . I wish I had read the reviews here first !
 This is not user-friendly at all & provides very little help with starting up . I can not quickly construct an image to even serve as a base for the design . I am going to try to return this item & try something else ... I doubt they will let me return it though .
 The program does not allow the individual contour lines to be adjusted to match normal landforms ! Most frustrating and disappointing!I bought 3D Home Architect Landscape Design Deluxe 6.0 at the half price book store , so I was a little leery about the purchase.I gave it the good-ole college try and the package failed after I invested some hours trying to fit my complicated ten acre landscape into the package!In the package/program it assumes you have the standard small building lot , so contour lines go all the way across the lot , not matter how you enter them . I have two ravines , each partially on my lot and they intersect ! The stream has two `` S '' curves across my lot and it enters my lot twice and exits twice . Yes the contour lines have to follow the twisty stream with 26 foot high slopes on one/two sides of the stream!That catalog of trees does not include oaks nor walnuts ! Not even the normal scrub tress you find in a natural forest , you know those in a `` wooded lot '' . If you have a standard developers building lot with one simple slop that goes all the way across , you might be able to create a satisfying 3D landscape plan.Good Luck!Sam
 I 've drawn all sorts of garden plans and elevations by hand for years , but I was in a hurry to kick out a piece of work this weekend . I purchased this program because I thought I 'd be able to quickly draw simple features , plop in a few basic plants and render elevations . After all , version 3 of this program , although pretty clunky , was fairly basic and easy to use . The newest version MUST be much more intuitive.WRONG ! The tools operate NOTHING like any human being I know actually draws . If anything , this program is LESS intuitive than earlier versions . Way too much emphasis on `` catalogs '' and automatic features and not nearly enough on ease-of-use . Amazing how software actually keeps getting worse instead of better.The folks who write these things really need to rethink from scratch how people create these types of drawings manually . At this point , pencil , ruler and quadrille paper are faster and easier -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- and yield better results . Do n't waste your time and money on this .
 I wish I have read other reviews before buying this product . I spent several hours trying to use this program -LRB- the manual does not help much -RRB- and ended learning by trial an error -LRB- many hours later -RRB- . It is not friendly , nor easy.My second problem was that I wanted to design a garden around my house and there is no feature or template to outline the house -LRB- at least not mine -RRB- . There is not even a feature to draw just lines to show the house , so I have no idea of where to place the landscape in relation to my house !!!!!! And for sure I am not going to buy the House Design software just to be able to place the landscape somewhere.It was very frustrating !!!!
 I struggled with this software for a couple of weeks then gave up . I 'm no rookie-I am familiar with AutoCAD , Access , Excel , Word , Adobe Photoshop , Powerpoint , Project etc etc and this program just didnt seem to follow any of the rules . Realizing that a 3D image -LRB- incidentally there was no house template anything like mine -RRB- was going to take about as long as it took to landscape a garden , I tried 2D-hoping to superimpose walls and vegetation on a photo of my house ... hours later i still couldnt easily construct the scene.If this were any other type of product , I would be retuning it for a refund-but with software you dont get to take it back ... so unless you want to spend many hours in front of your computer-rather than in the yard I suggest you pass on this .
 Wish other negative reviews I have now read had been posted before I purchased . I had a similar experience - product sounded like it had everything I needed - but I 'll never know . I too spent several hours on multiple occassions trying to `` figure it out '' , but this software is painfuly unfriendly to use . After sinking many hours into it I gave in and emailed user support . Several days later I got an email saying , sorry we do n't do `` how to '' user support , but try this web site , which was equally unhelpful . I might give it one more try before throwing in the towel and returning it , but if you have n't bought yet , stay away .
 After trying Punch 's version and finding only a very limited selection of plants , I purchased this product . I do n't know yet what the capabilities of this program are . After 2 days I 'm still trying to figure out where a green square box on the screen is coming from . You would think that running a search on help for `` green '' , `` green line '' , `` green outline '' , or `` green box '' would turn up something but , no , there is nothing . The manual and built-in help seem identical , and very superficial . There is nothing intuitive about this program . I 'm guessing most people buy this software , try to use it , and set it on the shelf . I routinely use over 75 software packages and teach adult ed computer courses so this is coming from an experienced user . I 've even successfully designed several remodeling projects in Chief Architect . Chief Architect was the creator of 3D through version 4 . It 's now marketed by Better Homes and Gardens . I chose to try this product because of it 's superior plant library . If you absolutely have to do your own landscaping plan , I 'm guessing this will do the job but have a glass of wine first -LSB- from a very large jug - you 're going to need the rest -RSB- and plan on spending an enormous amount of time . If you 're like me , you needed that plan `` tomorrow '' and that just is n't going to happen . If you do try this program , it will help you to know that it comes with limited house templates so you 'll either have to use one of those or import a plan you created in either v5 or v6 of their home design package .
 Wished I 'd researched this turkey before purchase . If you need to use the terrsin/3D features - you 're done for . If you need to design something in real life and you use this program - you 're done for .
 I too wish that I would have researched this title before I purchased it . After rebates and in store discounts this program ended up $ 14.99 , so I figured I could n't go wrong , right ? WRONG !!!!! This program is so sorry that it is not even worth that much . I spent the entire night -LRB- and I do mean ALL NIGHT -RRB- trying to figure it out , but to no avail . This program is not only confusing but highly frustrating as well . It states right on the front cover `` Easy-to-use landscape and garden design '' . The only thing easy to use about it was to load one of their designs already completed and look around . The instruction booklet or onscreen help are worthless , neither one offered any solution to problems I encountered . I have used 3 other programs over the last 8 years , and this one is by far the worst . This program in my opinion is terrible ; I would not use it if they gave it to me for free . This title is definitely being returned . Also , so much for the 90 day money back guarantee , I have to pay to mail it to them in order to get reimbursed for the program .
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 When I purchased this program , it had only one review from the cad fellow who said `` skip it '' because it was not user friendly . I disregarded his review because of the program 's extensive plant encylcopedia -- 9500 . Well , I had an old Sierra Garden Design program that turns out to have been MUCH MORE useful . The new program allowed me to search by plant and soil properties , but I could n't figure out how to print the information it provided , never mind save it !! I wanted a print-out of plants and plant pictures to add to my water logged garden site . This program stinks . Then I tried to draw my garden , it was hopeless . This is truly one program to skip . Trust the reviewers . There are four of us now saying dump this one !!!!
 This software is garbage . I installed it and tried to use this software and it is very simple . Very limited plants , no sprinkler design system . To call this software `` Basic '' is an insult to the world `` Basic '' .
 I 'm a huge scrapbooker , and - much to my husband 's dismay - I seem to buy anything and everything that contains the word `` Scrapbook . '' But , I 've got to tell you , Creating Keepsakes really let me down.Turns out that most of the truly good templates depicted on the box reside in something called the `` Idea Vault . '' That is not a happy place because it amounts to a series of PDF thumbnails that are completely uneditable and completely unusable in the software . And the templates that are available are pretty crummy.I 'm sorry , but it 's just not fair to include designs on the box - much less boast of the idea vault as a `` feature '' -LRB- gim me a break -RRB- - when they 're just not available to people who buy the software . I ca n't recommend Creating Keepsakes . But I do own Scrapbook Factory Deluxe 2.0 -LRB- of course ... it has the word `` Scrapbook '' in it :--RRB- and that I can heartily endorse .
 I am a longtime scrapbooker and ordered this right away when it came out . Well I got it today and guess what - it 's just Print Shop all over again . How many times does Broderbund want me to buy the same program under a different name . If you have Print Shop or Printmaster or any other Broderbund product , do n't waste your money .
 I have to say I 'm disappointed . The `` new '' Creating Keepsakes -LRB- CK -RRB- fonts advertised are not really new at all - they 're from CK 's original font collections , which I already own . The CK art , too , is from their CD packages . Like another reviewer stated , the whole workspace and basic set-up really is n't any different than other Broderbund programs , either . I just invested in the new Printmaster version - this program is n't very different at all . The main advantage I see is its ability to create layouts/projects in 12x12 , except I do n't have a printer that can do that.It 's a good program if you do n't already own anything by CK or any of Broderbund 's creativity software , but I give the program 2 stars because of its lack of originality and what I consider to be deceptive advertising .
 Printmaster Ver . 15 , which I use often , offers the same graphics and options that this software does , plus much more . I expected original art and template ideas and was very disappointed . The page layout templates are quite unimaginative and would be easy to create from most very basic , and less expensive , photo editing programs .
 I had the same problem with installation that another reviewer had . Program kept saying it was still installing after several hours . I finally had a friend who works with computer software come install it . Additionally , program is not user-friendly for a novice like myself . I would not recommend this program .
 When I purchased this software I was very excited to get it installed onto my computer.I am not a computer wiz , my computer seemed to meet the system requirements but I couldnt get the program completelyinstalled to the computer . I kept getting a message saying it was still installing , even after 8 hours.Finally I emailed broderbund for some assistance , that ws almost 2 days ago . Their website advises that emails are responded to with in 8-10 hours if you contact them over the weekend or on a monday.I still have n't heard from them.After reading the previous reviews I have decided to return the program.Maybe it was better that I didnt get the program installed on the computer , I might have been even further disappointed .
 The pre-created templates are predominantly ugly and unappealing.Creating one of your own is easy enough , but in saving item , I was very disappointed that the page could n't be saved as a jpg or other photo format . Only being able to save in scrapbooking format or pdf is a very poor design idea.I had really hoped for something better .
 While I did n't expect these images to be Michael Whelan quality , I did expect better than sloppy sketches . The majority of these images are black and white sketches that look like rough drafts rather than a finished piece . The color images are either cartoon characters which , while some were decent , was n't what I was looking for , or they were fuzzy and unclear images . It was n't all bad though , there were a few images that were pretty good . The program itself is n't very user friendly either . In order to view all of the images you have to go by artist rather than category . Overall , while there were a few images that were really cool -LRB- which is why I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 -RRB- , it was n't worth the bother of buying it .
 All of this series are badly drawn , many are black and white , and none are royalty free .
 I hope it can help me on the stock analysis
 I hope it can help me on the stock analysis
 When the software package says `` Import & Store Family Photos ! Keep an electronic scrapbook for your children ! '' they are NOT talking about making a scrapbook to cover events in their lives . I was looking for a software package that would allow me to design scrapbook pages around my digital camera photos . This is NOT the kind of scrapbooking they are targeting . Perhaps what the software is meant to do -LRB- `` track school and medical records , record children 's activities and achievements '' -RRB- , it does well -- I do n't know because I have no use for that type of software . Too bad the writeup at Amazon or the company 's link did n't EXPLAIN exactly what this software is supposed to do . So beware ... if you want a creative software package to design your electronic scrapbook -- look elsewhere ... because you WILL NOT find it in this software title .
 The seller said it would work on a Mac . It does not work on a Mac.I recently switched to Mac and was hoping that this product worked . On the case of the disk it says its for Windows 98 , 95 , and NT 4.0 compatible , also it says it on the disk . Someone is misleading on this product .
 If you need old-fashioned black and white artwork , this is for you . For any other use , or if you need a modern -LRB- i.e. after 1930 -RRB- image , do n't bother .
 This disk has clip art of robots , planets , etc. . Most of it looks like what you 'd see at a high school art show . Really amateurish and awkward -- mostly just bad art . Do n't do it .
 This game does play in windows 7 , thats about all there is good to it , boring and a waste of time and money , not what i expected .
 I bought this software because I really wanted to learn Spanish and be fluent . The price and marketing of the company made me believe that this package was the most complete package on the market.So I was very excited to receive it after spending $ 450 on a software . My excitement did not last long after that.I was shocked to see how the software itself looked , I was expecting a top of the line interface for the price I paid but that software seemed years old.But I still wanted to get my money worth so tried the first level for hours , even days , as I was convinced I could learn Spanish with it . I also tried the other 2 levels to make sure that my issue was not only with that first level.I had looked at the demo and noticed that most of the content was based on that same acitivity with the 4 pictures . I was expecting different exercises for the full version ... The software gets so repetitive , I was really disappointed , even more because of the outrageous price of that package .
 We are very unhappy with this purchase because we can not down load it on to our computer due to the fact the product is too old . And the seller will not communicate with us ! We are trying to return this and get a refund and are not have ing any luck ! Can you help us ?
 I found Drive Copy to be the fulfillment of the adage `` you get what you pay for . '' After several attempts to get ALL of my data transferred I began to get error messages . When I consulted the online documentation I found that the error message I received was not listed . It is particularily distressing to have all the documentation online for a product like this because when you have problems you ca n't get online . You have to take the boot floppy out of the machine and reboot . Once you think you know what to do you must reboot from the floppy . If the problem is n't fixed you start the cycle over again.I ended up buying a copy of Norton Ghost 2000 and it worked perfectly the first time .
 I spent much of my summer going into fourth grade playing the fourth grade Cluefinders . I remembered it as fun and educational . The plot was concise and engaging , and the difficulty level seemed appropriate . My younger sister is entering sixth grade this year , so I decided to buy her the Cluefinders , hoping she would enjoy it as much as I had enjoyed the fourth grade Cluefinders . However , this Cluefinders episode is poorly developed . Playing through it , I discovered I was left out of parts of the story because I used the map as a shortcut between places . I am in calculus , and I even struggled with the math occasionally , finding it mildly challenging most of the times , which shows that the math is way beyond sixth grade level . The biggest flaw of all is that there is a glitch in the system , preventing anyone from finishing the game . I do not recommend this product to anyone , and I recommend that everyone find another way to prepare their child/younger sibling for sixth grade .
 This software is a demo package that expires after thirty-days , after the thirty days it can not be used . It was not advertised as a demo program , through Amazon nor the manufacture . I attempted to contact Amazon as well as the manufacture with negative result .
 This software is an absolute P.O.S. due to one MAJOR flaw that I 've found over the four years I used this product . The flaw is the backups of your database i.e. tenants , buildings , etc CAN NOT be restored ! Error message displayed says it can not UPGRADE and can not load database . Other than that I 've got used to this software wiping out my info and started over several times over this time period . Now , I 'm going to try another software provider ... pass on this one !
 I tried to install this game on both a Windows XP and Windows 2000 machine and it would n't install . I got the same error messages on both . Vivendi Universal answered my e-mail with a `` we no longer support that old game '' response.My daughter got it for Christmas - she was very excited and now she 's depressed . I hope I can get her something else .
 This was a Christmas present for my 5 yo Barbie/Pet loving daughter . She adored it . Then she completely solved all the Rescues ... the same day ! That was it . She played all the little Barbie games in the rescue center , she rescued all the animals , and cleaned them -LRB- or whatever it the pet required -RRB- and she completely finished in less than 6 hours . Now , she 's a bright little girl , but come on , for the money I spent , I 'd have sure liked it more if she -LRB- A 5 year old ! -RRB- had gotten more play time out of it . Cute ...
 I dont have any idea why soooo many people like this game , it did not keep me cntent for more then a little while , I expected way more . You dont acually have to `` nurture '' the pet back to health ... . And there is only about 7 missions tha you do over and over and over . Younger kids probably , like this much more then older kids though ... . oh well
 Barbie pet Rescue starts out great , with loads of thigns to do . However , once you get the hang of the game , it gets a little boring . I mean , how many times can one person rescue a kitten/dog/bird / hamster/monkey from the same spot in the same way before it gets old ? The game could stand a little more variety .
 It was n't the seller 's problem that the latest Windows systems just are not backwards compatible . It would only work on an antique IBM that I had in the basement . So much for buying used computer games ...
 I got this today . This is how it all goes ,1 . You get a 5 minute mission to rescue a pet .2 . After its rescued , you go to the check up room . IT always says What a healthy girl , I wish it could get sick for onceAnd other stuff that the other reviews have said . I say this game is good for ages 5-8 . How childish . And I 'm 10 . I do n't reccomend it much . Even 5-8 year olds will get board !!!!!!
 When I bought barbie pet rescue with my money I thought that it would be realy fun . But I turned out to be wrong . The second day I owend it I realized I had wasted my money . Once you catch All the animals you just catch them All over agian . Another thing is you cant make up your owen name you can onley pick one from the computer . I would onley recomend this game for people whoe are in desprate need of animals.Other whise DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I 'm sitting here thirty-six hours away from sharing my script with my screenwriting group and I do n't know if I 'll have a script to show them . This program started out fine at first . I , too , did n't mind having to put the CD in each time ; afterall , I have to put my disk in each time I work.First time I noticed a problem was when I tried to email my script to a friend for comments - you ca n't . Unless the other person has Hollywood Screenwriter , they wo n't be able to open it . The program does n't even allow you to cut your text into a Word document -LRB- or any other application for that matter . -RRB- Secondly , the top and bottom margins were set at 1.5 inches so for several weeks I thought my script was much longer than it actually was . The margins are easily corrected , but still , 1 inch is proper industry format - they should know that . Third , the spacing between scene headings is incorrect . Proper industry format says three spaces , this program gives you two . I had to go in and hit a hard return at the beginning of every scene heading in a hundred page script - very annoying . Fourth , you can not incorporate a -LRB- beat -RRB- into the dialogue . As soon as you type a parantheses , the program thinks its acting instructions and formats whatever is in the -LRB- -RRB- accordingly . On the online FAQ they recognize this problem and say to use -LSB- -RSB- or -LCB- -RCB- for beats !!! That 's great , try to break into the business by having your script look different than other professional scripts . I do n't think so . I makes me wonder what other formatting stlyle is incorrect.Finally , and this is a doozy , at any point you can go and try to open a script you 've been working on forever and find that it is n't there . The program gives an Error 32 , whatever that means , and opens up what it calls your script but is actually one blank page . The company 's online help has an update you can download to fix this problem and after the download , you 'll supposedly be able to recover your script . Did n't work for me . I opened an older version I had and then re-did my work to the best of my memory . Now , this morning , I popped the CD in and ... nothing . The program wo n't open at all.When I researched the different programs to buy I did see mention of some little quirks but I figured for the price it would be a good place to start . Wrong . Unless you have no intention of sharing your script with anyone via email , etc. or do n't care about proper format , or do n't mind just randomly losing your whole damn script for no apparent reason , spend the extra few buck for something that works . Speaking of which - does anyone have any recommendations ? I 'm now in the market .
 Sure , this program is -LSB- cheap -RSB- compared to -LSB- the expensive -RSB- Movie Magic Screenwriter 2000 or Final Draft , but this program is so loaded with technical glitches and gotchas that I ca n't recommend it unless you 're planning to write and print a single short screenplay for a school assignment or something like that . The documentation says you can export your text into other programs , but you ca n't ! So whatever you write is locked into this limited-feature program forever , unless you want to retype it all . There are lots of other things promised by the manual or box cover but not delivered in the program . If you have any fantasies of actually writing and selling a screenplay , do n't buy this product . Save your money and buy one of the industry standard programs instead .
 Having to put the disk in each time I want to launch is a major pain and buyers should be warned of this unusual requirement . For those who travel , it is really a nuisance.But my biggest issue is I ca n't get the program to start up half the time . I am spending more time with tech support than writing . And I have little enough time for that as it is . I thought the program was going to save me time . It has n't and , at the moment , I 've lost an entire script , which I can not access .
 You need the disk in order to use this program , which means ... it 's completely useless ! I wrote a bunch of scripts using this program , then I lost the disk , now I 'm S * # $ out of luck . If you like to keep your work use something else . Who thought this was a good idea ?
 It is only good on very old computers . Anyone using XP or above this will NOT work .
 You get what you pay for . The product is a striped down version of more expensive software . There seems to be dead-end enticements in the program -- features that do n't do anything , though , they may be available in the more expensive version . I ran into what appeared to be dead-ends , but I do n't care to verify that they are indeed dead-ends because the program is annoying to use -- you have to insert the CD every time you want to start the program . Nuts to that ! It 's just one more thing I have to keep track of . Why ? Presumably to assure Write Brothers , every time I run their program , that my copy of Hollywood Screenwriter was legally obtained . For the sake of convenience , and ethics -LRB- I have to prove I 'm honest every time I run the darn thing ? -RRB- , I 'd rather pay top whack for a program that does n't annoy me . I 'll be looking into Final Draft , shortly , to see if that is user friendly . One good thing I experienced with this software was the file conversion feature -- the program converted an RTF file perfectly .
 I 'm an amateur writer that has this product . It was actually sitting on my shelf for a couple years so maybe there is a newer version that corrects a couple things.My main # 1 issue with this
 It 's a nice program but based on older technology . It wo n't download to the harddrive .
 I bought this to import a script from MS Word and have been very disappointed . It 's not very intuitive , lacks a clear description of the elements and has limited help functions . I am used to using MS Word and found this very frustrating . I just wanted a simple program without all the bells and whistles of the more expensive products , but am disappointed in this . Perhaps it could be different if I was starting from scratch and had n't imported my script .
 I returned this item because the manufacturer takes great pains to keep secret the fact that the application will not work unless you insert the CD every time you start the program . Not every time you want to install or modify the program , every time you want to use it.Aside from the ethical questions this raises , it is infuriatingly inconvenient . The fact that this `` feature '' is nowhere mentioned on the packaging or in the company 's advertising -- perhaps because no one would buy it if they knew ? -- made me wonder what other surprises await the customer . I decided not to find out.If you are a serious writer , you could create your own screenwriting template in a word processing application for free in a fraction of the time you will eventually spend fetching the CD , inserting the CD , waiting for the program to recognize the CD , removing the CD and filing the CD every single time you want to use this program .
 Hollywood Screenwriter is not worth the time nor the money ; it is designed for the amateur who wants to get `` something '' on paper , not a professional who not only wants to get something on paper , but wants that something to be the best he/she can create ... and then be able to have it work with other elements of filmmaking including Scheduling , Full Production Breakdown Reports , Industry Standard Revision Draft Colors , Rundown Sheets , Budgeting , and Storyboard Linking.Of what use to the film industry is a program that limits how producers , directors , other writers and production members can use a script , such as that produced with Hollywood Screenwriter ? It makes no sense to have to re-type a script using other software that is Industry Standard . Why not just buy a professional program and use it , from the beginning.I recommend Movie Magic Screenwriter , which formats for -- among other types -- films , stage plays , telvision producutions , multi-media productions and animations ... and also meets Industry Standards for working with various elements of productions . It also imports and converts scripts written in Word , WordPerfect and other formats ; so there is no need to retype a script.A writer who wants to be thought of as a professional should use professional writing tools .
 Please , please , please , do yourself a big favor and save your pennies , stand on the street corner if you have to and take donations and buy Final Draft . Sometimes when you pay less you do n't get a bargain , you get a lot of headaches which is exactly what this program is . THE TECHNICAL SUPPORT IS EXCELLENT . I feel sorry for them because it takes both
 I gave this game only 2 stars because for the age of the child that used it that 's all the it was worth . However , the graphics where cool , and for any child 4-8 they should love it , but older then that it was a little boring .
 I spent my Christmas money for this product expecting a lotmore than I got for ... . So now I 'm both broke and storyless . Thanxfor all they hype and no help , Dramatica .
 I bought this product in large measure due to the reviews of other users . These customers must be university students who have been given an assignment to write a story and identify its literary components . While this can be somewhat interesting from an academic perspective , it is really not very useful for writing a story . Dramatica Pro is basically an expensive pile of 3X5 cards with a little tutoring thrown in to explain who is the antagonist , the coantagonist , the impact character , the theme , the goal the throughline , etc. . Its like baking a cake while someone explains the chemical components of the butter , the sugar , the milk , etc. . Nice to know , but it does n't make the cake any better.I would expect a software application of this price to be totally interactive . For example , it has a brainstorming feature to create new characters . Great ! It should tell you how to complicate your plot by adding new characters , right ? Maybe it will suggest that you change your love story between two people into a love triangle ! But no . The `` add a character '' feature does nothing except ask you the sex of your new character and assign him/her a goofy name . -LRB- Banquo or Zues or Iccabod -RRB- It also has a feature where you can select a picture of your character from a big selection of mug shots . This would be sort of fun , except the pictures are so small and the resolution so bad that it is almost painful and not worth the effort.There is also a `` spin the plot '' feature which would presumably offer plot twists that you had not considered . However , all this does is reshuffle the elements of the story -LRB- Instead of a happy ending , make it a sad ending -RRB- . Well , duh.And there is nothing about motivation , the most important part of any novel . At every level , the application should ask , `` Why does So-and-So do that '' ? Dramatica Pro takes everything at face value.Perhaps the level of interaction I want is beyond the current technology available . Dramatic Pro is not useless , but for $ 250 I certainly was expecting a lot more .
 This product is so hyped , yet such a disappontment - hard to install , re-install and actully use.And it would seem all the company cares about is getting your money . Support is terrible . When I wanted to move it to my new computer , the serial number would n't work because I had already installed it on my old computer -LRB- even though I had un-installed it on my old computer before I tried to install it on my new computer -RRB- . Their answer was to buy another copy !!
 The sad truth is that there are no great software products for creative writing . With all the great reviews this product was getting I decided to purchase it . After installing it , I realized I needed to do a bit of homework before I could use it . I tried but eventually gave up and resorted back to just using a word processor.The user interface is terrible . It looks like something from the 80 's . They need to rework the interface to bring it up to current standards.I should say that I am not a professional writer . It 's possible that someone who writes as a career could fine this to be a worthwhile product . For myself , I was just looking for a creative writing tool to help me get started .
 DramaticaPro probably has some good points and no doubt would help a lot IF I COULD SEE IT !!! The screen resolution is so bad that I contacted the company to find out how to get larger fonts on the screen and they told me it could n't be done !!!! I adjusted the screen resolution of my computer in an attempt to be able to read the blasted thing and that helped a bit . But I really do n't want giant letters in all my apps just so I can read DramaticPro.Also , I went to the charater part -LSB- again -RSB- to do a little homework on a story I 'm writing and found it way too restrictive . It has several character types but in the world of fiction , there are many more than DramaticaPro knows about . Plus , its terminology is obscure and specific to its theory . But , that is not especially helpfulWhat a shame , it promises so much and does n't really deliver . A small cheap program that I used in the past is called StoryBuilder . It was a better choice as a simple way to organize index cards -- but alas -- now that Windows is into the XP phase , that softward does n't really work anymore .
 I requested this as a Christmas gift from my wife based on the solid reviews it got in Amazon . I was excited as a child to open this package and get to work.Over a week later , here I am posting my 2nd review in Amazon to tell any prospective customers to STAY AWAY !!!! The program features great theories on story development and structure . It has some great insights on how to add depth and emotional complexity into your stories however ... The program is poorly constructed and does not do a good job of explaining HOW to use the program and WHAT some of the concepts actually mean .1 -RRB- Poor program constuction and unclear interface - Something as simple as the font on the screen can not be adjusted . There were no visual illustrations directing me where to go . I started with the `` Start Here '' button and proceeded to answer its various questions but after hours and hours of work , I got lost in the forest . There are no navigation buttons or models to tell you what the end result should look like . If the final product is a printed treatment , ca n't I just use the Dramatica inspired questions and write this up on a MS Word document ? 2 -RRB- Poor instruction manual - As part of its `` attempt '' to explain to me what its vague story concepts are , a comic book and a matrix was added to the package . What the creators of this program have to understand is that there definitions are not universally accepted terms -- most of them are not even industry used terms . Unless a user spends hours and hours trying to decipher what its terminology means , there is no way anyone can hope to understand what they are trying to say.The end result is a frustrating and outdated mess . There are apparently 4 versions of this program -LRB- I got version 4 -RRB- but the look and feel of this program seems like it was from 1990 . I am severely disappointed in this program . While I understand that any tool takes time and effort to master , is it really worth the time to learn how to use an abacus when electronic calculators are readily available ?
 I tried a demo of this software from -LSB- ... -RSB- . This product was totally not what I expected . I worked with this software for two days and decided to buy Power Writer instead.You can build a story using this software by generating character templates and then answering questions about the themes and relationships within the story . You can jot notes all along the way , but I found I was writing the same thing down over and over again . Eventually that pays off when your getting towards the end and the notes are already there , but it is long , tedious , and not fun . You start with almost 33,000 possible storylines that narrow down to one and then you can map out your Chapters and export everything to a word processor to print out . You can use the print out as your personal guide and then start writing your story . Characters can be complex or straight archetype templates . I think when you get focused on the templates it narrows the possibilities for dynamic and interesting people . A hero is n't always hero-like , but it is good to know the basic archetypes . I also found the templates greatly reduce the possibilities for the story 's theme and progression . I did not want my hero to only be logical and then only be able to be categorized as a do-er ... these things kind of killed my storyline altogether , but I am sure it created a storyline that I could have worked with instead.The demo does not let you print , export or save so I do not know if the reports were any good or not . I do not know if they were clear cut or just a lot of additional information I may or may not need.I found the process a lot of boring busy work and not much fun . It has a nice interface and is easy enough to use , but it does n't allow for a lot of creativity or research notes . The tutorial was simply a lot of reading , but easy to understand.I highly recommend the demo ... it saved me a lot of money and busy work .
 If you expect to answer questions as to pigment type , oil drying time , the size of the canvas , and subject matter -- do n't expect a Rembrandt -- or a novel either . You may find yourself disappointed as I was ... You see , I fully expected Dramatica Pro v. 4 to be expert software . By definition , expert software gives some answers , much like a calculator . For example , if I enter 2 +3 I should get an answer of 5 . This software merely , merely , prints that I entered two values of `` 2 '' and `` 3 '' and that I must find the answer myself ... Duh!Where will it switch fore-story and back-story orders for effect ? Where are does it alert me to character issues ? Does it even insert all of your characters ? Where can I change characters -LRB- in the same role -RRB- during the course of an epic ? Does it boldly suggest a storyweaving ? Does it calculate chapters , analyze development , critique or figure anything at all to help me write?No . I do n't need expensive computer software to ask me how many chapters I wish for my novel and then just make me write them in . I can do that with pencil and paper .
 It 's incompatible with my MacLinkPlus ; everything must become Appleworks 5 before it can then be translated into AW6 and the same thing works in reverse . I ca n't cut & past text from my old fave WordPerfect for Mac . And it 's the slowest somemabitch , at least in iMac X + , that I 've ever had the impatience to work with . Spinning wheel
 While the software is fun and helps keep all those TTC details organized and useful , I suggest staying away from the ovusoft message board.There are a group of female self proclaimed hackers on there who enjoy screenshotting your intimate posts on just about anything and plastering it on their twisted web site and on the internet for ridicule and malice . They are n't concerned who they hurt , they actually enjoy it.Seek another TTC messsage board , not the ovusoft .
 The software is good , but be sure to back it up because you ca n't save it online and if your computer crashes , you 're done.Avoid the online site and message boards . The moderators are power-hungry and weird .
 The software is n't bad but the support website is horrible ! There are plenty of other sites out there that have great software AND a supportive website .
 The program itself is fine , but do n't look to get support from the message boards it brags about . The admin there is heavy handed and will ban members for asking a question or simply answering one in a way that they feel on any given day , is not appropriate . The premise of this software is to be able to share your charts with other users on the message board and get feedback about it and your questions . I own the software and prefer using a paper chart over it any day.The majority of the knowledgeable users of the software have been banned and so the information available is of very poor quality . Buyer beware .
 I bought this software and while the software is ok the customer service is horrible . I had a problem with the software that I bought and I received a snotty e-mail to my asking for help with the software.There are other software programs out there that can do the same thing with better technical and customer support . Do n't bother with the message boards either the administrators are they same unhelpful people that give customer support for the program .
 I do not like what this company did to me , after I started studing , ebook stopped working , and said it is now expired , I e-mailed the company and told them that I am still studing and when I bought it it never said that it is only good for few months , they told me they will send me an e-mail with a link to get only one more month but they never did , even so I sent them 6 e-mails but never e-mailed me back . I am very very unhappy with this company
 ... There appears to be information scattered about , but finding it is next to impossible . They seem to be very proud of the ability to build formulas anywhere in a window you want , but so what ? They barely even tell you how to do that , and very poorly . There are no cogent lessons . You go looking for lessons and all you find is help files on how to use the software that tell you nothing but what great software it is . I thought Encore 's `` Math Advantage '' was -LSB- bad -RSB- , but I ca n't even think of expletives appropriate to what a waste of money this was . Unbelievable that after so many years of software development companies are still producing useless bits like this .
 I bought this software just a week ago . I read the previous reviews expecting a whole lot more . My first thought after installing and running this program is how cheaply put together it was . I re-installed the program believing something went wrong with the installation . After re-installing and a few minutes of dabbling , I knew I made a mistake on this buy . I purchased a less expensive math program -LRB- Middle & High Schol Math -LSB- Topics -RSB- -RRB- which blows this one away . Better yet , I purchased the package at half the price of StudyWorks.Basically , it is just a math book with a few basic AVI -LRB- video -RRB- files and what I can best describe as a Notepad similar to Windows version of WordPad . It is not very intuitive , and I ca n't imagine a pre-teen or teen using it regularly . The examples are long and tedious , and feel as though you are reading a novel.There are many Math software title out which are much better and much less expensive . The raves and awards advertised -LRB- and Amazon reviews -RRB- mis-led me into believing it was worth the extra money . You get what you pay for most of the time , but not here . Save your $ $ $
 I 'm running under WinMe , and I have this software , tho its called the 2000-2001 version . Unbelieveable numbers of crashes . And the crashes arent just limited to one particular activity . The disk must be in the drive while using this program , yet sometimes when you click on something and the program should access the CD for something , it claims it cant find the thing it needs . SOLUION
 I purchased 2 copies of this , one for myself and one for a gift . I ca n't get either one of them to load -LRB- get an installation error -RRB- and can get no support from the company I bought it from Nor from National Geographic . I would not recommend purchasing this product .
 In comparison to other educational software on the market , I found this software difficult to use . The tutorial was basically no help . The software resembles a text book in style and layout . The content was tedious for myself and my children to understand and to use . I found other educational software easier to use and thus more help than this one was .
 This software was not as user friendly as I expected . I do n't think it 's easy to use at all and it did n't have all the features I was expecting . I eventually ended up buying Adobe Photoshop .
 This program does not work well for me . The instructions are skimpy and , so far , I have not gotten a print with the correct margins for my printer -LRB- Hi Touch -RRB- or a print which does not have the colors wildly skewed from the original . I have spent three hours on this program so far and will send this program back if I can.When you load this program you are asked to buy an upgrade for $ 39.95 . Moreover , when you reboot this program and leave it running , you get that popup again.I bought this program on the basis of the other rave reviews . Those reviews are so enthusiastic I am suspicious that they may have been written by company shills.Dwight Collin
 The packaging appeared to be factory created . The product turned out to be useless . When trying to validate the installation with Microsoft , we were informed that the software key code is from a group of pirated numbers and Microsoft would not validate . Product was returned .
 This is a total rip off . The product is advertised as a valid version of Microsoft Office Professional 2007 and what you recieve is totally different . There are no disks and you recieve a license key that my technical guys have not been able to make work . I am now on the hook to my company for $ 365 of my own money because I ordered this software for a client . I ca n't believe that a reputable company like Amazon allows this company to sell product on their Website . I would n't do business with Atlanta Network Technologies Inc even if someone paid me to do it . Take warning these guys are crooks !
 I bought this product on amazon but it turns out the product keys was not valid I call Anonymizer to get another one , they told me '' I do n't know why people still selling old software , it 's no longer valid '' and they will not help you unless you are purchasing their new software directly from them ... you 'll need to contact the person who sell it to you if it was not from amazon warehouse you 'll lose your money , individual sellers do not refund your money . BE AWARE OR LOSE !
 This software did not interact well with other software on the computer . Speed was severly impacted and several functions simply would not work . I was forced to remove the application .
 On their QuickBooks web site , Intuit advertises that the program can do job cost tracking . I own a small engineering firm , so we used the Professional Services Edition . For a company like mine , 95 % of the cost of any job is labor -- people who are billing time to a client . Unfortunately , QuickBooks does n't record that on the job cost . So for a job where I bill ten thousand dollars for my engineers ' time , with no reimbursables , the job cost is zero . That would be nice , but it is totally worthless as far as knowing which jobs are profitable . If I buy a valve and charge it to the client , that cost will show up though.It seems to me that a program advertising itself as a Professional Services Edition that does job costing would track the cost of labor . But it does n't . QuickBooks also tries to force you to use their payroll service . If you use someone else 's service , you can use it with QuickBooks only if you buy an add-on package that works with Excel . So instead of having things work seamlessly , you have to export your payroll information to a new program and work with it there.These problems made the program absolutely worthless for my use . The one thing I will say for Intuit is they have a 60-day return policy , of which I am taking full advantage .
 This is advertised as being a great tool for creating home plans , but the features that you 'd want to use are only included in the `` Professional '' version , which is $ 540 . This includes window , roof , split/join walls , wall openings , and others I may not yet have discovered . Of course , once I had opened the software , installed it , and discovered its deficiencies , it was too late to return it . Bummer .
 I am an experienced AutoCAD user , and bought this to use at home . If you learned on AutoCAD , you will find this program a study in frustration.What takes minutes on AutoCAD takes hours on Turbocad , IF it will even do it . I 'm not talking about solid modeling either , I 'm talking about drawing simple , 2D objects , to scale.I 'm giving it 2 stars only because it is cheap . But my recommendation is to avoid it altogether .
 I like Turbocad and when I upgraded my computer I ended up with MS Vista.My copy of Turbocad 10 would n't work with Vista and IMSI was n't supporting it . Hey , IMSI is five versions past V 10 . I figure they have to draw the line somewhere so no harm no foul.Money is tight and business is slow . After some investigation I found thst V 12.0 with the 1.4 / 1.5 patch would work with vista so I ordered it and it did n't . It would n't even loadGot hooked up with IMSI Tech support . They confirmed it should work and e-mailed me some work arounds to try and added a note that if I still had problems I should get back to them . The work arounds did n't and I did . I 'm still waiting on them to get back to me . It 's been about three weeks now.Fortunately , while doing some poking around on the IMSI web site I found something called flat file installation . It 's a cure for some other version and installation problem requiring coping the installation disc to the computer and installing from there . I gave it a shot . It works and the only bug I have now is that when I close the program I get an error message rather then a clean close . It does n't seem to cause sny problems do I csn live with it.Someday IMSI may even condescend to get back to me with a better cure for the loading problem !!! Got to love a tech support that , when they cs n't fix a problem they ignore it .
 Avoid this software if you want to keep hold of your mind.Crazy to learn and not worth the effort .
 Awful program . I bought the product in 2009 to help design my basement . It was cheap and looked at the time to be a good product . The most basic tasks are painstaking endeavors and did n't have the time then to put the proper effort into learning the software so I eventually gave up . I decided to give it another shot to and simple things are too frustrating to accomplish . I worked on it for 2 hours and barely had a wall . Scaling is terrible , it feels like you 're inside TRON . I gave up . What a piece of crap .
 This product would not install correctly in Windows 2000 . Symantec support policy is to either post problems to a bulletin board and wait 24-48 hours for response , or pay ... to call them . The first method is slow , impersonal , an above all ineffective . The second method is offensive . Consumers have already paid for the product , they should not have to pay to get it to work correctly .
 Complaints about `` unexpected kernal mode trap '' error are unresolved . Run both programs and watch the blue screens arrive . Check out their site for this error report from others . There solution is there is no solution and has not been one for about six months now . Also there support must have blue screen problems , they do n't reply .
 I bought this , installed it , & all seemed fine . But when I started to do some ASP coding I discovered that the website does n't run correctly any more -LRB- eg ca n't create text files via ASP -RRB- . Apparently this is a known problem at Symantec and they ` say ' they 're working on a fix .
 I never got to use this product because of all the problems installing it.Not only did it never install correctly but it trashed other things that already worked . Unless you are a software/OS expert forget getting help from the WEB site . The information was confusing and in in a few cases incorrect.Customer service from Symatec . Forget it . I dare you to find a person to contact unless you are willing to pay $ 30 . Any $ 70 product that costs $ 30 to install is not worth it .
 When I first got it I could make ringtones and back up my phone fine . As it went through various upgrades its functionality started dropping off . It got to the point it was worthless and I uninstalled it for better software . I 'm glad I removed it and will NEVER use it again .
 I ca n't get this software to install . It is a VERY old product for use with Windows 95 or Windows 3.1 . Unfortunately , this was not disclosed . It says it 's for Windows and it is , but if you have a new computer you wo n't be able to install this . Very bad taste in my mouth now and I wo n't be doing business with the seller again . I will be telling my friends and family about them too . This is my first bad experience on Amazon so I 've been lucky .
 Oh my ... I brought this product so I can do slideshows on a VCD with the `` proper beat '' of the background music but apparently it does not recognize my Dell CDRW drive .1 . Ask for a Trial . This thing does not have a trial version.Now I 'm stuck with a product that ca n't ca n't recognize my CDRW.Note
 Oh my ... I brought this product so I can do slideshows on a VCD with the `` proper beat '' of the background music but apparently it does not recognize my Dell CDRW drive .1 . Ask for a Trial . This thing does not have a trial version.Now I 'm stuck with a product that ca n't ca n't recognize my CDRW.Note
 I was really excited about the ease of this product until I tried to save the project to a disc . It wo n't recognize my burner . I went to the support web site and downloaded the patch - it still wo n't work . Just generic responses to email inquiries . I do n't reccommend it .
 I had n't done my research and I went to the store to buy something to replace my DVD-X show software . Not one of the five salespeople could tell me anything specific about any of the software they sold except that `` it 's all good '' . However , the fifth salesperson assured me Pinnacle is the best . She said they always makes a great product . Based on what she said and the product description on the box , I bought this . I will never buy one of their products again . None of the transitions and special effects you were supposed to impress your friends with will work with high resolution pictures . Huh ? I have a 3.1 digital camera . I 'm stuck doing slide shows without zoom and pan ? The feature that sets the pictures to the beat of the music is questionable as to whether it does anything . Same thing with the fades and disolves . I could n't see anything that resembled a fade or a disolve and there is no fine tuning of any of the features-or should I say feature-that works . You can set the duration of the slide increments of 1,2,3 seconds etc. . Wow ! Photo editing was weak with the red eye feature and the focus correct . This product is inferior and what it advertises itself to be is not what it is . It is a waste of your time and money .
 When you purchase this product , you must go and download patches to get everything to work . Of course , it does n't tell you this . You have to find out the hard way by wasting 12 hours of work because there is NO SUPPORT ! Then when you do . . it works great ... unless you want to burn it on to a CD -LRB- VCD -RRB- . Then you have to buy a new CD Writer because it will not recognize yours . Lucky for us they have one for $ 29 . What a piece of garbage . Do not waste your money .
 This product is simply garbage ! Even if someone gives it for free I will still toss this piece of ... in the garbage can . What a waste of time to install and try to make this program work . Everything people are writing is true .
 I have been using Intuit products for many years , especially Quickbooks Pro and Quicken Home and Business . I must say that with each new version , it does not get easier ... just more complicated and buggier . I am probably one of the few who have successfully used Quickbooks Premier Contractor 2003 , but I ca n't say the same for Quicken Premier Home and Business 2004 . I have spoken to tech support and they said they 've had no problems at all with this software.I found the interface very busy . What happened to my simple checkbook register where I write checks ? There 's now a `` Home '' column on the lefthand side of the register that lists categories . It took me awhile to find my personal checking account listing . That `` Home '' column is permanent , something you can not delete and it takes up too much room . At least with the QB 2001 I could `` X '' out the bottom pane . There 's no hope with this . You can expand the register box , and kind of shrink the annoying column . It 's a busybox!I have a problem with delayed response from the keyboard . The words are delayed by about 2 seconds as I 'm typing ... very annoying . And if I hold down the Backspace key , it stutters backwards to erase something.I placed a call twice to Intuit . First rep said she never heard of this . I told her I have . Told me to uninstall the software , copy CD to harddrive , and reinstall in Safe Mode . Said it would correct the delayed typing , since she felt that no drivers would load and I should use `` Custom '' installation and put it in a new folder . Did n't work . Do n't waste your time . Same problem exists.Called again and second tech said that Quicken 2004 does n't like my computer . Gee , thanks . He said it 's something in my database that is causing the delayed typing.I told them when they get enough calls from irate customers , please put out a patch , that it is n't just me I 'm sure . I told them from what I 've been reading , their new improved software stinks . QB Home & Bus 2001 worked flawlessly.My advice
 A major player in the personal finance software arena for years , Intuit and Quicken has helped thousands keep track of their personal finances . I have been a Quicken user since the early days -LRB- Quicken 1 and 2 -RRB- , have upgraded to new releases over the years and have always been very satisfied with the Quicken product.Quicken 2004 Premier changed all that.The release of Quicken 2004 was advertised as allowing you to get instant answers to questions like `` Are my investments outperforming the market ? '' and `` What is my return for the past 1,3 and 5 years ? '' Unfortunately , after upgrading from Quicken 2003 to Quicken 2004 Premier , the question I was asking most was `` What happened to my data ? `` Quicken 2004 has corrupted my personal finance information on four separate occasions -LRB- I know , `` fool me once shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me '' ... I do n't want to even think about `` fool me four times ... '' -RRB- . My financial books include four checking accounts , several credit card accounts , some loans , several investment accounts , and a smattering of other accounts . No account type is immune to corruption.In my checking accounts , one major problem is that Quicken 2004 insists on making up numbers -LRB- really , really , BIG numbers , like as big as your computer can handle -RRB- , creating transactions with random dates to go along with the made-up numbers , and then inserting these transactions in the register . At one time my calculated net worth was too large to display -LRB- I wish ... -RRB- ; another time I owed more than the United States GDP . On another occasion Quicken 2004 erased all of the transactions from one checking account , strangely keeping a balance that looked to be about right . In another account , I have been overdrawn once due to a Quicken 2004 error.In the investment accounts Quicken 2004 decided to change the ticker symbols of some stocks in the investment accounts to unknown symbols on more than one occasion . It 's not clear when this happened ; it may have been during the updating process when prices are downloaded into Quicken . This caused trouble not only in evaluating the portfolio , but the reconciliations of the accounts were very challenging , because I was never sure if the difference was due to my error , or if Quicken had changed a symbol in one of the dividend re-investment transactions -LRB- which it did on two occasions -RRB- . A few of the shortcut keys that Quicken power users have grown accustomed to , no longer work in Quicken 2004 -LRB- hitting the space bar to select a check during reconciliation , for example -RRB- . These are known errors and `` will be fixed in the next release '' . At least that 's what I was told when I discovered the issue in Release 1 . It has not been fixed as of Release 5 . I was given the above information on one of my several attempts to get help by calling customer service . I was helped by `` Jennifer '' , although I suspect her name was really Neeraja , or Srividya or something similar . Customer service appears to consist of very bored people , who are very far away , reading answers in OK English off of scripts to solve problems you did not call with . I was told once to reload Windows -LRB- I did not -RRB- . Most of the time , I was told to run the File/File Operation/Validate option within Quicken 2004 -LRB- I did several times -RRB- . I do n't remember ever having to run that option on earlier versions of Quicken ; I 'm not sure it even was an option with Quicken 2003 . On another occasion , I was questioned quite closely about the type of printer I had . Apparently , printers have become notorious corruptors of data in Quicken 2004 . So , who knew ? -LRB- I 'm joking -- they 're not -RRB- . In no case , did the call to customer support solve my immediate problem.Sending in questions via email was better in the sense that I did not receive any wrong or useless information . In fact , I received no information at all . All emails went unanswered . Bug reports are never acknowledged , but they never have been.Running Quicken 2004 requires some serious horsepower . Intuit will tell you Quicken 2004 can run on a Pentium 200 or higher machine with 32 MB RAM and 75MB hard drive space . I originally installed Quicken 2004 on a spare Pentium 233 MHZ machine with 100MB hard drive . Big mistake . When I fired up the software , the lights in the house did n't exactly dim , but I bet they wanted to . Quicken 2004 is unbearably slow on machines below the recommended 300MHZ limit , and I would n't put it on anything less than 700Mhz . Quicken 2004 seems to be doing a lot of disk I/O and window rendering and all of that thrashing around costs performance points . My copy of Quicken is now installed on a Dell Dimension 4600 , 2.79 GHz , 512RAM , 111GB free hard drive , Windows XP Professional . As you might expect , speed is no problem.On the plus side , Quicken has done a nice job with the charts and reports . So , even if the numbers are wrong , they look marvelous . The screen gets real busy , though , what with the Menu Bar , the icon bar , the Quicken Home side window , the main register window , the transaction window and the maddening Inuit advertisements -LRB- ` Try Turbo Tax - the # 1 tax solution year after year '' -RRB- at the bottom , all showing up at once . Intuit will tell you that Quicken 2004 works with a Super VGA -LRB- 800 x 600 -RRB- . It will , but the recommended 1024 x 768 with 16 bit color monitors will make your life more pleasant . Again , the numbers might be wrong , but at least you 'll have a shot at seeing them.So , what 's a body to do ? Well , I 'm digging through my files looking for my copy of Quicken 2003 . I 'll revert back to that . It worked fine , no funny stuff , had almost all of the features of Quicken 2004 and it was stable . In the meantime , I 'll keep watching Intuit to see if they fix the new version , and begin to understand what customer service is all about .
 Wow what a disappointment this product has been . I 've used Quicken for the last 10 years with much success . However , since Quicken 2002 , each new release has created more and more problems with Quicken 2004 resulting in some very serious ones that Intuit will not acknowledge . The problems I found with the software are as follows : * The installation does n't completely eliminate previous quicken versions . As a result , if you had a prior version installed with investment updates set to automatic they will try and update the Quicken 2004 data file . This results in a corrupted file and the only way you can fix this is through a restore from a backup . * The investment return reports do n't calculate correctly . For example , if you are looking at returns for a period from 1/1/xx to 9/30/xx on two securities and one of the securities was n't purchased until after 1/1/xx then the return comes through as NA . * Installation also causes problems with the COM1 port . Microsoft has a knowledge base article on this . See article number 810905 . In addition to the technical problems the program interface was significantly redesigned , which creates a learning curve for previous Quicken users . Also , the interface seems slow . Keystrokes are delayed in the interface.The word on the street is that Intuit released this product early as a result of Microsoft Money 2004 being released earlier than expected . As a result of the rushed delivery the program had many bugs . Since its release over 2 months ago Intuit has yet to provide any patches or support on their web site for these problems.My recommendation is you save your money and wait until this program is fixed .
 I tried to install this program a couple of days ago and was prompted to uninstall the previous version -LRB- Quicken 2002 Deluxe -RRB- . I chose to do so . At the end of the installation process , I got the error message `` Your program files may have been damaged . You will need to reinstall Quicken . '' I uninstalled using Add/Remove Programs and reinstalled with exactly the same result.At that stage , having looked in vain for help on the Intuit site -- the solution to this error message did not work for me -- I went elsewhere and found dozens of negative reviews . Intuit seem to have hit rock bottom with this product.So I decided to go back to using Quicken 2002 , but of course it had been uninstalled and I ca n't find my original CD . So I chose to use the Windows XP System Restore function to roll back the clock . But although Quicken 2002 reappeared , my Quicken file no longer seems to work properly . The screen freezes and flashes when I switch from one account to another.I called Intuit this morning and described my scenario . They offered to replace my Quicken 2002 at a total cost of $ 20 plus . It would take them two days to get it out of the warehouse and a further 7-10 days for shipping . Should n't they provide a free downgrade when their buggy software does n't work ?
 My purchase of Quicken 2004 PHB arrived yesterday . It installed and converted my Quicken 2003 PHB files without a problem -LRB- I have been using Quicken since 1992 without any problems , and have upgraded each year -RRB- and then proceeded to give me a memory write error and crashed . Two complete removal/install cycles later , it still crashes when I try to run the program.Some searching on the web produced reports of a known bug when you try to display net worth graphs spanning more than one year , which I am doing on my `` entry page '' . This apparently is keeping me from even running the program.I am in the process of testing Intuit 's 100 % Satisfaction Guarantee and am returning thier product - this bug has been know for two months but no patch is available ... I have reinstalled the 2003 version -LRB- fortunately I made data backups , as did Quicken -RRB- . Guess I 'll wait and see if the 2005 version works ...
 Quicken 2004 has a bug that prevents Windows XP computers from entering Standby or Hibernate power saving modes.Previous versions have been fixed with updates . However the 2004 version has not . This problem has been confirmed and documented in Microsoft Knowledge Base Article 810905 . Quicken Tech support stated they would release a fix for bugs after receiving user reports . Apparently this product has been released with insufficent testing and debugging , especially since this bug has appeared in previous versions .
 The more I use this product the buggier it seems to get until it just got to the point where it has become absolutly useless to me.Now that I have invested lots of time into developing it and getting everything set up for my new small business , I am trying to use it and it no longer seems to work . Sure I can still create an estimate , but if I try to print my estimate , the whole program freezes and quits . I was willing to deal with the buggyness of it freezing and quitting all the time , I would just start over - time consuming yes - but it seemed to have some really great features . Now it actually limits the functionallity of the program to useless.There are no patches available even though Intuit has been aware of all problems . And no , I am not a helpless secretary that some other reviewer suggests the problem might be . I have been in the software industry for the last 10 years as a database developer / trouble shooter / technical support . This product just has to many bugs that intuit is n't supplying fixes for . They should have gotten better QA on this product to begin with before releasing such a buggy product.Thanks for nothing Intuit - this product has been nothing but a timesink . I have to now completely start over with a new product.Beware - the longer it appears to work for you the worse off you will be when you finally encounter this breaking point .
 I have used Quicken for home finances for years , and recently `` upgraded '' from Quicken 2000 to Quicken 2004 Premier Home & Business.This package is loaded with features that allow you to very quickly and completely get a grasp of your finances both numerically and visually . Adding accounts and transactions is a breeze . The system is very intuitive -LRB- at least for a user of earlier versions of Quicken -RRB- and visually appealing . The importing of the old data file went seamlessly and completely . -LRB- Always make a back-up of your database before trying the importation - it may safe you a whole lot of grief . -RRB- The negative - you can not run ANY other program at the same time . Forget multitasking . Period . Even with ONLY Quicken 2004 running , the system frequently gives messages of `` Resources dangerously low '' and `` out of memory '' , etc. . The system often freezes with these warnings and requires a reboot . Quicken seems to be out booting Windows ! My system is not the problem - I am running on a Pentium IV 1.3 MHz Windows ME system with 512 MB RAM and 40GB of free hard disk space , far about the recommended requirements from Intuit.The Intuit web site is NOT helpful when it comes to trying to problem solve the memory problems . There basic advice
 I 've been using Quicken since 1994 , and have upgraded every few years when useful features are added . I recently purchase 2004 `` home and business '' because I am starting my own business and needed the business functionality . As a small independent computer consultant , it seemed a perfect match feature-wise -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . As a very adept computer user , I have n't had the issues with the changing interface over the years that some have , and generally the product works pretty well for me for my * personal * finances.HOWEVER
 The INTUIT web site sold me on their marketing that QUICKEN 2004 Premier H&B connected to more banks and was easier to use than Microsoft Money . I found that Quicken 2004 could not connect to Bank of America , and the user interface was horribly difficult to learn .
 My program i bought does not update my information . I have tried for three months to get some support . No one i have contacted speaks good english . I am stuck with a product that is garbage .
 Stop complaining about how the user interface has gotten cluttered with partner products and offers to try and make revenue goals and try out some simple -LRB- and complex -RRB- open source solutions before you purchase commercial bug-riddled code . Would n't you like to be able to talk directly to the authors and add bugs directly into a bug tracking system instead of calling off-shore support ? Try a product like www.gnucash.org as it imports from Quicken QIF and Money files , has a ton of features , will run on a variety of platforms , and can be downloaded and installed for FREE . You can also browse tons of alternatives at sourceforge.net or www.dmoz.org/Home/Personal_Finance/Software . These people have built lots of quality software and they deserve a look . Support the people that take time out of their days and lives to provide quality software for you and ask nothing but feedback -LRB- or cash -RRB- in return .
 Stop complaining about how the user interface has gotten cluttered with partner products and offers to try and make revenue goals and try out some simple -LRB- and complex -RRB- open source solutions before you purchase commercial bug-riddled code . Would n't you like to be able to talk directly to the authors and add bugs directly into a bug tracking system instead of calling off-shore support ? Try a product like www.gnucash.org as it imports from Quicken QIF and Money files , has a ton of features , will run on a variety of platforms , and can be downloaded and installed for FREE . You can also browse tons of alternatives at sourceforge.net or www.dmoz.org/Home/Personal_Finance/Software . These people have built lots of quality software and they deserve a look . Support the people that take time out of their days and lives to provide quality software for you and ask nothing but feedback -LRB- or cash -RRB- in return .
 The support of this product is very poor . The first question from the company is about the customer 's credit card number even if the product was just bought and it does not do what is described in the manual . I was trying to point out the problem with the program and the standard answer was
 I made the mistake of upgrading to 2004 BEFORE competing my year-end tax planning and 2003 tax returns.The first issue was that all transactions with return of capital -LRB- often happens if you own mortgage-backed bonds -RRB- were imported incorrectly . The basis was not reduced and tax reports show bogus losses . The workaround is to manually delete the transactions and reenter them in 2004 . I figure this will take me about 4 hours.My second issue currently has no solution . Zero coupon bonds and bonds purchased at a discount require that the basis be adjusted upward to account for taxable interest not actually received . In old versions this was accomplished by doing a return of capital transaction with a negative amount which thus increased the basis . The 2004 instructions still tell you to do it this way and it works OK until you sell the bond . Then , all the additions to capital are mysteriously changed to reductions resulting in a bogus gain . In addition , the detail view for the bond shows 0 bonds in the account -LRB- correct after selling them all -RRB- but with a positive basis and an unrealized loss since the bonds are now worthless . What a mess ! No known workaround.Other than these issues the program seems OK and at least one bug from 2003 has finally been fixed . I 'm not sure whether I 'll persevere with it or switch back .
 I am a heavy user of Quicken , both for home and business . I have found no discernable improvement in Quicken 2004 over Quicken 2003 . The screens look a bit different , but they did n't bother to fix any of the bugs or flaws . For example , the business statement facility still has almost no customization available . You ca n't track the performance of non-investment accounts , such as CDs or interest-bearing checking accounts.Advertisements are still present on almost every screen and still annoying . Do n't waste your money unless you have an ancient version .
 Two things first ; my system configuration far exceeds the requirements and the problems started when I updated to Quicken Premier Home & Business 2004 three weeks ago . My operation system is Windows 98 2nd edition . I have been a Quicken Home & Business customer since the program was introduced and had no problems . When logging on , the program takes between 2 & 3 minutes to come up . When paying vendors in the bills payable ledger , after entering all data and clicking OK , it will take 65 seconds before the program will accept the entry . Chat room technical help produced no help and dialogue with a real live tech produced no help . Her advice was to check my system configuration .
 I received continual `` script errors '' when trying to use help , making it nearly useless . I attempted the Quicken fixes , which did not work . I tried submitting my feedback that the fixes did not work and I got an error from their web site . It crashed once in the first few hours of use . Importing MS Money files is nearly impossible . Tech support costs 1.95 a minute . At least it has a 60 day money back guarantee.I guess I will continue to sell my sell the devil -LRB- MS -RRB- and continue to use MS Money .
 This product has so many bugs , you 'll have to call an exterminator . In addition the UI is a dizzying array of advertisements for Quicken products . Steer clear .
 This is a real shame - this software `` could have been great '' . Pros :1 . -RRB- `` idiot proof '' will copy a non protected -LRB- non CSS -RRB- dvd to a new blank DVD , shrinking it before doing so , so as to be able to fit on the smaller 4.7 GB writable DVD 's . Will take HOURS to do this.Cons :1 . -RRB- tech support is almost literally non existant . Write them an email -LRB- I did -RRB- and get an automated response saying they now have extended phone support via a toll free line . Call the toll free line and get referred to a toll line . Call that toll line , get told that they are only open till 5 PM . Call back the 800 -LRB- toll free line -RRB- and get directed by there sales force to email them , so that you can get another automated email telling you to call till 11:45 PM EST. . Bottom line - if you have a day job that precludes your calling them during 9-5 and waiting in the cue - forget it . This happened to me .2 . -RRB- Software purchased `` in the box '' is recently largly defective , but pinnacle has not acknowledged this , nor done anything to fix it . I have an unusable disc - wasted $ $ 3 . -RRB- Freeware and shareware available easily is actually vastly better . I would specifically recomend DVD shrink which is freeware to shrink your ripped DVD file down to size . DVD Shrink will do in 15 minutes what Pinnacle takes 4 + hours to do , and DVD shrink will do a dramatically better job .4 . -RRB- The program `` Alcohol 120 % '' offers vastly better disc/drive emulation capabilities.To really understand this stuff , check out one of the discussion boards such as www.afterdawn.com . Alternatively , if you want a shrink and burn program thats really simple and actually works - check out Intervideo DVD copy .
 Yep , this one sucks . Zilcho technical support . And it simply does n't work for the things it should work for . Dude , just for the hell of it I just checked their support site to make sure my question was not answered before submitting this review ... there 's actually no record of it now . Yay for a total scam !!! At least I did n't pay for it . But buying software that actually works will really eat into the money I saved buying this DVD burner . Lesson learned . To be more specific ... I have yet to successfully burn ANY DVD which is then subsequently readable . The drive does function well within the XP environment however ... it can read cds just fine for instance .
 If this program would do HALF of what it advertises , it might be a good deal , lol -- but this so called `` software '' does n't do ANYTHING right . I have downloaded all of the so called fixes I could find on their web site , still wo n't work or constantly hangs up , Oh yea -- just try to call teck support for help -- WORTHLESS . I threw mine in the trash , I did n't have the guts to re-sell it to someone for a couple of dollars , I still have to look at myself in the mirror .
 I bought this SW to burn VHS source material onto DVDs . Prior to burning , the program performs its rendering of the clips . 9 times out of 10 the program hangs after a few hours of rendering . The one time it did not hang , I killed the program since it was only 10 % done with a two hour video after 4 hours of processing . The Product is useless!I am using Windows XP and have 1 GHz Pentium 4 Processor .
 I would not recommend the purchase of this product to anyone . It does not perform all of the functions that the packaging leads you to believe . And , tech support is virtually non-existant , so trying to get any assistance from the company is an effort in futility . If you do choose to purchase this product , I sincerely hope that you have better luck than I did .
 I was able to copy files to a data DVD once , now it wo n't work . I was able to copy a Music cd , but was never able to make a DVD . Tryed to work with the company , but was unable to get an answer that worked except the last comment , delete all burn software , so I deleted theirs , the one that came with the Sony laptop does work , but takes 2 hours . Perhaps it is my newer laptop that is the problem , I will never know . A thumbs down to Pinnacle .
 Possibly the worlds worse piece of software . I can not get it to do anything that it says and all I get is `` file violation '' blah blah blah . Anyone have the address of Pinnacle 's HQ ... ? Amazon are making me give this one star - Pinnacle should be giving me stars !!!!!!! The real score is NO STARS .
 I ordered this assuming it was new , and would come with CD keys to use for installation . No such CD keys were included , so I ca n't even install it on my computer.Not cool .
 I just installed Quicken 2004 Premier after having used Quicken 99 for several years , then a brief stint with Money which I found infuriating . I had high hopes for the simple interface I came to know and love with older versions of Quicken . This version reminds me of Money . Like Money , it 's online account synchronization is flakey at best . Upon setp , it connected with my bank , downloaded my transactions and reported that I had - $ 1.5 million in my checking account and + $ 18.5 million in my savings account . It probably goes without saying , but ... not even close .
 I 've been using versions of Quicken for well over a decade , but this version is so buggy that I removed it and replaced it with Quicken 2002 . -LRB- I did update Quicken 2004 to the latest build , but it 's still not ready for primetime . -RRB- The bugs were annoying but not catastrophic , like hidden accounts not staying hidden or windows not drawing properly . It froze at one point when I tried to access the help file , but I did n't lose any data . And my system is ordinarily very stable . But I 'm not confident that my data would be safe . I 've never returned software before , but I think I 'm going to send this back to Intuit .
 Do not bother with Quicken 2004 Premier . Program will not open with operating system date set with a CY 2004 date . This problem started January 1st 2004 . Intuit says they are `` aware of the problem '' . Now , fifteen days into January 2004 no fix is available . I 've used Quicken for over ten years.VERY DISAPPOINTED in support from Intuit.Send me an email -LRB- navyjim1@aol.com -RRB- if anyone has a fix .
 I have loved Quicken until this upgrade . None of the version updates have corrected the bugs in this software . It runs poorly under Windows XP and even worse when I tried to use it on my laptop w/ME . Do n't touch this one . I am very diappointed with Intuit at this point .
 Purchased , was disappointed , and requested a refund.I quickly discovered no compelling features , and poor support for multiple currency accounts -LRB- ca n't see dollar accounts and foreign currency accounts at the same time -- something that has been unchanged at least since Quicken 99 . -RRB- By comparison , the latest Money was easy to start understanding . 10 years of Quicken use is enough for me !
 I 've been a Quicken user since 1993 and have purchased and upgrade every year . This year I upgraded to 2004 in October and everything was fine until 1/1/2004 , where the program fails to open my file and just hangs there not responding . But if I back date my computer to 12/31/2003 it opens just fine . I spent some time with the chat support and they told me that I will have to use Quicken 's disaster recovery service , $ 200.00 and 10 days-yea right . It 's too bad because since I upgraded I spent about 40 hours entering in Budget and Plan data which will now have to be reentered . My only hope is to use my backup and go to 2003 and take a good look at going to Money . Intuit really screwed this one up and their support has been even worse .
 Purchased Quicken 2004 Premier to upgrade from Quicken 2003 Deluxe . I have been a Quicken user for many years and have always been satisfied with the product - until 2004 Premier . There does not seem to be any way to change colors on the register display as there has been in previous versions . The old one click backup function is totally gone and has been replaced with some application called Windows XP CD Burning . Apparently , you have to use this function in XP to make a backup to a CD-RW . In the past , you just clicked on backup , indicated the location , and away you went . This process is a disaster and I have been unable to get it to work - even after going to the Intuit website for further information . To add to all of this , there is not a way to contact Intuit without incurring costs to get answers to these issues.I am very disappointed in this product and , as another reviewer stated , I may just revert back to Quicken 2003 Deluxe.I would not recommend that you purchase this product .
 I have been happy with Quicken 2003 and I recently purchased Quicken 2004 as an upgrade . Upon installation , all of my investment data was incorrectly converted or not converted at all . ALL of my investment accounts are now inaccurate . I am terribly dissatisfied with this product . Their website seems to attribute conversion problems to `` bad data files . '' I find that extremely hard to believe unless the user was having trouble with cross-linked files prior to the conversion . In my opinion , the suggestion that this type of problem is caused by cross linked/bad data files is lazy , inaccurate and unacceptable . It 's a way of saying `` we really do n't know what causes this bug , but here 's our suggestion to throw the blame back on you , Mr. Consumer - we blame your computer system . '' I 've suggested to Intuit that they stop putting so much time and effort into making this product look pretty with all of the bullet point box features and focus on a solid release candidate with no severe bugs . In my opinion , this product is about 3 months shy of being commercially acceptable . This bug will cost me countless hours - probably well over 100 - in sorting and reconciling all of my investments . It 's ridiculous really . Based on what I 've read in public forums , I would assert that this product is responsible for countless lost hours among many unsatisfied customers . Unfortunately , because of the nature of this problem and the financial dependence I have on this product , I no longer trust this product nor do I trust other products released by Intuit . I will go through the excruciating process of reconciliation simply to get everything back to current/accurate so I can convert to another program - MS Money , etc. . I will not purchase another Quicken product and I recommend that others do their homework before purchasing this drink coaster -LRB- errr , product -RRB- as an upgrade . Personal money management is a serious issue - in my opinion , being accurate and clean should take priority over everything else.I 'm so burned , if I could rate this product a big fat zero or go into negative territory I would - but if you 're read this far , you now know that my rating of ' 1 ' is really a z-e-r-o .
 I 've been using Quicken for over a decade and loved it all along the way . I 'm a fully advanced user . I was very happy with 2000 but forced to upgrade to be able to continue on-line banking . I have had nothing but problems hooking up to the bank with my new 2004 -LRB- I 've NEVER had one problem with this before in 5 years -RRB- . I have used overseas Intuit techs for 3-4 hrs off and on -LRB- and they charge you !!! -RRB- . Sometimes the bill-pay works , sometimes it does n't . I know it 's the new Quicken software as its never been an issue before . I am quiting Quicken . I 've had it . There 's something wrong with this program .
 I have been a user and advocate of Quicken since 1995 , and have faithfully upgraded each year . Since 2000 I have been running Quicken on a Compaq Presario 1800T laptop -LRB- 192MB Mem , Windows Me -RRB- . After installing Quicken 2003 Basic last year , I started experiencing occasional screen freezes , which could only be corrected by a system restart.This year , egged on by a nice rebate , and the requirement to move from Basic to something better -LRB- for transaction downloads and 401K tracking -RRB- , I upgraded to Quicken 2004 Premier . Little did I know , that the problems I had with Quicken 2003 would be exaggerated in Quicken 2004 . What a change for the worse this upgrade has been . A data-entry session that used to take me 5 minutes , now takes 15 , as typically , I will have to reboot my PC two or three times during the process . I have submitted a bug report , describing three issues characterized by Windows blue screens , screen freezes , and spurious Exceptions in Windows system processes . These issues are only apparent on my system when Quicken is running.My conclusion . Windows ME , the Compaq laptop 's hardware/video drivers and Quicken 2004 Premier , when combined , do not make a good match . The last stable Quicken version I used on this platform was Quicken 2002 . On the positive side I do like the features that Quicken has to offer , but in my case , this is outweighed by the negative effect of an unstable installation . My ray of hope is that some of these problems may be fixed in the next patch release .
 I consider myself to be a Quicken `` power user '' and have been since 1991 . Quicken Premier 2004 is awful . I just upgraded from 2002 Deluxe -LRB- skipped 2003 -RRB- . My PC has a Pentium 3 , 1 gig speed , 256k memory . It 's not enough to run this product . The program is such a memory hog that the PC locks up continually . I need to open the Task Manager , close everything that is running in the background , and can have no other apps open in order to work in Quicken . The changes to the interface in the securities accounts are drastic , unnecessary and not user friendly . Entering securities transactions is much more troublesome . You ca n't hide the Quicktabs bar anymore , thereby losing a lot of screen space . My custom toolbar is gone and you can no longer create custom icons for the toolbar . To recap , too much of a resource hog , no longer user friendly -LRB- and I am a CPA -RRB- and less available customization . This is an upgrade ?
 I 'm hoping to get a better response here than from Intuit 's customer service . Could one of you people who simply love this product please tell me how you produce meaningful reports given :1 . `` Exclude internal transfers '' includes internal accounts , anyway .2 . Phantom amounts show up on reports . -LRB- Intuit has acknowledged this problem since April . It 's now July ... -RRB- Intuit made me upgrade in '99 because they forgot about Y2K . They made me upgrade again this year because they stopped online services for Quicken ' 99 . Does anybody doubt that in a year or two , this product will no longer work ? How else can they keep the cash cow alive ?
 I first bought Quicken Basic back in 2000 , upgraded to Quicken Deluxe 2002 and loved , simply loved , tracking my quite modest bank accounts . Then , with the thought of `` new and improved '' flashing through my mind , I bought a copy of Premier 2004 , not knowing what lay ahead . It installed OK , but I could n't open any data files from the old system , and to top it off , my computer basically blew . I 'm going to have to reinstall everything . Call it a coincidence , but I 'd had no computer problems whatsoever before loading the Quicken CD-ROM . Even XP 's `` System Restore '' did n't work.Be forewarned , especially if you 're running Windows XP . Intuit/Quicken has royally screwed up on this one .
 I have been using Quicken for years and did not quite mind the little things . However , after upgrating to this 2004 ` Premier ' version , I am SO disappointed to discover SO MANY bugs.Problem 1
 Like many others , I was a loyal Quicken customer and was running Quicken 2002 Deluxe until upgrading to 2004 Premier . If you 're happy with your existing version of Quicken , do n't upgrade to 2004 . It really is bug ridden , just like many people have commented . Intuit seems to have focused on new on-line features and broke basic functionality . I regret upgrading to Quicken 2004 but it 's too late for me to do anything about it . Maybe I 'll try MS Money . I do n't work for Microsoft or any company that sells Microsoft products .
 Quicken sure has a lot of options ! Too bad I ca n't understand how to do ANY of it . Forget the tutorial , it was about as useful as instructions on a shampoo bottle . This is only user friendly to someone who has a degree in accounting . We are just starting out as far as our finances go , and there is little to no explaination for certain items a beginner would n't know -LRB- `` Would you like to create an amortized loan ? '' Sure ! What the heck is it ? -RRB- . I do n't know anything about MS Money , but I sure which I had checked it out before purchasing Quicken.Bottomline ? If you are new to Quicken , do n't expect to plug and play . I am purchasing several how-to books to figure out how this dang thing works . Figure the cost of extra help into the cost of purchasing a new edition . Too complicated , not user friendly .
 I have been a loyal Quicken 99 Deluxe user for five years . In the past , I have tried the 2000 and 2002 versions but have always returned to '99 for various reasons . After trying 2004 Premier , I am throwing in the towel on Intuit and going elsewhere.In the first two minutes of operation , there were several apparent problems . Reports would only print if you manually printed each individual page seperately . The program failed several times , abruptly shutting down for no reason . I would enter my entire portfolio into the setup account function only to see all the work disappear when I hit `` done '' -LRB- I guess the software takes `` done '' literally -RRB- . The import/export function never worked properly , often omitting portions of transactions.To add injury to insult , there is no email support and phone support is $ $ $ $ / minute -LRB- a free chat is available but , for some reason , is closed on Thursday and Fridays -RRB- . Nothing like having to pay to have Intuit correct its own problems.Intuit seems to have abondoned the concept of creating decent products . After the TurboTax disaster of last year , one would have thought they would have learned . Take it from me , they did n't - run away from this software as fast as you can .
 I had been using Quicken 2002 Basic for a couple of years and it seemed to work fine . Like one other reviewer , I decided to upgrade because of some rebates and the lure of being able to better track investments that Basic did not do ... Well to start , it took all of about 3 DAYS to finally get my 2002 data file converted ! No `` easy upgrade '' there ... and I was converting from one Quicken version to another , not from some other program to Quicken . The program kept crashing and locking my computer . I had to delete and reinstall the program at least 5 five times . I finally called Inuit . The solution ... uninstall 2004 , reinstall 2002 , go into my 2002 data file and make sure there were no saved graphs or reports that contained more that 12 months of data -LRB- my current file has about a 5 year transaction history -RRB- . Once that was done , I had to backup that file , uninstall 2002 , reinstall 2004 and reconvert the backup file . Still , if you set any graph in 2004 to a period longer than 12 months -LRB- i.e. , use the `` earliest to date '' menu selection with dates that go back more than 12 months -RRB- the program will crash . The net worth graph on the `` Overview '' page shows complete nonsense -LRB- do n't know what data it 's displaying , but it 's not net worth -RRB- and there is no way to customize or change the graph on this page . If you CHOOSE to enter transactions manually , the reminder box letting you know you can download transactions from the web continues to pop up every time , even after checking the `` do n't show this reminder again '' box ... very annoying . Intuit says it is aware of these problems and it `` will be fixed shortly '' ... I hope so . How did this even get released with so many bugs ? Better to stick with an older version.I also agree with other reviews about the large number of adds . At least in 2002 you could turn off the add bar . No such luck in 2004 ... all of these things take up space .
 I have been a faithful Quicken user and updater for at least 7 years now . The first 4 or so years , I would look forward to the next release and felt I got value for my money.Unfortunately , around Quicken 2001 I started to question the value of the updates . Not only were the features less impressive , but they did not do much more for my main area of interest - tracking my stock investments.I have more than one investment account and found both Quicken 2001 and 2002 to be less investor friendly . I held off for 2003 but figured that Quicken 2004 may be worth a shot -LRB- and I wanted the Quicken `` Write a Will '' program that went with it -RRB- . I have just spent a week trying to get the @ # $ @ % Quicken 2004 program to work . I did n't have trouble with the program crashing as described by earlier users , but I could not get several features to work.For example , there is a `` Printer Setup '' tab that is supposed to let you change the font size of what you print out . It would gleefully take my input , but it would not actually change the font size , even after I deleted and then reloaded Quicken 2004 . I contacted an on-line Quicken help-tech and the tech 's answer was `` I have worked on my resources -LRB- ? -RRB- and conclude that it is by the design of the program . '' When I asked `` What does that mean ? '' , he replied `` You can not change the font '' . Oh ... OK , silly me!I spent untold hours trying to remove 0.000003 shares of Pfizer from my Quicken account . I was unable to do it even with the program 's `` Adjust Share Balance '' feature , which works basically as `` if all else fails , cheat ! '' So I guess I would now have to carry that 0.000003 of a share with me to the end of time.The screens ARE confusing - there has to be a better way to do this . -LRB- Actually , I know there is - just look at an old Quicken 1999 or 2000 screen . -RRB- To help me with the mess , I bought the book `` Quicken 2004 for Dummies '' , but it just touches lightly on investments . Definitely not worth buying if your are an investor.Quicken 2004 does let you set up a fairly flexible Portfolio view to monitor all your accounts in one window , but if you try to look at just one account , you are faced with 3 or 4 `` canned '' views that can not be changed . Grrrr ... Of course , you may not be missing that much . Quicken lets you select such neat things as ` P/E ratios ' and ` comparison 's to market indexes ' which would be really useful , but despite endless downloading of data , I could not get the program to actually show that information on the screens . Maybe if I called Intuit 's help phone at $ 1.95 per minute they would eventually tell me that `` it 's by the design of the program '' that I will not get that information to display and that maybe in Quicken 2005 it will actually show up!So , to summarize my grumblings , my advice to investors is to carefully protect your old pre-2004 copy of Quicken . Do n't even think about getting the Quicken 2004 version - do you really want to trust your detailed investment data to such a buggy , poorly conceived program ? - Ron , confirmed Quicken 2000 user ! -LRB- PS
 Terrible application and I wish I was still running 1999 Quicken . This program FORCES you to upload your data to quicken.com and I resent this . If you turn off the nearly hidden options so it does not send your financial data to quicken.com , then everytime you download stock quotes , it reports an error indicating you have not yet uploaded your data to quicken.com .
 I had been using Quicken 2000 which worked fine . The interface is decent and it did everything I wanted . I was suckered into 2004 by a good deal and some rebates . Worst mistake I made . The interface on 2004 -LRB- is bad . Quicken has decided , arbitrarily , to reduce the input screen , put banner-type ads on the bottom , and in general , not allow you to determine the look or functionality of the program . Plus , in importing my data from 2000 , I found several errors that I had to manually fix . Who knows what else is lurking in there . My advice , do n't upgrade . Intuit needs to take a different approach to how their program presents itself and what you 're able to do with it . I hate this program and ca n't wait to dump it .
 From my experience with upgrading to Quicken 2003 -LRB- on Windows 98 SE -RRB- , I have become disenchanted with this product . While my experience is only with versions 2003 and earlier , their response to my complaints does not lead me to expect improvement in 2004 . Through the years Intuit has added more bells and whistles , made the product fancier , but at the expense of making it less usable . Worse still they have neglected to fix some nasty flaws in previously existing features.When I upgraded to 2003 , I immediately lost the ability to do transaction downloads in the background while I use other Quicken features . This is not a `` bug '' ; once you careful study their web based support material or start using the upgrade you find that transaction downloads in the background are no longer an option ! Furthermore , if you use another program while Quicken downloads transactions , because everytime it finishes one step , the Quicken download pops into the foreground.The new interface for reports is awkward and confusing . If you try to change the customization of a saved report , it insists on making a `` new version '' of the report instead of replacing the existing one . While this in many cases is a useful feature , your `` saved report '' ends up as the original with a clutter of re-customized reports . Supposedly you can disable this feature , but my attempts have failed.Furthermore , there are clitches in the reports ' interface with Microsoft 's windowing system . In Windows 98 SE , Quicken frequently appears to lock up when Customizing reports because the customization window becomes invisible . Hitting the enter key the correct number of times will step you through the invisible options and often get you out of the customize mode . If you do n't recognize that this is happening , you must kill Quicken with the task manager and restart it.Finally , most annoying , Quicken has serious difficulties matching transactions from web-enabled downloads . With some institutions , transactions are rarely matched with any hand entries made in the register . This means you must manually match or delete the downloaded transaction.Worse still , with other accounts , Quicken 2003 will match a downloaded transaction from 2003 with a manual entry from years ago as a `` near match . '' In these situations the `` unmatch '' function does not appear in the menu . If the transaction is accidently accepted , instead of deleted and manually entered , you will have fun sorting through back statements to get your position correct . DejaNews users detail this problem in posts from as far back as 1999 . To add insult to injury Intuit refuses to acknowledge this as a bug in my correspondence through the Tuscon BBB -LRB- after Intuit refused to acknowledge other communcations -RRB- . They maintain the function is working as designed ! Their attempt at rectifying my complaint was to offer me the opportunity to pay to speak with one of their technicians ! A non technical person called me from Intuit 's President 's office and explained this to me . She refused an offer for me to step through this issue with their technician to demonstrate that the problem was not merely an issue of the institution using duplicate transaction IDs.If you think my ranting is unreasonable , Microsoft Money 's reviews prove that one can write a personal finance program that will not anger as many users ! My next upgrade may be to Money !
 I have been using Quicken since 1996 and upgrade every year to get the newest enhancements - 2004 has been such a disaster after installing , I am still getting memory errors and can not even open the program - I am so disapppointed in Intuit that they would release a product so full of bugs . I now have to reinstall 2003 - this is my last upgrade in a long time . I am returning for my money back !! Intuit you owe your customers reliable products that work !
 I have been fairly happy so far with Quicken , but this version is plain terrible.The upgrade seemed to go OK at first , and the setup reported it had all data converted . But as soon as the program ran for the first time , I was in for a surprise ! First of all , the program did n't even show up . Then , I relized that it was simply positioned somewhere off screen , so I could n't see it . I can maximize it through the task bar , and sometimes , I can move it using the keyboard . But doing this every time it starts up is a pain!Also , many things just do not work . For instance , the net-worth graph is totally broken if you show more than a year of data . And if you dare to change the date range more than once or twice , the program crashes to the desktop . If you do that a few times , you have to reboot your machine , because Quicken crashes on startup!Also , I just plain hate how Quicken now keeps make you do certain things a certain way . This seems to get worse with every version . It tries to upload all your financial data to the web . It also tries to sucker you into all kinds of other deals Quicken offers . There are advertisements all over the place . And there are a number of dialogs that come up every time and you can ' get rid of . Reconcile a credit card account and it asks you ever time whether you want to write a check . No , I do n't , thank you ! -LRB- I am paying my CCs online -RRB- . Next time again
 I have been using Quicken for at least 10 years . I upgraded from 2002 to 2004 about two weeks ago . The program hits a bug about every other time I run the program . It shuts down and then I have to bring it up again . Note that I have fixed the Net Worth graphing problem described on the technical support site . I still get lots of bugs.Do not upgrade to this product at this time . Maybe in 3-6 months ? I am not sure.I am going to try to get my money back and go back to 2002 . I will need to retype two weeks worth of transactions and any other changes I have made ! That is how frustrated I am .
 I 've got to say I 'm hugely disappointed in Quicken 2004 for Mac . I purchased it last week and installed the application on my new Powerbook G4 running Panther -LRB- 10.3 -RRB- . After installation , the product quits with an unexpected error . I ca n't get it to run . I called up quicken and ca n't get through . Also I 've made my request via e-mail and no matter what address I use , it keeps pointing me to FAQs which does n't tell me what to do.It 's really disappointing . Save you money . I hope I can get mine back .
 Beware of this program ! Particularly if you are switching from the PC version which is much more advanced and accurate . This program has TONS of glaring problems that become apparent shortly after running the program . I ca n't understand how in the world it got off the market because of glaring and obvious nature of the problems that would make all other software companies stop production and send it back-for example , it quickly mixes up dates , consistently mixes up the positive or negative signs like of a credit card balance , and will crash on a whim . Basically it is pitiful alternative to the PC version.I feel cheated that I am forced to use this software as there is no alternative for the MAC . Intuit be WARNED . YOU WILL LOOSE NEARLY THE ENTIRE MARKET SHARE OF FINANCIAL INTERNET SOFTWARE PRODUCT LINE WHEN A DECENT COMPETATOR COMES OUT!To Macintosh
 The software is buggy and the publisher wo n't help debug it . While importing data from an earlier version of Quicken , this package selectively omits transactions . The customer-support system was utterly useless this afternoon . Ninety minutes into a frustrating web-based `` support chat , '' the man said he was n't trained to help me with the problem . I asked for another person to `` chat '' with , who suggested I manually enter the missing transactions . When I pointed out that I had 13 years worth of data in 21 accounts amounting to 20,000 transactions , they suggested I pay them $ 130 to convert the data for me . Pshaw . I would n't trust this software with my finances , nor would I trust this company .
 A read-me file on the install disk warns if you track investments you will have to enter all partial lot stock sales by hand when converting from 2003 to 2004 . I 've used quicken for about 10 years and all upgrades have been fine , but this gliche would make it unusable - I would have to make more than 1000 entries -LRB- and the read-file says you have to do it TWICE -RRB- . Customer service was the worst I have ever experienced -LRB- and believe me , I 've seen some bad one in my day -RRB- . No one even knows about this issue -LRB- its in a read-me file on the CD for God 's sake -RRB- and I waited for more than 30 miinutes -LRB- no charge by the way -RRB- . Apparanetly these people know less than the average user . The on-line support is virtually non-extistant - no e-mail tech questions , only `` chat '' support which NEVER responds . Stay away from this product , and perhaps 2005 release will fix this issue . Problem is , I ca n't get anyone to let me know if this will be fixed , and they certainly do n't advertise it . I guess it will be another gamble with 2005 . I 'd suggest sticking with 2003 ... Its still works on Mac 10.3
 I 've never used Quicken before but it looked like a really great program so I bought it for -LSB- a fair amount of money -RSB- -LRB- yikes -RRB- !!! When I installed it , after trying for over two hours , I finally realized that Safari 1.0 's file download feature does not work with Quicken file exports so I could n't export my financial data from my bank and import it into Quicken . Apparently you have to use IE or Netscape to export files but I could never get either of them to work correctly . I just kept getting error messages about the export file being an Aux file . It really did n't matter in the long run because my bank -LRB- Bank of American Military Bank in San Antonio , TX -RRB- does not support Quicken 2004 for Mac so I ca n't use any of the automated account downloads , Web Connect , on-line banking or other on-line Quicken functions . -LRB- As a caution , before you go out and plunk down your -LSB- money -RSB- for this software , make sure that all your financial institutions support Quicken 2004 for Mac and are on the list of participating financial institutions -RRB- . So I called the bank and according to them , when I export my financial data from my bank account , it 's saved as a Quicken 99-2003 for Windows file -LRB- which is the version of Quicken that they support -RRB- . But , I ca n't import that file because that file type is not recognizeable by Quicken 2004 for Mac , so I 'm screwed there too . Unfortunately , I could n't find any conversion programs either , so I 'm pretty much out of luck . I next tried to download my American Express and Mastercard accounts -LRB- which were on the list of participating financial institutions - thank goodness ! -RRB- but the data that was downloaded and entered by Quicken was different than what was on my on-line credit card statements . The transactions did n't add up and my balances that were shown in Quicken were wrong . I could n't even tell what my balance was or anything . Perhaps , being a new user , I was n't doing something properly but I could n't figure out what , if anything , I might be doing wrong . The bottom line is that , after two days of fooling with this program , I gave up and uninstalled it . ...
 Quicken Deluxe was the only program I kept using on my cranky old PC when I switched to a lovely PowerBook G4 two years ago , and this month I decided it was finally time to move my financial records over , too . I 'd read reviews of Quicken for Mac and knew how much it was reviled but figured that it had to be slightly better than the alternative , which was Not Tracking My Finances At All , as I could n't bear to turn my evil PC on anymore.Well , I may have been wrong.I spent a couple of hours yesterday bringing the records on my PC up to date , followed the instructions from Quicken.com KB article 2159 on how to prepare my files for conversion , read the ReadMes , installed Quicken on my PowerBook and upgraded it to the latest release , and then ... found that despite all this , the application consistently fails to correctly import my data.At the start of each month for the last four years , I 've had a set of small but recurring payments into four mutual fund accounts . They 're identical from month to month , and identical to each other in every way except in the payee field , which is the name of each fund . Pretty basic , right ? When I imported my data into Quicken for Mac , however , the payments for two of these funds disappeared . All of them . Four years ' worth . The payments into the other two funds are all there . Huh ?!? If those entries have converted wrong , I 'm sure there are thousands of other transactions that have been dropped , too.So according to KB article 2159 , I 'm supposed to `` look for duplicate or missing transactions ... -LSB- and -RSB- Recreate any data that did not import '' -- i.e. , print out each register from my PC and compare it , line by line , four years ' worth , with the garbage data that 's now in my Mac . Aaargh!Please save us , independent software developers !
 I almost regret going back to a Mac ... Intuit has not been kind to their Apple userbase in recent years . I was glad to find that data transfer from Windows was not a huge problem -LRB- I had read the horror stories . -RRB- Day-to-day use , though , has been far from pleasurable . The user interface is horrible ; for starters it does n't even remember window positions when I re-open the program . Seemingly basic graphs come up with no data ; attempting to download transactions results in errors every time . -LRB- Not my bank 's fault ... works fine on Windows . -RRB- And , to top things off , the program crashes 8 times out of 10 when I use it.I never thought I 'd say it , but I wish MS would port Money to the Mac or that someone else would step up . Is it just me , or do the ` works great no problem ' reviews have the stench of shameless plugs by owners/shareholders ?
 Do yourself a favor and skip Quicken 2004 , or switch to MS Money if you have to upgrade . I 'm running Jaguar on a G4 and had been using Quicken 98 in Classic mode with no problems , same as I had done in OS 9 . I figured the 2004 version had to be even better , plus it seemed to be a no-brainer to run in native OS X mode . Wrong . 2004 crashes constantly , especially when reconciling . It does n't * seem * to have corrupted my data yet -LRB- that I can see , at least -RRB- but the crashing alone is totally unacceptable -- especially for a personal finance package that 's tracking your money . I used to love Quicken but I 'm soured on it forever now . I 'm really thinking of getting a PC or running Virtual PC 6 so I can start using Money .
 The best term I can use for Quicken 2004 would be `` flaky . '' First , it crashes way too often . Second , it could not accurately import my Quicken 98 file . Third , it produces `` N/A `` s in the IRR report where Quicken 98 had no problems . Fourth , I have `` ghosts '' of securities deleted long ago showing up in my portfolio view . Fifth , my retirement plan does not support Quicken 2004 for electronic download . -LRB- Can someone tell me why an electronic download should even care what Quicken platform it is being sent to ? A . csv is a . csv , a . gif is a . gif ... Even Microsoft has figured out most cross-platform document issues ! -RRB- All of these problems appear regardless of how I create a new account , either from scratch , with an imported my Quicken 98 file or with a Quicken 98 QIF export . Just plain shoddy.For the record , this will be the last version of Quicken I ever purchase . Since my mac is a bit long in the tooth anyways -LRB- Pismo -RRB- , I will probably migrate to a PC and Microsoft Money . Microsoft does n't deserve my consumer dollars , but for me the Mac platform is not viable without a competent checkbook/portfolio management program . I hope Apple realizes what damage Intuit is doing to their brand .
 I used Quicken since about 1990 on my PCs , but found that over the years , Intuit added bells-and-whistles that really just cluttered-up the program , and did little to justify the new release , otherwise.In 2002 , I decided to try MS Money and was delighted I did
 Like the other highly negative reviews , I too have used Quicken faithfully recording every transaction . I finally abandoned Quicken 2004 , throwing it away from my new iBook , G4 . I returned to the use of Quicken 2000 . I missed the Billminder . Why , for gosh sakes , have a money program if you do n't get reminded to pay your bills . Q 2004 does n't do this any more . Try to do a loan calculation estimate ? you wo n't get a complete window , so the * payment * you wanted to calculate does n't show.Etc !!! Just an inferior product . Do not buy it ! Save your Quicken 2000 for Mac . Intuit does n't support your old versions -LRB- thank you very much ! -RRB- . but at least the features that are there , work . Good luck !
 after days of trying to get this software to work as expected , i 'm ready to return it . i even bought a book to see if i was doing something wrong . the book is written for the Windows version and apparently is completely different . downloading data from Bank of America is very buggy . -LRB- not the fault of BofA , the data is clean , Quicken mixes up the records , wrong dates , changes amounts and titles , assigns strange categories , etc. -RRB- their support was completely unresponsive . their help files didnt address the issues . if this is your first time using financial software , there is no good way to get old information in . wish MS Money was available for Mac . really wish Apple would write an alternative . feel trapped with Quicken because there is no real competition .
 I wish I had read some of the customer reviews here before `` upgrading '' from Quicken 2000 to Quicken 2004 . I was pretty happy with 2000 , but thought I 'd be better off running in native OS-X mode . Big mistake ! The new version is much slower than the old one and is less stable to boot . That 's when running under Panther -- if you restart under 9.2.2 and try to use this program , it 's a complete disaster . In either case , I 've run into several major annoyances -LRB- apart from the crashes -RRB- in just a few days of use
 It does n't work . Read the other reviews and save your money - you 'll save more by NOT buying Quicken 2004 for Mac than you ever would trying to use it . Just bought it , and after 3 months of thinking `` i must be daft , '' realized that I 'm not and it 's actually the software . Too bad Intuit has the monopoly on it all ... waiting for a much better alternative . In the meantime , back to my ledger and calculator ...
 I just got a Powerbook and had to switch from PC . I assumed everything would be the same with Quicken , but only read all the reviews on Amazon after I ordered the product . I got very worried and I almost did n't open the box . I 'm happy to say that the product loaded up fine . Converting from Windows was another matter . You 've got to get rid of a lot of definitions and account info . Even then , the program failed to carry over all the info and I had to spend hours trying to find out what was missing . I finally gave up and did a reconciling adjustment . Since then , everything has worked well , but the interface is pretty bad compared to Windows . But , what are the alternatives ?
 ... Got it installed for upgrade from Quicken 2002 , used for 2 hours . Crashed first time while entering a transaction in calendar . Crashed second time while reconciling an account ; after restarting the account balances were all screwed up . Try to enter your own date for the `` Interest Date '' while reconciling a bank account , the POS will replace it with the date from the `` Ending balance '' . While reconciling a brokerage account , click `` New Transaction '' ; once done with transaction , click the `` Reconcile '' button - instead of returning to reconcillation , you get a window with a list of actions -LRB- the Reconcile button is overlayed over the Actions button , which retains its effect over most of the Reconcile button -RRB- . Three years ago , I traded some stock a couple of times -LRB- always long , never short -RRB- , and disposed of it completely , but the Portofolio shows that I have negative 400 shares of that stock . Clicking on details shows the correct balance -LRB- zero -RRB- , but the portofolio does not adjust and keeps showing -400 . Too bad I can not rate it with negative stars.There is one excellent feature though
 For 7-8 years I have struggled with Quicken for Mac . My data keeps developing damage due to continuing bugs in the way the product handles lot sales and transfers between accounts . Now my data ca n't even be fully exported . The 2004 is the worst upgrade they have ever released . Full of bugs . If they only let me beta test it for one day , I could have resolved at least 3-4 bugs . Shame on Intuit !
 I 'm an old Quicken user . I like to use the check mark to clear a transaction in the register ; but it no longer does this . It thinks it can do it , but it ca n't . I researched and saw this was a common problem that Intuit claims it 's working on . I 'm not willing to wait so I returned it .
 I 'm a little leary of the `` positive '' reviews indicating that user 's should ` fix the glitches in their OS '' ! Frankly , i wo n't buy any version 2003 or newer until i see better reviews!Currently , I run quicken 2000 OS9 on my OSX ibook ... if you can find it , buy that instead !
 I have been using Quicken for the Mac since 1992 . I have probably upgraded at least 6 times without any significant issues . I have been using Quicken 2002 for the past couple of years and was excited for 2004 , hoping it would fix some of the bugs and crashes I seem to be having . Because of my positive experiences in the past , I did not do significant research before purchasing . Big mistake.I just downloaded and installed Quicken 2004 and converted my 2002 data file . To my suprise my overall networth balance was off by nearly 50 % . I started reviewing individual accounts and realized that all of my investment and retirement account balances were incorrect , several stating zero balances.I tried and retried to convert from previous versions of my data file , with no luck . I poured over the Intuit site and realized they have not acknowledged this problem and have very little trouble shooting support for this version . The Intuit offices are closed so I am unable to reach Technical or Customer Support . I read on their site that they charge $ 1.95 / minute for phone support . So now I have to pay them to fix their bugs . After reading the reviews here I see that even if I resolve my data problems , the program itself is not stable . Needless to say I am returning this product tomorrow . I will just put up with the crashes and bugs of my 2002 version . Ridiculous .
 Quicken users get substantial benefits -- but if your finances get complicated , you should NOT trust Quicken . My particular problem -- with Q98 , 2002 , and now 2004 , has to do with user-entered lots while selling securities . The function simply does not work , and trying to correct its errors gets things worse and worse . In the end , one can only simply ignore the program 's claimed ability and calculate capital gains on ones own.This is important
 Having been a loyal user of Quicken 98 and 2000 since 1996 , it was logical to upgrade when I switched to OSX . This product could not be more screwed up . Entries are mysteriously lost and duplicated . Reconciling does not work at all as numerous entries are not recognized , making accounts appear out of balance . And so on . After hours of trying to figure out what `` I '' was doing wrong , I went onto Intuit website only to find out that this -LRB- and more issues -RRB- are common problems . My solution for now is to go back to Quicken 2000 and launch with OS9 -LRB- major pain , but better than having consistently unreliable software/financial data -RRB- . As soon as a comparable product is available for Mac I will switch . Unless you want to spend countless hours rebuilding your data , DO NOT BUY . Any review supporting this product could only be written by an Intuit executive or major shareholder . I 've never been compelled to write a product review before , but this product is SO BAD , and Intuit is so unresponsive , it was my only option .
 Oh . My . God . This has to be the most trying software experience in my entire computing life . I had an easier time setting up linux on a 386 in 1995 . I 've been trying to use Quicken 2004 for Mac for about 3 weeks now , and it has been nothing but a constant nightmare of bugs , crashes , data corruption , bad documentation , and the worst excuse for tech support imaginable . Once one problem is `` solved '' -LRB- I use that term loosely -RRB- , another is revealed , more inexplicable and opaque than the last.The problems I had include , but are not limited to
 I must echo the other disappointed reviews herein -- down to the specific problems seen . I have used Quicken on the Mac since the first version ; I was upgrading from 2002 to 2004.1 . Data conversion was a disaster , and had to be repeated 3 times before a working set of data was produced . Initial output was not a file , but a directory containing aliases and subdirs . And though the installation instructions said I would be able to select the source and destination , I was not . Program grabbed what it could find , and saved where it wanted .2 . In the ROI Investment report ... stocks with actual negative ROIs are reported as having high positive returns -LRB- e.g. 200,000 % -RRB- . Such a basic error , in such a mature product ! And such an obvious arithmatic error in a _ finance _ package ? 3 . In the IRR investment report , all Avg . Annual Total Return entries are `` N/A `` 4 . I 've been unable to contact Intuit support via ` chat ' . I 've tried Safari , IE , OmniWeb , and Firebird -- different problem with each .5 . Help document supplied with 2004 appears to refer to a different product -- Windows , version , maybe ? Capabilities are listed which do not exist.I agree with those who say it looks like Intuit is getting sloppy ... and since this is tracking my _ finances _ I can not afford to use software I can not trust . * A bit of follow-up
 I , too , am a dedicated user of Quicken . I was using Quicken 2000 for the longest time to manage all my personal accounts , credit cards , etc. . When I saw that Quicken had a new version , 2004 , I downloaded it immediately . Even with more than enough memory allocated , the program crashes randomly when entering data . It 's slower than any previous version and has very poor help on Intuit 's website.Unless Quicken can put out some fixes , they 've lost one more customer because of this poor quality.This software hardly rates even one star .
 I first started using Quicken for DOS in 1993 . Since then , I have diligently recorded every single financial transaction I have made , all the while upgrading seamlessly each year to the newest version of Quicken . Quicken was a part of my life , and moving my data regularly to the latest software update was always a breeze.But then I decided to switch to Mac . While my overall experience moving to Mac was excellent -LRB- Macs rule ! -RRB- , the move of my Quicken data to Quicken 2004 for Mac was a nightmare . I spent literally dozens of hours tweaking my data and in many cases simply reentering it manually , and even now it still does n't quite work right . The program itself is clunky and bears no resemblance to the popular Windows product.To Intuit
 Although it looks nice , it still does n't have the same features as the windows version . A common problem for those of us with Panther , is that Quicken keeps unexpectly quitting when you try launching it . The only solution is to reinstall the software package . There 's nothing on Quicken 's web site about this , although its quite a well known problem reported on quite a few web sites . I 've been very disappointed with Quicken because of this , and pray for a competitor .
 I switched from Windows to Mac about six months ago . I LOVE my Mac , but I absolutely HATE Quicken 2004 for Mac . It 's full of strange bugs , lacks many of the features of its Windows counterpart , and , worst of all , Intuit customer support is completely clueless about how to help me with any of this when I call them . The online Help feature is worthless , too . It tells you to do things you either ca n't do , or that do n't work . It 's awful . I would n't recommend this to my worst enemy .
 I finally made the switch to a Mac a few months ago , and while I 'm thrilled with the PowerMac G5 , this edition of Quicken leaves much to be desired.This version of Quicken is a poor substitute for its Windows counterpart . It 's nothing more than a bare-bones program with a clunky interface.I agree with the reviewer who wishes Apple would bundle its own Personal Finance software in a future edition of iLife . Until then , it 's back to the old checkbook ...
 This came preloaded on my iBook . The reviews were not good , but for free I thought I would give it a try . After spending half a day setting up my accounts , my data file is lost and the most recent backup does n't have most of the accounts I added . I do n't understand how anyone could trust this program with their financial information .
 i 've been a faithful mac user since the first one came out.I could never understand quicken -LRB- too complicated and boring -RRB- . My needs are simple I need to figure out how much i make anddetermine where it goes . i have two kids so i need to save money for college and retirement . there is n't much left over for stock , mutual funds and bonds . if you want an intuitive , colorful web-based personal financial software ... i strongly suggest www.moneypants.com
 Quicken 2004 came as part of the software package on my iBook . I tried to set up my accounts but I found the user inferface baffeling and difficult to use . Worse yet it seemed to crash quite frequently . As for linking to accounts online , it does not seem to support Ameritrade brokerage accounts .
 A total waste of money and time - not to mention space on my Mac . I can write , in longhand , my records and use my Mac calculator for computations in the time it takes just to find the page I need in Quicken . Shame on Intuit ! Bah , humbug ...
 I used Quicken 2002 for the PC on my old PC . When Intuit stopped supporting it I switched to Quicken 2004 for the Mac . I love the Mac except for this wretched program . Do not buy this program unless you want to be extremely frustrated and no longer be able to trust your financial data . Is there a reliable and accurate financial program for the Mac ? HELP !!!
 After yet another frustrating and fruitless session with this worthless software , I logged on here at Amazon to write a scathing revew . Lo and behold , many other reviewers had beat me to it ! Kinda makes my day to see I 'm not alone . Quicken came bundled with my new Mac G5 -- but Apple was n't doing me any favors . Where to start ? Poorly designed interface , difficulty of use , absence of many keyboard shortcuts , and a worthless Help section head the list . I was using Microsoft Money 99 on my old PC before making the switch and I loved it
 This is the best software I could ever imagine for children 7 to 10 years old . Lets them take `` loops '' and `` samples '' and paint them onto the screen where they want on a time line . When they press play a vertical line starts a time index 0 and moves across the screen . When it touches the loop that is painted on the screen it plays the sound . Many more than one sound can play at a time . Loops and be placed back to back to keep a steady sound going . Drums , strings , horns , voices and more are included.Sony tried to limit the piracy by a complicated registration process -LRB- windows registry file -RRB- on this program but this also makes the program not run on anything other than XP or Windows 98 . Too bad they had to take that route . There is no patch or fix for this issue and Sony has removed all help , updates and downloads to this product -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Users may want to try the similar and much more complicated -LRB- 12 years and up I would guess -RRB- Sony Acid Xpress or Sony Music StudioSony Acid Music Studio 8.0 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I tried several times to get this to install on Vista and it did n't work . I even download an XP mode plug-in and installed it on that virtual OS , and it did n't work .
 this is the second time I 've bought this software and the second time it wont open on any of the computers I have -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- . I bought the sony version and gave it to my nephew and it worked fine .
 Wish I could use this program , but it does n't work with Vista , and Sony could n't help me ! The fix they recommended did n't help , and they had no other suggestions . Do n't buy it unless you have XP or earlier .
 I bought this product for my son after he was introduced to it through a school project . After installing it I was unable to register the product and therefore it would n't run . After hours of searching I found a registration update and was successful at registering it . But it would crash whenever it would launch . I contacted their technical support and have been waiting almost a month to hear from them ! It wo n't run on XP -LRB- although it 's supposed to -RRB- and technical support is non-existent . Save your money and the headaches .
 I have the Mac version at work and since I needed a font manager for my PC at home I decided to get a familiar brand . Well , the difference is huge . I 've used it only a few days and it seems to work OK , however the offered features are by far more limited , which puzzles me why ??!!? 1 . On the Mac version they have `` keywords '' that describe fonts like `` script '' , `` serif '' and so on . You can narrow your search a lot if you click on any of those . Besides , you can create your own keywords . This feature is entirely missing from the Windows version .2 . When I search for a font I have to scroll down through all the fonts I have in order to find one that I 'm looking for . When you have over a 1000 fonts that becomes annoying ! The Mac version has a `` find '' field which lets you type the first few characters of the name of the font you are looking for and it gives you all fonts that start with those - uh , much faster and user friendly ! 3 . The Mac version lets you create your own sets of favorite fonts , so you do n't have to scroll through all the sets you have , this again is missing . -LRB- Disclaimer
 This feels like an abandoned version of suitcase but yet since there are no other choices , extensis keeps it on the shelf.Basic functionality are there without consideration of how people actually work with font . You can see the fonts but can not click on them and add it to another set.Very disappointed .
 after running this program on Windows XP for about a week , i finally gave up and shipped it back for a refund . most of the functionality works fine , but EVERYTIME i try to go into the Investing Center or the Loan areas , it would CRASH on me . and i mean , EVERY TIME !!!! little things like the Mileage Tracker are nice , but honestly , anyone who can create a simple spreadsheet in Excel will find this of zero-value . i 've been a loyal Quicken user for about 4 years now , but this is the worst product i 've seen from them . its no wonder Intuit has a 60-day unconditional money back guarantee ; i think their strategy is sell as many buggy products as they can and hope that people do n't return them . well , i want my money back !! i just downloaded the trial version of Microsoft Money 2002 and am keeping my fingers crossed as the reviews for that product are n't exactly glowing either ...
 I purchased a new computer with XP after a house fire and installed Quicken 2002 Home & Business after having been a faithful user since Tobias stopped making MYM . Once installed , my computer would not shut down . Bad computer , I thought , so I bought another with XP . Installed Quicken and same problem . Called local computer whiz to fix problem . No luck . Returned computer and bought another brand , now three different brands of computer with XP . Quicken still corrupted the system . I recommend avoidance of use of this product with XP as neither Quicken nor Microsoft seems to be aware of this problem and no fix has been offered . I am in the process of switching to Money . Good luck , George Hutchison , MD
 I used one of the very first Quicken products , and was thrilled and delighted at the user frendly product . Im sorry to say that this product is very fustrating to use . I have spent the last three days trying to figure out what I thought were very simple tasks , for example imputting accounts payable , which I still have not figured out . I plan on returning this product and I will never purchase a Quicken product again .
 I 've been using Quicken since the late 80 's and was always a big fan of Intuit 's products until this version . While the program offers all the essentials that other programs like Peachtree offer it is constantly trying to up sell you to other Quicken -LRB- Intuit -RRB- products and services.A major drawback to this program is how it prints invoices and statements . If you want to send your customer a nice PDF of your statement or invoice too bad you ca n't . If you want to send it via e-mail it has to be processed through Quicken which strips out your logo -LRB- if you 've added it -RRB- and you can only send it as an HTML or TXT version then it launches your default e-mail program . What 's that you say ? You use an online fax service or you fax through a fax program ? Well too bad . You ca n't do that through this version of Quicken and I 'm not sure other versions let you either . I thought well then there must be a way I can just save the invoice or statement as a file and then process it any way I want to -LRB- e.g. PDF , image file , fax document etc -RRB- but no way this program wo n't let you do that and they wo n't even address the issue in their help . I had to find out by combing the web and finding other users having the same problem.Another very annoying product feature is that they 've set up defaults to try to get you to have Quicken go online and download your various bank account data from company websites from bank info to creditors . It constantly tries to get you to use Quicken to process these online services . There are a myriad of options and preferences you have to find and deselect so this can take a long time because they hide lots of preferences . It 's been months already and I still cant ' figure out how to get the darn alert message at the beginning to stop alerting me that Quicken 's WebConnect feature is not setup to get all my data.It also defaults to send `` anonymous '' user information via the web back to the Quicken developers at Intuit.I say before you get sucked in check out alternatives . The only one I know of though is Peachtree because I hear the one from Bill Gates is even worse .
 Why I keep wasting my money on Quicken , I will never know . I had the Home & Business before and did n't like it then . I hoped it would be better this time even though the reviews here were not very good on it.Quicken should be called Home Plus , not Home & Business . It may be great for personal bookkeeping , but it doens ' t cut it for a business . It appears to be written for people who know nothing about accounting and do n't want to learn anything about accounting.It you want a good accounting tool for your business , try something else .
 I do n't know how Quicken ever became the leading personal finance program with a program this hard to understand and with clear bugs -LRB- atleast on Windows XP -RRB- . I 'm GREAT with computers , but this program constantly stumps me with an interface that is FAR from intuitive.What 's worse , I suddenly experienced a serious bug in the program that wiped out my customer list ! Quicken does NOT OFFER ANY FREE SUPPORT , EVEN IN SITUATIONS WHERE THERE IS A BUG IN THE PROGRAM . And the online chat support was a disaster . In order to follow the support persons instructions , it closes the chat window and you have to start from scratch . Huh ? AWFUL !! Quicken should be ashamed and people should stop buying the product .
 I have evaluated several products and this one is probably the easiest and the least detailed . I had to wipe my butt with the manual , but since it was so easy to use I didnt need to refer back to the manual .
 I had a broken FAT , and the DiskFixer utility did not recognize the broken drive . The only reason I bought SystemSuite was to recover data on a damaged boot partition drive . The drive was visible to Windows Explorer , but when I clicked on it , Explorer said it was not formatted . SystemSuite 's DiskFixer did n't even show it as a selection to fix ! I tried the PC Diagnostics tool , and that saw the drive and said it was fine . Their FixUp Wizard just skipped the drive . The File Undeleter did not see this drive . V Communications Technical Support 's answer was to try to sell me Data Recovery services . Useless set of tools . R-Studio from R-TT worked GREAT !!!
 Have had nothing but trouble trying to use this product . It crashes each time I try cookie removal , disk defrag , scandisk , etc. . . Had to reinstall w/98 in order to get control of my system back.Have tried several e-mails over a one week span trying to get Ontract support ... Yet , as of this writing , I have had absolutely no reply other than their immediate automated replies acknowledging each of my e-mails . I would not recommend this product to anyone unless they also want to face the probability of a great deal of lost time i.e. ... Having to reinstall w/98 and rebuild their system.I 'm totally disappointed in the product and in the support , as well as in the reviews on this site , which were a major factor in my buying decision ... Will be returning Ontract 's System Suite 2000 and requesting a full refund !
 I 've been a Quicken fan for years . My financial institution just forced me to upgrade from Quicken 2000 Deluxe to Quicken 2002 Basic . I loved Quicken 2000 Deluxe , but Quicken 2002 Basic is a slow , slow , slow memory hog that crashes frequently . As with most software providers , Intuit has also made it very inconvenient and costly to get support . Guess I 'll hafta move on to MS Money .
 Hi , Being and optimist , and creature of habit , I have been an intuit customer for years . Either my transaction database has grown beyond the limits of quicken , or this product has gotten progressively worse . Tonight I just got a `` QW.exe has caused faults and windows is shutting it down . '' I called quicken for customer support , and ended up spending almost $ 100 PLUS TOLL CHARGES to get help to the point where I could load a backup ; nevermind I lost all of my intervening data ... I have also historically had problems porting quicken into turbo tax . Most stuff imports ok , but never everything going perfectly.Finally , my opion is the Intuit products are not all that `` intuitive '' when it comes to the user interface and figuring stuff out .
 1 -RRB- You can not choose your own colors . They give you a choice of several pre-defined color schemes , all of which are guaranteed to hurt your eyes . Intuit , I purposely chose my preferred colors in Windows Control Panel , please use them -LRB- and that includes for the `` Web-Page '' views like the start screen -RRB- .2 -RRB- You can only see one view of your data at a time . The `` Window '' menu is simply not there . So you can forget about looking at your checking account and your loan account registers at the same time .3 -RRB- You can not rely on your keyboard to navigate the views . This means that you have to repeatedly switch between your mouse and your keyboard as you enter data .4 -RRB- Reports are consistenly displayed with columns that are not wide enough to show your data -LRB- even the Date field -RRB- . This means that you have to manually adjust the columns every time you generate a brand-new report .5 -RRB- In the registers , a new window appears at the bottom to display your `` Bills & Scheduled Transactions '' . There is an option to turn off this annoyance , but the next time you start Quicken you can rest assured that it will be back to take up valuable screen space .6 -RRB- On the start page , your `` Bills & Scheduled Transactions '' section will show upcoming bills too soon and some of them will be flagged as overdue even though that is simply not true .7 -RRB- After years and years of upgrades , and now Quicken 2002 itself is on bugfix # 2 , it 's amazing that their user interface is still so bad . I shudder to think that the people at Intuit are actually proud of it .8 -RRB- The application in general is a resource pig , filled with too many gimmicks -LRB- such as unsolicited advertising -RRB- .
 I have read the reviews and Intuit needs to return to the basics of business ... that 's business 101 ... make a quality product that provides value to the customer . I have been using quicken since its DOS versions years ago , and have faithfully upgraded since the year 2000 . Thankfully I did n't upgrade to 2001. , and I 'm not planning on upgrading to 2002 . They NEVER , and I mean NEVER offer a real price incentive to loyal customers ... just the facade of one with an old marketing ... mail in rebate scheme . People ... the product has n't changed hardly since the beginning of its Windows platform ... all the applications they claim you can run , can all be completed on free financial web sites , such as Yahoo , smartmoney.com and even microsoft money . I fully utilize the platform for taxes , investments , etc. . you name it ... and I 'm asking myself where is my incentive to upgrade to new software that a company does n't support ? Crazy ! Consumer need to choose alternative software , such as Microsoft Money and teach Intuit a Market lesson ... do n't treat your customer wrong .
 I have some ISO stock options with my employer which allow me to exercise the options prior to vesting - apparently this is a new tax law for employees of startup companies . Quicken lets you set up a stock option account , and assign a value to the options but when you try to buy/exercise prior to vesting , it says - no options vested , and does n't allow you to purchase!This means when it comes time to sell your capital gains are all screwed up . It makes me wonder if Turbotax can handle these things correctly - yikes!The rest of the program is ok .
 I was previously running Quicken 2000 and loved it . I `` upgraded '' to 2002 hoping to get up-to-date tax information for tax planning and faster recognition of categories based on 2002 's ability to recognize businesses . My recommendation to anyone with 2000 or 2001 is to keep what you 've got.Here are my complaints . First , in order to install 2002 in the default directory , I had to uninstall 2000 . The 2000 version was pre-installed on my computer , so there is no practical way to recover it . You can change the install directory , but I suspect that this will result in numerous conflicts and files not found.The program crashes constantly , although the number of crashes seems to decrease with use.You get bombarded with alerts and suggestions for scheduled transactions that must be cleared out one at a time -LRB- automated alerts is one of the features advertised in this version -RRB- . Buy a book from Amazon.com , and the purchase will appear as an alert for the next month . I continue to get warnings that several accounts are past due , even though they are all up to date and have entries in the register . Several areas show some type of warning icon that I can not get rid of . For example , I have chosen not to supply some information on my bank accounts to Quicken . The result is warning icons on the overview pages for the account.Planning , tax , and investment calculations appear inaccurate . I am also unimpressed by the Quicken 's inability to handle more that one Flexible Spending Account.Finally , as other users have noted , you get bombarded with links for other Quicken services . The bottom of each page provides icons for these services , and I have not yet found a way to turn them off .
 If you own * any * previous version of Quicken , do n't upgrade.Q2002 is a mess , it does not offer * any * significant new features over Q2000 , but many new bugs.Investment tracking still does not work properly , cost basis and holding periods just ca n't be gotten right in the presence of anything as trivial as spin-offs or stock swaps ... Q2002 forces Quicken.com on you , you ca n't use the download feature for stock quotes and from your brokers unless you enable Quicken.com -- now you 're only one accidental click away fromtransmitting your private & sensitive investment data to some `` secure '' server over which you have no control . . Finally , the number of protection faults and other crashes has increased notably over Q2000 .
 I have been a loyal Quicken upgrader for years , and I find myself frustrated with every upgrade . First of all , they do n't give you much of a deal on upgrades for being a loyal customer . Check out MS Money 2002 Deluxe . -LRB- ... -RRB- Missing features
 I am a long , long time Quicken user . I track over 200 stocks using Quicken . I upgraded to 2002 Deluxe from Quicken 99 . It was a disaster . The new program tried to convert my files to the new file system in 2002 and lost them all . It caused a General Windows Fault every time I tried to access my portfolio . I tried to uninstall Quicken 2002 and reinstall Quicken 99 -LRB- which had worked flawlessly for 4 years -RRB- and now it causes Windows to crash.Quicken technical help tried to charge me $ 2.00 / minute to help me . They wo n't even talk to you until you give them your credit card number . The whole thing is a disaster . Why did I ever try to upgrade ?
 I echo others that have had problems with Quicken 2002 . I recently tried to upgrade from 2000 and like others have had problems with the data files being corrupted . Technical support has been no help . It seems that this is a common problem . The program will loose data or corrupt it and then you are lost . The only advice given by technical support is to start over and re-enter each account one at a time . This takes hours and hours . I did this and the program still has glitches . Intuit needs to do a better job of converting the files and making sure all past data can be transported from one version to another . Unlike others , running supervalidate or validate does not correct the problems . Data when recreating the main accounts is not available , such as what was in any retirement planning previously created or data in a home loan that might have been tied to certain accounts . If I had it to do over I would have stayed with Quicken 2000 .
 I am very computer literate , but have never used any of the computer-based money management software before . Having finallydecided to take the plunge and put all our finances on the computer , and figuring that Quicken was a well-known , well-respected name in financial software , we bought the Quicken 2002 Deluxe edition . Quite frankly , the program is awful.It is extremely buggy which is bad enough , but there is VIRTUALLY NO USER SUPPORT !!!! In order to find out how to overcome the bugs in the software , you must pay -LSB- per -RSB- / min -LRB- plus your long distance charges -RRB- to talk to someone who likely can not help you.Unless you already know quicken and so do n't need any help at all , I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE BUYING THIS SOFTWARE .
 Like other reviewers , I have used quicken for many years , and the 2002 program has a much nicer look and feel . The install went well and was easy . Unfortunatly , the program has some serious bugs , I also found the Net Worth , Balance Sheet , and other `` Balance '' reporting reports completly erroroneous . I too was unwilling to pay 1.95 per minute to assist Intuit in de-bugging their code . I was given the program by my bank and am attempting to get their help in getting Intuit to do something . I am probably going back to 2001 . I would not recommend using this product until the bugs are worked out .
 Well . I should have read the reviews more closely and just kept my 1999 version . At least it worked.It installed and converted all my files without a problem . That 's about the best thing I can say.Problems : It 's slow . I have a dual Pentium 3 800 , windows 2000 , and so forth and so on . It CRAWLS on this machine.NOTHING online will work . Not the online quote download , registration , etc. . NOTHING ! Tech support told me that their servers may be running `` better '' by Oct 20th and some versions of the software are having `` problems '' . It 's not my setup as everything else works , including Quicken 1999 Deluxe -LRB- until I uninstalled it to use 2002 Deluxe -RRB- . Anyway , the tech support guy told me specifically that it was a problem on Intuit 's endand for me to be patient . Maybe they should refund the cost of the product and we should say `` Be patient , we 'll pay you when it works '' . Tech support is now about $ 2.00 a minute unless you have one of a few `` listed '' problems . Careful , they even seemed willing to charge me for the knowledge about their servers `` not working '' until I called back and got a person who could communicate adequately.Lots of annoying stuff in the menus like `` Manage Employee Payroll '' . You go there and it brings up an add to sell you something . Being a software engineer myself - I find those kind of marketing tactics in the software EXTREAMELY unattractive.Why diminish a potentially good piece of software with gimmicks.Overall I 'd say I wasted my money because it just is not working . If it worked as billed , as it seems to for some people , I 'd have a much better rating for it . My advice , try Microsoft Money . If I can return Quicken - that 's the route I 'll take . So many bad reviews here on Amazon should have told me something - but I did n't listen thinking it would ` nt happen to me .
 I am a software engineer and am fairly computer literate but I have had significant problems with Quickens UI.Essentially , I wanted a product to download info from my accounts online , store the data and allow me to oganize it into categories so that I could track my spending and manage my budget . Investment type tools would also be a plus.I was disappointed . Quicken rarely seems able to download my account data without having to reconcile which is strange as all the data is in the account statement . I tried categorizing the data and that was an exercize in agony . Each time I modified a register transaction it annoyed me with a prompt . Where are the multiple selection windows.As for investment data . It seems to only be able to do trival charting and I am not sure I trust the results that it returned from the downloaded data . There seemed to be weird outlyers that I had to manually delete.It also seems that Quicken pushes its website way too much . I payed for a program and I end up having to connect online tograph multiple stocks at the same time.So very disappointing . So much so that I will probably try MS Money .
 The last 3 versions of Quicken have been very buggy . This one is no different . I would not recommend buying Quicken until they show some interest in quality . Considering the poor quality of the software , it is very disappointing that they offer no technical support.The biggest problem I have is that it wo n't print . All my other Windows applications print fine . I have also found arithmatic errors , and it crashes often under Windows ME -LRB- this problem has been fixed by upgrading to Windows XP . -RRB-
 I finally bought a bummer from Quicken . After staying at Quicken 98 all this time , I decided to upgrade to Quicken Deluxe 2002 . What a waste of money ! I purchased this mess back in July 2002 , and have already reverted back to the 98 Deluxe version . 2002 is a cluttered , user-unfriendly interface . It automatically creates a list of Scheduled Transactions -LRB- an unmanageable one -RRB- which you have to fight with to go away The list of annoying and tedious `` enhancements '' is too long for this format . STAY AWAY from this version .
 I was a big fan of Quicken 5 years ago , but this version is abysmal . Features that are advertised on the box , but `` discontinued '' , a user interface that takes some time to get used to , and a serious bug that I ca n't get anyone at Quicken to respond to . I created a 401k account , added two mutual funds , gave them both initial balances , then corrected the balances when I found my account information . The problem is that the updated amounts are correct in the register , but are not correct in any other reports . I ca n't get it to refresh the data in the reports without deleting the account . I give up . Going to try to find a copy of Quicken from the mid 90 's .
 I upgraded to Quicken 2002 from 2000 . In the 2 days since I installed it , I have not been able to enter a single transaction . Everything I click freezes my system . I am running Windows 98 and this product is allegedly compatible . I uninstalled it once already and reinstalled . Again the system freezes with something as simple as closing the alerts window . I 'm not just talking about a program freeze . I 'm talking complete , cold reboot . Not even ctrl-alt-del works . I ca n't find anything on the web tech support about it , and I am not about to pay $ 1.95 per minute for phone support . I am going back to Quicken 2000 .
 I have used Quicken since switching from Managing Your Money about 10 years ago . ... I must say I am very disappointed with the current version . I find it less intuitive and friendly than the previous versions and the layout of the My Finances page is not as good as Q2000 . Then I found that the net worth reports and graphs are screwed up . How could Intuit release a product with such a glaring flaw ? If you want to track anything with a home finance program would n't you want to know what you are worth ? If I just wanted to balance my checking account I would use Excel.I have resisted going to MS Money because home finance is about the last software market left not dominated by Microsoft . However , if the current version of Quicken is an indication of the Intuit 's direction I may move to Money in the near future .
 This was the first and last version of Quicken I will use . To be honest , I &#65533; ve never used these financial tools in the past . My new computer came with a copy of Microsoft Money 2002 Deluxe and I started using it . The interface was easy to follow , and it came with a great help system that walks you through all of the features . So when I got of copy of Quicken through work , I decided to give it a shot as everyone always told me how Quicken was far superior to Money.They were wrong . In my opinion , Quicken 2002 is not even in the same league as Microsoft Money 2002 . I put it through the paces and it fell short in every test . My online broker offered full OFX connectivity vs. downloaded QIF files and so I decided to use Quicken to download my transactions . For my mutual fund accounts , I couldn &#65533; t pick the default cost-basis method of first-in-first-out &#65533; Instead , Quicken made me select cost basis for every one of my 130 mutual fund transactions . Money prompted me the first time for cost-basis and asks me if I wanted to make that choice my permanent selection . Money just made it a lot easy for me to import all of the transactions from my broker.My overall impressions is that Quicken has kept its interface clunky and ugly to keep the old Quicken users happy while Microsoft not having the legacy issue has created a very nice user interface that is actually intuitive and just simply works better . In a nutshell , I would pass on this release .
 I am a veteran user of Personal Finance software ... having started using Managing Your Money nearly 15 years ago with the purchase of my first -LRB- 20 meg hard drive -RRB- 286 computer . MYM served me well until both the system became outdated and I ` switched ' through my bank to Quicken . What was a tremendous idea and approach 15 years ago now has evolved into layers and layers of complexity . While Quicken can be used for simple checkbook tracking and reconciliation , the menu-laden program seems much more difficult to use . I have now created a much simpler version within Excel which serves my simple purposes most simplistically . Quicken should offer a $ 9.95 feature-free checkbook version .
 Something is truly brain dead about the web-style user interface in Quicken 2002 Deluxe.Discovering how to write a check is a major research project.Menu links appear and disappear as you `` browse '' through the application.The impulse to improve the interface was noble , but something went terribly wrong in the execution .
 This is not technically a reveiw , since I 've not used Quicken 2002 . Considering upgrading from a prior version , I looked through the various material on Intuit 's site to see if it had a feature that has been long needed and yet is missing
 I ordered this product when I started my own business . I have to say that this is probably the biggest waste of time and money I have ever seen . It is so far and away the least user friendly program ever.I am a first time user and my sister told me she used Quicken on her job -LRB- not 2001 -RRB- and if she could use it , so could I . She was so wrong . Her program had already been set up by the in-house bookkeeper so she essentially entered data only . I have no way of knowing how to set up my books and the instructions do n't show me how . I need basic bookkeeping , not instructions on how to build a rocket .
 I have appreciated and enjoyed Quicken ever since version 1.0 . I 've spent hundreds and hundreds of dollars on upgrades . It has really helped me organize and monitor my finances . I used to be a fanatic Quicken fan -- that is , until I purchased Quicken 2002 Deluxe . I found that the program ran much slower than the previous version , the net worth reports and graphs did n't work at all , and I can not customize reports since I continue to get `` Not enough memory to customize reports '' error messages . Since I have 512M of RAM and Quicken is the only app open I do n't believe this is my problem . I reported a bug for each of these problems and could find no information on the online help . I thought I would try and see if there was some patch or workaround direct from Intuit . Little did I know this was the beginning of the end of my relationship with Intuit.After some work I found the help numbers which stated there could be a $ 1.95 / minute charge for assistance . However , if the problem was a defect the call would be at no charge . -LRB- That 's for toll calls -- toll free is $ 1.95 / min from the start . -RRB- So far , so good . The operator who answered my call took down some information and told me I would need to give her my credit card number before speaking to the product support engineer , and that the engineer would make the determination whether this was a defect and then inform me that the timer was started . A bit leery , I passed along the credit card info and was connected . The engineer asked me if I was aware that a charge could apply to this call -- I said yes , only after he started the timer . He then informed me he was starting the timer ! You can imagine my frustration went instantly to the boiling point ! I immediately told him the program was defective , that I was not going to pay $ 1.95 / minute to help them figure it out , GOOD BYE ! I am truly not the kind of person who hangs up on anyone , but with a problem that I believe a defect on their part , it was absolute insult to injury to have to pay for it .2002 Quicken buyers beware ! There may be other issues you have with this program and you will be completely at Intuit 's mercy.I doubt I will ever buy an Intuit product again .
 I have been using Quicken for years and usually upgrade from the previous year . When 2002 Deluxe was introduced I purchased the program and did the install . Then the nightmare began . During the conversion I lost an incredible amount of data . After calling customer service -LRB- an ordeal in and of itself -RRB- I was told that this is not an uncommon problem . Their solution was to enter the old data for the previous year transaction by transaction.After almost six months of using the `` upgrade '' I 've run into one bug after the other . Data mysteriously disappears and reappears . Statements that I thought had been reconciled correctly turn out to be incorrect when subsequent statements are reconciled . The program crashes on both NT -LRB- an iron horse of an operating system -RRB- and 2000 . I 'm constantly prompted to synchronize with Quicken.com even though I 've synchronized . I wo n't even talk about the amount of advertising built into the product.And that brings me to the last item . One would think that with the amount of advertising and promotion built into the program that Intuit could provide at least a basic level of techinical support for what is an unbelievably buggy program . Their support can only be described as shameful . SHAMEFUL . It feels downright scammy when you call . Even the agents are often embarrassed by their system.There was a time when Quicken was a great product with great service . I guess that now that it has a stranglehold on the personal financial software market we can look forward to even more dreadful customer service . Thank God for Amazon because I thought I was the only one having this kind of trouble .
 I previously owned Quicken 6 Deluxe and upgraded to Quicken 2002 Deluxe in April 2002 . This review will compare the 2 versions of Quicken.The checkbook ledger capability of the program is good . If that is all you want , 2002 will be okay for you . I like the ability to download credit card transactions.In 2002 the usefulness of downloading brokerage investment information is useless to me because even with the information download , the detailed maintenance is too time consuming . I like the simple maintenance of the Asset type account.I really liked the financial planning feature of 6 . It was easy to enter financial data and the the financial planning software would optionally print out detailed expense , income , etc. reports and graphs in either current dollar or future dollar values . 2002 does not support any of these features.In 2002 , maintenance of account information for the financial planner is very time consuming . Future dollar reports do not exist . Detailed planning reports do not exist.One of the uses of the detailed reports was to perform a sanity check on the financial planning output.It is always possible that I am overlooking how to do the things I want to do , but if so , the instructions and user interface do not make the job easy . If you want good financial planning software , look elsewhere , like Quicken 6 .
 After reading through the reviews for Quicken 2002 , I was surprised about the number of reported problems , not only with this version , but also 2001 and 2000 . I have been a long-time Quicken user , currently on version 2000 and considering upgrading to 2002 . However , I have also had extensive problems getting my 2000 version to handle the interface with online brokerage accounts from TD Waterhouse , Fidelity , and Morgan Stanley . Some data updates , and some does n't . On-line account histories download from one brokerage , but others are only partially downloaded . The bottom line , I ca n't trust the data reported in Quicken.The checking account feature has always been fine , but using more advanced features is problematic . After considering the options and input from others , I 'll stick with Quicken Deluxe 2000 - at least I know the problems I have without generating new ones.I do n't know if Intuit monitors these reviews , but perhaps we can hope they do ; and , work on a comprehensive product update in underway .
 This version has lost a lot of it 's visual pollish . We can only hope an update will fix some of the features that have been LOST since earlier versions . In '98 I could change the fonts used for registers ! No more . My eyes hurt to look at it . But alas , I have 10 years of my life in there , I could n't jump ship now .
 After a month or so of use , I 've found many conspicuous and a few not-so-conspicuous bugs in this version of Quicken which make it decidedly flawed relative to previous versions.First off , the installer does n't work on UFS partitions , although you can install the software by just dragging the Quicken folder from the install CD onto your hard drive.Next problem is that Cmd-Q does n't quit the application ! It 's hard to fathom , but true.Help wo n't open -LRB- maybe related to UFS and locating the help files -RRB- . One of my transactions mysteriously un-reconciled and the re-reconcile function does n't work . Trying to add a new subcategory crashes the application . You ca n't automatically pay credit card bills after reconciling . Etc.Oh , and it _ still _ ca n't handle stock options in a reasonable way .
 I had a very bad experience trying to get Quicken to import my downloaded bank data . After several failed attempts to use the Internet setup assistant in the program , I finally switched over to trying to manually configure my browser -LRB- IE 5.1 for OS X -RRB- to recognize Quicken as the proper application for the . qfx file once it 's downloaded . It 's necessary to go to Quicken help to find out how to do this , and even then , you have to watch Explorer closely during download to get the proper MIME type.After spending several hours trying to do this , the download finally triggered a launch of Quicken , and I was asked for a password . I tried all sorts of PIN numbers , account numbers , clearing out the PIN Vault , etc. . No go . There 's no hint on the Quicken or the Fleet site what to do about this , and I 've logged way too much time on what should have been a simple import .
 I upgraded from 2000 and there is not much that has changed . The same problems are still there and they added some new ones . The newest annoyance is that you can only use one rebate - either the upgrade rebate OR the turbo-tax rebate , so if you already own quicken there is no incentive to purchase turbotax , especially since most reviews say Taxcut is the better program . In summary , if you already own a version of quicken - keep using it , this version does n't add much and certainly is n't worth the upgrade .
 I upgraded from Quicken Deluxe 2001 to 2002 . Results : Crashed repeatedly when i tried to delete all previous quickfill transactions . -LRB- Yes i have the latest update . -RRB- So i exported everything to . qif format , created a new file , and imported . Problems
 I almost could n't believe that quality control let this out of the door at Intuit . We bought two new OS X machines and are switching from Win 2K . Quicken seemed logical to switch to on the Mac . I heavily use MS Money 2001 on the PC and knew the switch would be easy.This software has so many obvious bugs it 's terrible -- dates do not work properly , you ca n't schedule bills for anything except 2020 !! -LRB- ? -RRB- , the columns are n't movable so that when you view a loan the column cuts off the year for the payment listing.I tried very very hard to switch , investing approximately 25 + hours over the past week . I am sending this product back to Intuit for a refund . I 'll be buying virtual PC and running Money.Perhaps if you use your financial program to simply keep a check register it would be O.K.Don ' t waste your cash .
 Do not pay for this . This came preinstalled on my eMac . What a waste ! It often quits unexpectedly ! I was using Quicken Deluxe 99 on Windows 95 and I never had so many problems as I do with this version . The layout is unintuitive , and nearly unusable . It spawns a new window for every account . There is just so much that I ca n't do in this version that I could on the Windows version . Customization is one . Another is that the reports are limited to 64 columns , I had hundreds of columns QD99 under Win95 . I could understand if the current Windows version had extra features but this is 4 years later ! How Intuit could release such rubbish baffles me .
 I know , I 'm an adult - do n't even have kids so what am I doing with this game ? Well , I 'm interested in games , have not been entirely satisfied with the ea sports games I 've tried and heard good things about this series , so when I ran across a cheap 2005 hockey I thought I 'd try it out . I found it disappointing enough that I probably would not try another backyard game and would not really recommend this to anyone be they 6 or 600 . I 've rated it on the following factors that are important to me.Story
 I have used Quicken Delux for 7 years , with updates to vers . 5.5 f.Then I bought the Quicken 2002 , and what a mess . There is adverisement for Quicken/Intuit products that take 1/5 of the screen , and they can NOT be removed . It was so annoying , I nwent to Money 2000 by Microsoft . Even though Money 2000 does not have the smooth performace of Quicken , it is a pleasure to use WITHOUT the annoying unmovable ads .
 I had used Quicken 99 Basic for a few years and was pleased with it . When Quicken 2002 was available essentially free with the TurboTax rebate , I got it . But , I have n't noticed an increase in value . Granted , I do n't use the online bill paying features , so many there are some improvements there , but for the run-of-the mill stuff , I find it a lesser product.First , it almost tries to assist you too much . It is always trying to suggest scheduled transactions and ends up cluttering up the reminders page . It seems very laborious to tweak those transactions that you do have scheduled for any given month.Also , I think that they are misleading on the capabilities displayed on the box . It claims to have budgeting capabilities . However , the only budget function it allows is to view your spending versus budget . You can not establish the budget to begin with . I think the only reason I have any budget information in there is because it transfered when I upgraded from 99 -LRB- which did allow you to set a budget -RRB- . Now , apparently establishing budgets is part of the `` planning '' function and that 's not available on Basic , just Deluxe . It think this was very misleading .
 I have been a Quicken Basic 98 user for some time and had used other versions of Quicken dating back to 1994 -LRB- starting on a Macintosh -RRB- . I have been overall quite pleased with prior versions and the only reason I upgraded to Quicken 2002 was because Intuit elected not to continue to support online banking for Quicken Basic 98 ... In getting Quicken 2002 set up , I was unable to upload my last eight years of data to my laptop . I kept getting a message stating there was not enough memory although my laptop has a pentium chip and 96 MB of RAM . Before jumping out of the window of my 35th floor apartment , I decided to try installation on my desktop PC . Fortunately this effort was successful so my wife will have to live with me for a while longer . Maybe I just need time to get used to Quicken 2002 , but the layout seems much less user-friendly and , quite frankly , a bit busy and confusing . I also had issues getting my online banking set up , although I attribute these issues to my lousy bank and not Quicken -LRB- why it should take 5-7 business days for me to get a password to enable me to utilize a service they will continue to charge me for is beyond me - and I only spent about 30 minutes on hold to get low level of service -RRB- . Guess I will have fun not balancing my checkbook this weekend . Better luck to those of you brave enough to continue to utilize Quicken . Not sure I will go through another upgrade myself .
 I have spent days trying to download my bank transactions just to be told I have to register - which I did right at the start . The registration is asked for a second time but only allows for an American address . Being Canadian this makes things a bit awkward . I tried calling the ` support ' line but they wo n't even talk to you without your credit card number ! I never had this much trouble with the trial version . I 'm still not in a position to use it even now ! If I knew what I would be up against I never would have gotten the software . I gave this one star because I still have a little hope I 'll figure this all out soon ...
 Quicken 2002 will not restore from my Quicken 2001 data . So I ca n't use 6 years of data . Quicken tech support tried but could not get Quicken 2002 to restore with my old data from Quicken 2001 . Quicken 2001 still works great . So I am sending Quicken 2002 back for a refund .
 I have always been a Quicken user until I got a new computer that had Microsoft Money on it . I tried it , but just did n't like it as well as Quicken . I also tried Tax Cut and decided that I will stick with the Intuit products as they are much more friendly . I just bought the latest TurboTax and Quicken 2002 , with the great rebate . The most important feature to me is being able to enter transactions from a different computer . I care nothing about being able to download from my bank , etc. . From the description , I thought Quicken Basic would allow me to do this . I installed the program , imported everything from Money and after about 2 hours of searching every help page , I find that this feature is not available on the Basic package . I feel they misrepresented the product and I have now switched back to Money .
 You can no longer upload bank information because the product is not supported . I could not register or use the software that I just purchased .
 Quicken is the only software I have used to write checks and I have always liked and recommended it . With the 2002 , I have found out you can not use the CTRL-C and CTRL-L shortcuts when you are in a split transaction page . I use these two keys all the time because they are a time saver . I was told by Quicken support they are not usable in 2002 . I returned the 2002 and went back to 1999 version .
 Product was not full version as implied . In order to use it I had to call company and pay more money . Would never buy from here again .
 Not a real improvement over previous versions . It is still difficult to navigate , and complicated to do simple things . This software does not make accounting any easier than real accounting work . For a more simple , effective approach , check out Moneydance by Appgen Personal Software . It runs great on Windows -LRB- and even on Macs and Linux -RRB- , and it imports Quicken files .
 A frustrating , counter-intuitive , and unnecessarily difficult program . The people at this company are very knowledgeable about music ; they just need to hire a software designer and some support people . Here 's my first-hand example of what to expect : The first problem I hit was trying to add a pickup measure mid-score ; a simple thing ... or so I thought . The instructions were an overly involved work-around obviously engineered by a user and which did n't work . I contacted `` support '' , who offered , `` That 's exactly how I do it and it works fine for me . '' Period.I thanked this person for confirming that I had followed the instructions correctly , and asked if we could get to the matter of why it was n't working . I was asked to send the file . So I uploaded it and clicked `` submit '' ... ERROR ! I informed this person that their attachment tool was broken . Same response , `` Works fine for me . '' My , that was certainly some helpful info ... both times.It 's no secret that this software line is notoriously user-hostile ; take a glance at its user forums . But this program is n't just poorly designed ; it 's broken . `` Support '' confirmed this . And there were other things that did n't work . Also , the `` search '' feature of the `` manual '' is broken too . For example , the search term `` pickup '' yielded 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- results . This word even appears in some headings of the `` manual '' . In short , nearly everything is just difficult.Sorry , I gave this program and this company every chance ; they blew it . If you want notation software that really is user-friendly , I suggest spending 15-20 bucks and getting `` Melody Assistant '' by a company called Myriad . -LRB- I have no ties to this company ; I 'm just a delighted user . -RRB- It does everything imaginable , including singing vocal music via a synthesized voice , a great tool and something the Finale line can only dream of doing . Great documentation that yields tons of search results ... very helpful ones too . And even if you do n't like it , at least you 're not out $ 170 or so like I am after buying Allegro 2005 .
 Maybe I 'm missing something , but I ca n't find where this new version imported my notes on people . Also this one left out the burial location . I 'm going back to my old version .
 I bought this product because FTM 16 that I have been using for a couple of years crashed on me and the original disk would not reinstall . I purchased another copy in hopes that a new disk would get me back in business . It has the same problem as my original disk and will not install on my XP Professional Computer . I do n't think it fair to blame my problem on the particular copy of FTM or Amazon . I am not sure whether to blame Ancestry.com or Microsoft for my difficulties .
 Family Tree Maker Version 16 Standard -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- This product was defective from the start . It contained a complete family history from an unknown family . My preexisting Family Tree maker data would not download correctly . The seller , NothingButSoftware , would return my money but the process was complex , would take six to eight weeks for the refund and I would have to pay the shipping . For $ 27 it was n't worth the effort . Next time I 'll buy directly from Family Tree Maker .
 I was not completely satified with this software . It was not made clear that I would have to buy more software to complete my genology search .
 If you purchase this particular type of WS , you are going to lose $ 100.00 , there is not great differences between Redhat 9.0 and Fedora Core 1,2 , anybody is able to get them for free , Rednat support is lousy , it is like talking to a wall , you have to provide your own support , the updating procedures are lousy too , and they can be obtained thru the internet , you will be getting less features than in the old personal and professional box ,4032 packages compared to 6,632 from Fedora , it is a big difference , no more books , no more DVD disks . It is time to move to another distro like Suse or Mandrake that even provide better customer service , if you do not like their products , you obtain an RMA , it can be returned to them , win RedHat PWS , your money is gone to the trash , it is not the old Professional set , it is the personal set with network updating , it is not their enterprise software neither , it is only named like that , but it is the same old personal set that will cost you more money , and if you want to read about it , you must spend $ 55.00 more dollars to buy a book from a book vendor
 For what this redhat workstation cost me , one would think that it would work like it should . Software patches , how many bugs can this Redhat have , I have never seen so many patches to download in my life . I spent hours downloading and the system would hang up and quit responding ! How any can say this is worth 5 starts , maybe a NEGATIVE 5 rating!This has to be the biggest over-rated bunch of NON-working software I have ever purchased . If you liked Windows 3.1 then this is for you . Not only that at least Windows has applications , this Redhat has a bunch of apps that do n't work , or you ca n't figure them out ...
 If time was money I would be a rich woman after spending hours with my pc thanks to linux . It is about as easy getting devices to work as have dental work without numbing medication . Whoever states that Linux is cheaper to run than Windows does not own a business . It costs more money in the fact it never works right or you have a application crash with a ` SEGV ' error . AGGRRR , I think now I have some very expensive coasters for drinks ... I am going back to Windows something that WORKS !
 After purchasing this software I quickly found outthat you are your own ` support ' person . If someapplication does not work , then you have to searchon the internet , or user forum . I do n't know aboutyou but I do NOT trust complete strangers on theinternet . It is like inviting someone into yourhouse you do n't know . If you want to use Adobe youcan forget it because they do not make any softwarefor Linux . And several other popular Windows apps thatare not there . So in the end I wound up buying a MAC , atleast there is software available and MS Office !
 Be warned , despite the product description , not all the games included are Mac compatible . The Oregon Trail 5 and Liberty 's Kids games work , which are okay games , nicely updated , maybe a little boring . However , ClueFinders and Where in the USA is Carmen Sandiego do NOT work . These are reasons I bought the pack .
 Very ornery product . But there are not a lot of options for a Treo 600 user .
 I thought that it was a software , but was surprised to get a book . Who really has a time to go through the book .
 With this book you get what you pay for . I found the content to be simple . The volume appear to be impressive . This was until I found that the work only contained four or five lines per page . I would not recommend this book .
 Is there sucha thing as NO STARS ? I was told I could program my Ipod on my Windows ME Gateway computer using this disc ... packaging on disc box and case says same ... It has turned out to be a bust ... no can do ... money down the drain . Anyone want to buy it and try it ? ... It was a waste of money to me . No instructions , no phone support to get help WHILE trying to utelize it . . BUST . MY Ipod still is n't programmed . . , . another waste of money as it turns out . . to date . . purchased week before Christmas ...
 I have been buying software for computers for almost 20 years now , and this is one of the worst experiences I 've ever had with a software purchase . Despite the fancy `` iPod family '' packaging , there is no manual in the box . The support info on the CD is skeletal , as is the website . Upon calling Media4 customer support , the individual I talked with knew next to nothing about the XP operating system - even though the program is marketed to both Windows and Mac users . There is better freeware out there that actually does what , as far as I can tell , Xplay only says it does .
 Try as I might I could not get the software for disc 1 to work on my otherwise healthy , happy and virus free computer . I tried exchanging the disc and using different computers , but no luck .
 My first impression of COSMI 's 5000 Photo Objects was , `` I want my money back ! '' However , after spending some time looking at each image carefully , I 've upgraded my evaluation to `` I paid too much for this . '' I 'm writing a long review of a ten dollar product because I do n't like getting ripped off , and you should n't either.The good news is that the images have no background , so you can insert them into other documents or websites without seeing a clunky square around them . However , these are all JPG images , not transparent GIFs , so you may have to convert them before using them without backgrounds . I believe JPG retains color and clarity better than GIF , and that 's probably why they 're used.I was hoping to use these images for several projects I am working on , and out of 5,000 I would estimate that about 10-20 are useful for that purpose . And I 'll be somewhat embarassed to use those 10-20 . That 's why I paid too much.The JPG images are readily available in subdirectories labeled by category -LRB- see below -RRB- . However , much of the root directory is filled with COSMI software . I would recommend NOT installing any of the included software , since cheap CDs like this often contain spyware and other nasty things . Instead , just view the images from your browser.The bad news is :1 . The images are not very large . Most are smaller than 640x480 -LRB- the typical screen resolution in 1985 -RRB- .2 . All images have a very sterile , staged `` catalog '' feel . This makes them all look terribly cheesy despite the professional photography and good lighting . The people look like models -LRB- i.e. , they do n't look human -RRB- .3 . A lot of images are repeated * many * times at different angles or with slight variations . For example , out of the 5,000 photos you pay for , 52 of them are close-ups of a dentist 's drill bit , and there are about 50 more that are similar to that . There are probably only 50 unique `` people '' images , but they are repeated at different angles for a total of more than 1,000 photos .4 . Images with light edges look awful while browsing because they blend with the white background , so you ca n't see the edges . However , they probably look much better when added to a different color background .5 . I ca n't imagine where most of these photos would ever be useful . -LRB- Example
 This disk has a reasonably good selection of fruits and vegetables , and random household/office items , but beyond that , it 's not too impressive . The lack of animals -LRB- aside from insects and one taxidermy duck -RRB- and vehicles is particularly disappointing.The images are all fairly low-resolution -LRB- no more than 500 pixels on their longer dimension -RRB- . Also , these images do not have transparent backgrounds -- all of the images are in JPG format with white backgrounds . I 'm not sure what the `` Work with multiple vector-based clipping paths '' part of the product description is referring to -- there do not seem be any clipping paths associated with the images on the disk.Overall , I think it 's worth the $ 1.74 I paid for it , but it 's not worth much more than that .
 ok lets take a jurney into spy kids mega mission zoneone of the shortest stupedis most frustrating games ever releasd EVER !!!!!!!!!! . no serisly this game was met for 9 and 10 year olds and im 12 and this is the hardest game ever.even thow the graphics are in the avrige range the sound and vidio quality are great ! to be perifcly onest i ownly got this game becuss it works on my mac ! and i got exacly what i expected.ok lets get off that subject and onto the missions thare count it 3 types of missions raceing , platforming , boss -LRB- puzzle -RRB- . racethe aim at these missions is to get your boat or magnet thing to the end of the cource with out crashing medimplatformfrustraiting nuff said the goal is to get somting then to bring it someware ... be prepaird to toss your keybord out the f *** ing window !!!!!!! puzzlethese are more like boss levles then an puzzle these are easy and crapstelf ya forgot these mostly becuss thay are th only fun part in the gameand thats wye this game gets an two out of 5 ******************** end **********************
 I think the title says it all . My 9 and 6 year old did n't find it interesting at all . They became frustrated with it almost immediately .
 How does swill like this ever find its way onto the store shelves ? I could n't even figure out a way to save the name-address-tel # data that gets written onto each card . There are no templates for Avery stock , just an inscrutable tool to adjust the printed edges in fifty mind-bending steps that were not explained . All other GUI features are just as poorly thought out , assuming the word `` thought '' even applies here . I bought the product because it was just $ 10 , but it would have been a very poor value even for $ 2 . Office Max would n't take it back , so I guess I 'm stuck with it .
 We started a small business and I thought this program would save us some money by allowing us to print our own business cards . However , there is no instruction book with the program and this program is very difficult to navigate even for an advanced user . Would not recommend .
 Prior to ordering , I was assured this product was compatible with my XP operating system . Upon receipt , I discovered that it was not .
 I have used Peachtree for several years , and recently installed the 2002 version . While 2002 is somewhat improved , for me , it still carries some of the same frustrations as earlier versions . -LRB- I only continue to use it because it is the system my excellent accountant supports . -RRB- Peachtree Complete is a powerful , moderately easy-to-use program . However , this user is extremely frustrated at the inability to access data in ways that are meaningful to the user . An accounting program like this is based on a large database , which should be freely available to analyze in any way a user chooses . Unfortunately , the designers of Peachtree think they know better than the user what the user needs . So they only provide a limited number of reports.True , they allow you to buy an . . add-on program , Crystal Reports , to customize your reports . But why should n't that simple functionality be built in to Peachtree ? And even with Crystal Reports , it is still not possible to link time tickets to reports.If your application involves billable time for clients , this program is not for you ! It is impossible to manage a professional services project without the ability to generate good project management reports showing how much time -LRB- and the associated cost -RRB- has been expended on a project for the various tasks . It appears that Peachtree was designed for businesses that sell things , not for businesses that sell services . This user hopes Peachtree will wake up one day and realize how many small and mid size businesses -LRB- their stated target market -RRB- are service businesses that bill for time . Until then , this user relies on a separate time tracking spreadsheet system to manage projects , at a heavy burden in unnecessary overhead time .
 Peachtree accounting does not serve the small business client . The best value on small business accounting software is Quickbooks Pro Series . I am an accountant that specializes in small business . My professional opinion is Peachtree is not user friendly and you are not able to easily format it for your business . Quickbooks is easily customized for your individual business and it is a superb program . Quickbooks will work well for the business owner as well as your accountant . Do n't waste your money on Peachtree !
 Peachtree accounting does not serve the small business client . The best value on small business accounting software is Quickbooks Pro Series . I am an accountant that specializes in small business . My professional opinion is Peachtree is not user friendly and you are not able to easily format it for your business . Quickbooks is easily customized for your individual business and it is a superb program . Quickbooks will work well for the business owner as well as your accountant . Do n't waste your money on Peachtree !
 I purchased an earlier version of this program in 2001 and was disappointed by the poor search capabilities . For example , in the check register I was unable to search by account number . There are only a limited number of fields -LRB- 4 or 5 depending on where you are in the program -RRB- in which one can search for transactions.You are limited to only about 30 characters in the memo field and can not search on that field to retrieve a transaction.There is a pop-up list of accounts by account number , but not by account name . So , if you remember the number of the account it is easy to enter , but difficult by account name.Support is VERY expensive . Peachtree Accounting once sold for $ 5,000 . They have been forced by competition to cut their price , but seem determined to make it back on support.The only free support you get when you buy the program relates to setting it up -LRB- NOT operating the program -RRB- . After that you pay -- by subscription , by 900 number or by credit card . The written materials that accompany the program are limited and the built in help is not always clear.By the way , I was in Public Accounting some years ago , so I am better prepared than most to deal with accounting programs.In general , this program is clumsier than the cheap DOS program I bought in 1988 ! I would have continued using it for my business , but it died when Y2K arrived . I 'm still looking for a basic , easy to use program for my small business .
 First Accounting is lacking a search function . As a result , you ca n't look up a transaction by check number or any other criterion . You can only create a report for a specific time period and then hope to find your transaction there . Leaving out the search function seriously diminishes the usefulness of the product.My second complaint regards the sales journal . Sales accounts are defined by customer , and each customer can be linked to only one kind of sale . I run a construction company that sells and services equipment in one transaction . Peachtree only allows me to record a sale for one of the two types of revenue that I receive . Therefore , I am forced to record service income as equipment sales , or vice-versa . What a limitation !
 PeachTree Accounting has been a disappointment on a number of fronts.To start , it has bugs . The program has made GJ entries on its own . The entries are locked in some way . I can not open them to view , edit , or delete them . As a result , my numbers are not accurate.Secondly , the documentation is atrocious . For example , there is a button labeled `` prepayment '' on the receipts window . There is no explanation anywhere , in PeachTree documentation or otherwise , describing how this button works . In fact the button is very counter-intuitive and seems to have nothing to do with prepayments/deposits . I have yet to figure it out . Unfortunately , the program does n't let me reverse entries that have been made using this button . Again , my books are not accurate.Thirdly , the search function does not allow seaching by Payee . It only allows searches by Vendor , which is a separate field . Therefore , if you write a check to Pep Boys , but do not enter PB as a vendor , it is not easily possible to find the transaction.Fourth , the program forces you to close all windows and change accounting periods every time an entry for a month outside of the current period must be recorded.Lastly , it is obvious that this company is trying to make its living selling support contracts . Every time you call while under warranty , they push the extended support is pushed hard . The lack of documentation and general opaqueness of the product make it hard to use without the support contract . There must be a better product out there.Sincerely , Gary Kulp
 Since the first version in the early nineties , I 've used every version of Peachtree Complete for Windows , upgrading as each new version was issued . And I came within a smidgen of making the mistake of installing Peachtree Complete Accounting for Windows 2002 over version 8.0.02 . Fortunately I read an insert included in the packaging just in time.Peachtee has always aggressively marketed their payroll service , as do other publishers of accounting software , but to Peachtree 's credit they also provided a way for the customer to edit his own tax tables . With an IRS Employer 's Tax Guide in hand , it was easy to do - took only about 10 minutes . But with PCA 2002 thegreedy devils have eliminated that option REQUIRING tax updates to be purchased from Peachtree . Not only that but they insult the intelligence of the customer with the following transparent prevarication : `` In Release 2002 Peachtree has made modifications to the software to protect your investment in a subscription to the Payroll Tax Service . Peachtree will begin requiring customers using the Payroll module to purchase and register a tax service subscription before they can access the global tax tables . `` Protect my investment ??? What baloney !! They are simply following the lead of the likes of Microsoft , Intuit , etc. . ALL it does for me is increase the cost of using their product.When it was released , version 8 was far and away the most functional and flexible small business accounting system for the money and it does everything I need . Though I 've already purchased it , I do n't plan to install 2002 . My advice for anyone using version 8 is to stick with it ; if you are looking for a new accounting package , try to find the latest build of version 8 - surely there are some still on shelves .
 I have been sucessfully using a multi-user Peachtree accounting program for 2 years on my existing network . Recently I received a notice from Peachtree stating that they would no longer support the version I was using . Therefore , I upgraded to the 2002 version.Installing Peachtree Complete Accounting 2002 caused my network to crash . There was an SQL database engine compatibility problem . Evidently , I have another -LRB- very important dental practice management -RRB- program that uses a newer version of SQL than this product uses . Therefore , they ca n't be installed together . I have since learned that this is a well documented problem with Peachtree.My business was severely impaired . We spent the entire day fixing the network and re-installing key programs.Most frustrating were my interactions with Peachtree 's help desk . Finally they said , `` Peactree wo n't work on your network . '' They told me the only way to fix the problem was to install their product on another computer separate from the network . Duh ! That negates having a networked Peachtree program!I wish they had told me this before selling me an incompatible program ... I would n't have wasted my money . -LRB- To date they have not refunded my purchase either . -RRB- I also was forced to purchase a tax update which seemed excessive since I had just upgraded to the new version . This happened about 1 month after they sold me the new product!I have since been told that Quick Books Pro is a better product and that it does not have this problem . I am seriously considering switching programs despite the cost and headaches involved with doing so . You may consider researching this product before buying Peachtree 2002 . At least check with all of your current software vendors before purchasing this one !
 They must still be using clay tablets or something .
 I purchased this item because my son loves playing the i spy funhouse . The problem is that not only are you unable to play it on newer computers , it also has some type of spyware on it that creates havic with desktop images and other visuals . It resulted in a costly repair . Had I known that it does not work well with windows xp -LRB- which it says it does -RRB- I would have never purchased the product . Maybe the ispy manufacture needs to find a better way to enter into the 21st century . I had the same problem with `` can you see what I see ? '' Dream maching -- Do n't buy that one either -- it 's a huge waste of money !
 If you buy the Jumpstart Phonics be sure to get the right version . 1.01 is total junk . Very outdated . Tells you to press the `` return key '' and use the arrows instead of the mouse . I sat for 20 minutes and did my best to get my 4 year old interested . With all the other software he had he just got totally frustrated as did I ! . With all that said I will probably buy the new version which is what I was trying to buy all along !
 We own other Jump Start Products . This is certainly not up to their usual standards . Trying to use the microphone is extrememly irritating . I do n't know if it 's because my voice is the voice of an old person or if its because my grand daughter does not speak plainly -LRB- do most three year olds ? but the voice interaction is very unsatisfactory as it never seems to understand what we say and keeps asking us to repeat it .
 My nine year-old daughter liked playing this game , but the program is filled with too many bugs & glitches . We called the software support help-line and talked to a perfectly nice guy who had no idea how to help us -LRB- it turned out that he knew next to nothing about the Sabrina software -RRB- . In the end , we finally gave up and left the software on a shelf , where it sits today . Very frustrating !
 it was unclear from the tech specs available at Amazon that this card would not fit the newer Garmin GPS units with the smaller data cards . I returned it , but so far have n't received any notification that Amazon has received it or gotten any credit on my credit card
 I purchased this update for use during our time driving in Ireland and England , early summer 2011 . Several times in the 10 days of travel we were on roads and highways -LRB- carriageways and motorways -RRB- that were not in the software . I found out these roads have been in use at least one year . If this is considered current then I doubt it is worth the money . In addition , during this trip the software seemed to often choose odd , inefficient routes . I checked and rechecked the settings to make sure it was set to fastest and not just shortest , and that it was not set to avoid highways , etc. . We would drive by short routes to a highway , to drive through town to get on the highway we could have been on earlier . This happens once in a while in the States , but this summer in Ireland it was frequent and frustrating . Bottom line - I will not buy another update from Garman . The cost is already almost that of a new device - but the bigger issue is the fact that the software is not current , and not accurate .
 The detailed map is not so good because does not include certain points such as tolls , bumps and radar indication .
 I tried this product in the `` Interior '' of Sao Paulo.It did not have a listing for the airport that we flew into . Using it to give directions from the airport to our destination was a disaster . It wanted us to go through every small town and down the frontage roads of the `` freeway '' , rather then stay on the `` freeway '' . At our destination , it wanted us to drive the wrong way on the one way streets , was off aprox 100 meters , or one street all of the time.Based on what I saw , this product is not ready for use outside of the big cities .
 Happily I just received this , in Europe that is , nice toy from Garmin . I live in Rio de Janeiro , the second biggest city in Brazil and there are a lot more mapping to do before this fills the purpose . Even in the city core of Rio most numbers of the streets are missing and if your go a few kilometers outside , nothing , nothing exists.Actually , I find the product far from ready in Brazil . Shame on you Navteq -LRB- and Garmin -RRB- , this one should have came with a steep `` beta '' discount , if at all .
 We found this to be completely useless on our trip to Ireland in June . We rented a car in Killarney and drove the Ring of Kerry , the Ring of Dingle , and up through The Burren to Galway . Thank goodness we had a map from the rental car company and a guide book with halfway decent maps . The Garmin could not recognize most of the addresses for our hotels and could n't even find a lot of the towns . I 'd say over 80 % of the time it did n't even show us as being on a road and I took one picture where it thought we were driving in the ocean.I do n't know whether it would be useful in Dublin . Like I would imagine most people do , we used public transportation there . It was a complete waste of money . I am considering writing the company to complain and requesting a refund .
 After being beholden to the Garmin for getting us through Spain last summer , I did n't hesitate to buy the Garmin map for Ireland . Fortunately I had read other reviews of the chip and was prepared to find some roads unaccounted for by the Garmin . We were fine getting around Dublin and the route toward Cork , Kinsale and on to Kenmare . Heading north along the west coast , however , we were terribly disappointed by the Garmin . Beyond Trabert into County Clare and the large city of Galway , the Garmin was totally worthless . If we had n't had the Collins road map , we would have been entirely lost . It 's not like the roads are new in western Ireland !!! Come on , Garmin ... get with the program and get your act together !!! I spent a good sum of money on the product and it was n't as advertised .
 Having used the city navigator briefly while in Sicily , I 've found the maps totally outdated . I eventually found my destination , but only after some frustration . It usually had me taking the longest route . It clearly needs updating ! Fortunately , you can not get lost using it .
 The Brazilian map is of no use . I live here and used it on approx . 1 ' 000 miles.a -RRB- In the city , streets are lacking , have outdated intersections , returns etc. . And the map is constantly off some 100 ft.b -RRB- On the countryside the situation is even worse
 If I could give this European card no stars , I would . This was nothing but a huge disappointment ! We expected our Garmin with this card to work as well as it does in the Us . We could NOT have been more wrong . It would take 10-15 minutes to find a satellite , if it even found one . Then once it found it , it would lose it very easily . The few times it actually did work -LRB- and I mean few ! -RRB- it would makes us walk out of our way , up to a half mile one time . We were there for 6 weeks and I think this card worked for us , maaaaaaaaaaaaybe 3 times . Biggest waste of money we 've ever spent .
 I ordered this three weeks before my trip and it do not come in time . I will be returning this item and will not be doing business with this company again . If you can not have quicker service than that you should inform the customer of this .
 We ordered this product so my husband could use it when he goes into Canada to go fishing . The description said it was for all of Canada , but it only gives us two prov . I have contacted the seller to try and return it , but they are ignoring me . I have never had such lousy service from an Amazon vendor before .
 If you want to get the UK/Ireland map , get the download from Garmin . The MicroSD/SD is an off-the-shelf brand that does n't work reliably . You can buy higher quality media on your own rather than this cheap adapter kit . I 'm very disappointed with this amateur product from Garmin .
 From other reviews , it seems as if you either love this game or hate it . We 're in the ` hate it ' category . The characters talk SO MUCH - it takes forever to get to the games . Some areas have very little instruction and our 4 year old has no idea what he is supposed to do , so he just ends up clicking anything and listening to more TALKING . He either ends up frustrated and walking away or playing the only game he can figure out over and over and over . I gave it 2 stars because there is one game our son likes to play that has taught him a little bit of mouse control . If we had n't received it as a gift -LRB- and need to keep it around in case the gift-giver ever wants to see it -RRB- , I 'd be checking in to the satisfaction guarantee . This game is terrible . There are so many great software titles out there for this age group -LRB- the Reader Rabbits , and Blue 's Clues ABCs for example -RRB- , I would n't waste my $ on this one .
 My 3 yo loves the Bear , so I thought this would be a great software game for him . However , I was mistaken . The game takes way to long to get into , with songs that you must wait through to get to the playing . It also wo n't let you click through until the songs or talking are over . It 's extremely boring at times and more like a video for the computer than a game . It does come with a satisfaction guarantee , which I 'm looking into - I 'm that disappointed .
 Was n't compatible with my computer . No alternatives offered . Very disappointing since I was looking forward to having my kids learn Spanish from it .
 My kids love jump start and even though some some of the reviews said it does n't work , I thought I would give it a chance on the old computer in the basement . Nope ! I wonder what type of computer is does work on ?!
 I bought this program during summer of 2012 and could not load it on my Macbook Pro due to compatibility issues . Amazon.com should not advertise MAC compatibility for this old software.DO NOT BUY .
 I order this for my two year old girl . I did n't receive the same software that shows the picture instead I received one that have a dog and said that its for ages 4-7 when I ordered this one that shows from 3 to 6 . I contacted seller they said they changed the age but its the same . Well I do n't think so it is to hard for a two year old and instead of a bunny you have a dog . Finally we intalled and it worked one time then it did n't work again . We have contacted support two weeks ago and we have n't received an asnwer yet .
 We 've been very pleased with the original JumpStart products . My 4 year old has a fascination with learning Spanish so we purchased this program . We both find the words extremely difficult to understand . It 's like the sound is being muffled somehow . Our hardware is top rate so it is definitely a problem in the software 's sound quality . The format is good , you just ca n't understand what they 're saying clearly enough to repeat the words .
 I do n't understand the glowing reviews of this program . We picked it up for our 4-year old son because he is interested in learing Spanish . He quickly got bored of it -LRB- within a couple weeks -RRB- and has learned practically nothing from it . He does n't like the explore mode . He is used to playing different activities like in his preschool games . That 's what he enjoys . In this , you ca n't productively play the games until after you use the explore mode to learn the words . I wish they had found a way to teach you the words while playing games .
 We were handed down this product when my nephew was too old to be interested . I installed it on the computer and upon trying to open it , the computer crashed and burned . I tried multiple times , but each time there was a problem and I eventually had to just uninstall it . So I thought it was that CD-ROM and purchased a new copy . Well , same thing . Mind you , I do n't have a wimpy computer - my computer should be able to handle something like this -LRB- I use much more sophisticated programs each day
 I am not impressed with Jumpstart Spanish . My biggest concern is that there is constant loud background music in almost all features of the game that apparently can not be turned off . The music is inoffensive , but it makes it very hard to hear the Spanish . Turning up the volume only turns all of it up , so the whole game ends up being too loud for our small house , and still my daughters ca n't quite make out what they are saying.My other concern is more a matter of personal taste - the whole scenario is surreal . A rabbit goes into a tree and then enters rooms in a dollhouse . I guess this would n't bother most young children but somehow the animation seems just slightly off to me - a little dark , or strange , or something . Not bad or spooky , just odd . I have never seen other Jumpstart products , so I can not compare it in that respect .
 The `` rabbit '' version of JS Spanish is only available from one vendor , which apparently is in the habit of shipping the `` dog '' version / `` classical '' version , which they sell in another listing for $ 8 less as a `` value line '' , rather than the version ordered .
 I had to return this item . We installed it on our new computer and it did n't work .
 I also do n't understand the glowing reviews of this program . Infact , there is a serious repeatable bug in the program that Jumpstartthinks is just fine . I contacted them , and their customer supportindicated that there are no correct personal name translations fromSpanish to English . Juan for instance has no direct translation toEnglish -- Juan is Juan -- but yet the program definitely implies that ittranslates to an English name . The problem is that it is a differentname each time you restart the program . They told me this was done onpurpose and would not be fixed . Sorry , ... , if it confuses a grown-upimagine what is going through a 4-year-olds head ! END
 No product support whatsoever . I looked and looked online to find a solution to my problem . This program uses Quicktime 32-bit and will not recognize 64-bit versions . There is no patch available to make this work either . I found tech support non-existent and online support lacking . I 'll not buy from this maker again .
 After loading the program kept demanding an older version of Quick Time . -LRB- older than the current version by a lot -RRB- . I even tried to cover up my newest Quick Time with the older version , would n't work.Finally gave up and removed the program . Too bad , looks perfect for my 4 yr old grandson who is going to Mexico on vacation.I hope they update the software , it says Windows 95 on the cover . So probably wo n't run with XP or Vista either .
 Chalk me up as another unsatisfied customer that received the wrong version of the software . I guess I should pay more attention to all of the reviews , and not just read the first few . Lesson learned !
 I should have read the reviews before I purchased the software . The product is designed to work on ancient operating systems and would not work with Windows 7 . I think the manufacturer should send updated versions of the software to all the people who purchased it and have been unable to use it . We have other JumpStart products that work great and kids -LRB- 5 year-olds -RRB- love them .
 You get a different version then the one in the picture and it is old . It would not run on either our mac or our PC . The application it said was no longer supported . Do not buy . We need to complain to amazon that this person is switching out the product with an older version . This is outrageous !
 I want to rate this ZERO STARS . I ordered this product , but this is not what I was sent . I see that other people have had the same problem . The company sent me another version of the software labeled `` Classical Version '' . It was created for Windows 95 and I am unsure if they have updated it even though it says it works on WIndows XP and Vista . When I tried to install it , it wanted me to install an old , unavailable version of QuickTIme . I am returning the product and will not try to buy it again . They need to get this old version off the shelf .
 Our old kids spanish software was outdated and did n't work on our new computer . Now that my younger kids are ready for a computer spanish program , I thought it was time to get an updated version . Jumpstart Spanish struck me as the right program for my kids . I am extremely frustrated to report that Jumpstart Spanish will NOT install on our computer with Windows 7 . This program is NO GOOD if you have a newer computer . It wants to install 16bit QuickTime 2.1.2 which will also not run on Windows 7 . BEWARE of compatability issues with this program .
 Not compatible with up to date mac . computers . Only old computers from the 90s may work . Waste of our money and not refundable .
 product did not work with my computer.tried several other programs and none were work either . I am very disappointed . I have bought many items from Amazon and this the first time I have had trouble . People who sell things have an obligation to tell buyers of any restrictions on the product .
 This just does n't work on new computers . It 's only compatible with Windows ME , 2000 , and XP . Wish they had a newer version because I 've heard that it is a cute program .
 I purchased Net Nanny from my local Staples Store ; I installed it and discovered that it is totally useless . I t would immediately block out any page that I had set as my home page.The problems continued when I set the user settings . Being a parent of a pre-teen I wanted to control what my child was accessing but as an adult I did n't need to be protected from myself . The program would block me from accessing sites , even though my user profile was set to not block anything.Signing in under my child 's name I was able to see nude pictures within seconds . But then it started shutting down my browser for violations , even on sites like Yahoo.com , despite the fact that I had the program set not to shut down the browser upon a violation , just to block and warn.The last straw came when the program started calling up my dial-up networking connection when I was working on non-net related programs , such as MS Word . Over and over the connect box would come up . I tried contacting customer support ; their suggestions were juvenile and did not solve any , or even address several of the problems.The box clearly states `` Customer Satisfaction Guaranteed '' , I have not found this to be true . Staples return policy would not allow them to return my money , just replace with the same item , which I did and tried with the same results.Net Nanny has ignored my repeated request for a refund by not replying to any of my e-mail requests sent to any of the address on their web site.I 'm now using CyberPatrol , which seems to work as promised , as for Net Nanny , my advice is to steer clear and try Cyber Sitter or CyberPatrol .
 Be warned
 I ca n't really comment on the product , because I never got to use it . Net Nanny 4.0 is not compatible with several popular ISP 's -LRB- AOL , CompuServe and Road Runner -RRB- . You would think that this information would be mentioned in obvious places , but it 's not .
 Scheduling function not exactly foolproof.I 've experienced a variety of small issues using Net Nanny thus far -LRB- inability to use Norton Antivirus auto-updates , Win98 auto-updates , Outlook express issues , etc. -RRB- but I have to say the worst is the scheduling function.We purchased NetNanny in part because of it 's claimed ability to regulate access times to the internet via a scheduling function . This function allows you to set a schedule of time specific users can have access to the internet . The function works great . However we quickly noticed that simply changing the PC 's time -LRB- via the clock on the taskbar -RRB- will bypass this feature . This renders this feature useless . I do n't know of a child over the age of 8 that does n't know how to change the PC 's time .
 I 'm very sad that this did not work . I heard a lot of hype about it and wasted my money . I did a simple search on google of word ` sex ' , it returned me saveral pages and 3 links of sponsors , all porn sites . Needles to say I was able to browse their sponsors . I even updated the NN database , but same thing happen.Other problem is that it is dragging the whole system down , I have cable ISP , it feels like I 'm running modem connection . I did not like user name/password either . For big family that might be good , but for me I want it to work quitly in the back ground .
 I have tried and tried to get this product to operate correctly . No matter the setting I choose , it is either too strict or too permissive . I 've tried using both a self created list and the one provided by Net Nanny . I can not get either to work right . I am very frustrated by it and have been forced to uninstall it three times in order to access my homepage -LRB- ESPN.com -RRB- . If you have more patience , maybe your result will be different , but I can not recommend this product .
 I downloaded the trial version of this software to try it out . Immediately my internet speed slowed to a crawl -LRB- I have low speed cable internet , which is much faster than dial up , but slower than the high speed -RRB- . As soon as I uninstalled the software , the internet speed resumed to normal.I 'm not sure how this would operate with high speed internet , but if you have anything but that , I can tell you it will be too slow to surf the internet without experiencing a long wait for each page to load.Not worth it .
 I ca n't believe how much this product slowed the internet . It took me 8 minutes to open to my home page and I have a cable modem ! I deactivated Net Nanny and tried it again , it was up and running in no time.As far as blocking web pages , it seems to do the job . However , it blocks some sites I do n't want it to , like the customer support page for my Internet Provider . I even entered the web page in ` NN Can Go ' and it still wo n't let me in .
 Purchased this hoping to have something to work on my new Mac since my previous filter -LRB- that I did like -RRB- did n't have a version that would work on it . Short review
 this software goes from poor to worse over the past couple of years.extremely difficult to customizeblocks my Facebook connections when it should not , and I ca n't even change it back.many settings are ineffectual.Can anyone recommend a replacement to me ??
 This software will slow down your computer and make it to where you have to constantly be resetting the password to get access to the least conspicuous sites . Its a pain in the tail . BUT the big mess is when you delete it from your computer it corrupts your registry and will make you regret the day you ever installed it . My O/S is now giving me fits and I may have to install my back up files to fix this mess . Stay away from this software ...
 Hate to criticize a product like this , because they perform a valuable service , but I found this to have a number of deficiences in limited use . For example , it seems to require a password for everyone to logon to . There may have been a way to access sites w/out having to type each one in , but I could n't figure it out . Under WinME , it caused a consistent page fault in Netscape 6.2 in some DLL that I 'd never even heard of . The problem magically went away when I uninstalled Net Nanny.Have switched to Cybersitter and recommend it over Net Nanny . CyberSitter is unobtrusive ; the only person asked for a password is the administrator when they double-click the program in the quick start tray . Screen layouts are intuitive , something lacking in so many products , and the product is stable with lots of configuration options . For example , you can eliminate porn but still get into hunting or other politically incorrect sites . Unfortunately Cybersitter has stupid problems of its own
 Do you know why you do n't have any problems with your young/teenage sons and daughters , its is because kids learn quick . you check the log , `` Oh good , johnny has n't being doing anything naughty '' well the likelyhood is he has . It will only take a fews day for the more determined kid to work out how to shut it off . So stop fooling yourself and unwrap that cotton wool because protecting your kid is probably the worst thing you can do `` for their own good '' they have to learn themselves .
 We bought this for our 3 year old based on the reviews found here . We were surprised at the poor quality of the software . The sound kicks in and out which means you ca n't hear all of the instructions . We had an extremely difficult time , trying to figure out how or where to find the eggs . The concept is very creative and wonderful for little boys who like dinosaurs . I just think they need to work out some of the bugs within the software .
 Our 4-year old daughter really likes this game . It is not violent -LRB- except for the opening scene of a T-Rex knocking down rocks -RRB- . The games are cute and enjoyable.Unfortunately , the software is not compatible with newer operating systems such as Windows Me , 2000 , or XP . The sound cuts in and out or stops completely and there is no way to fix it . -LRB- Technical support will tell you that the operating systems are unsupported . -RRB- Be aware that unless you are still running Windows 95 or 98 , you are going to have this problem . You can still play the games -- BUT , in order to find the dinosaur eggs you have to listen to verbal clues from Rolf , the guide dinosaur . Therefore , since we ca n't hear the verbal hints , we have yet to find any eggs .
 I have tried so many times to get this thing to work and I 'm so dissapointed because I was really excited about getting it for my son as he has had other cds that work perfectly . And as others have had the same problem , I recommend not waisting money on that product
 Buyer beware - purchase of this game only allows you to access 2 of the 12 levels of the game . To access the full game , you must become a jumpstart member -LRB- for an additional cost of $ 8/month -RRB- . From the moment the game starts , it talks about earning the 12 badges to unlock the mystery - so that by the time you complete the first two levels , your child is fully aware that there are other areas of the camp under construction that they have not accessed , and that they need to become `` members '' . Unless you want to spend the money or deal with an extremely disappointed child , do not purchase !! My guess is that this is true with other Jumpstart products as well .
 Really this should be rated NO STARS . I will not buy from this vendor again . This product was designed for older PCs and was not compatible with mine . This product should 've made it really clear that it will not work with XP . They claim it was on a link somewhere . I lost out and feel cheated .
 This game takes a long time to install and internet product registration is required . If you do not have internet access , you can not play . After I had established an account with jumpstart when installing this game on my computer , I then wanted to install it on my daughter 's computer as well . I was denied access to the account that I had just established , so I requested the password be emailed to me . The email never came . I established a new account just to get the thing installed , but it is doubtful I will buy any more jumpstart products until they design a quicker and more efficient installation process .
 I am incredably frustrated Jump start first grade would not work on my computer so it was an absolute waste of money . I read the requirements and it would not work .
 The user interface design of this game is not intuitive . As an adult , I had a hard time figuring out what exactly the program wants you to do . Instructions were confusingly worded and unclear . Not sure all the activities have much educational value .
 This sounded like a great idea , software that was my computer rather than having my kids clicking through various websites . They love it , the games are fun and have a little academic value . We mostly got it so my son could work on his mouse and keyboard skills . It did that beautifully until he got into the second of I believe 5 worlds and required a membership . I was willing to pay nearly $ 20 for a complete world of games , but not one partial game that addicted my kids then wanted $ 8 per month . Do n't waste your time !
 I am beyond frustrated and confused about this educational software . I simply wanted to purchase this 4-disc software set at my local ` Target ' , but then saw the ` broadband connection required ' red small print on the box . I did not purchase the product because I had read several other scathing online reviews that claim certain children 's software products require unstated additional cost via an online membership registration process ! Why do these companies make it so difficult to simply purchase a suite of educational software products that reside on one 's hard drive/PC , which can be used over and over and over again ??!! I wish they would make it more clear on the box as to whether you are
 I bought this because it stated it works on Mac . Well technically it does , but you have to have a dinosaur Mac to run it . It will not run on a current Mac . This should be clearly stated so people do n't waste their money . Only way to find out is to try to install it and by then you ca n't return it because it is now opened . Plus , the game that came is different from the one in the picture . I received the advanced version , not that it really matters at this point .
 I ordered this thinking this was the updated 2000 version -LRB- you know the one with interactive classroom/schoolhouse and the hippopotamus teacher ? -RRB- but got the new 3D game which I do n't really care for . I should 've asked to return it and get the copy I wanted but I just did n't wan na cause a scene . Oh wel :-RRB- Live and learn right ?
 After loving Jump Start 3rd and 4th Grades , I was very disappointed in Jump Start 5th Grade . It is difficult to navigate and some of the material is far beyond the knowledge of any 5th grader I know.To solve the Art History crossword puzzle you are supposed to go to the gallery and do research . But the gallery is so hard to use that my family usually resorts to randomly guessing letters in the puzzle rather than try it . As an educated adult , I do n't even know more than one of four clues in the puzzles without research or guessing.If the other subjects were as unreasonable as Art History , I would have given an even lower rating .
 We have several JumpStart levels , and so I thought 5th grade would be okay , but I was wrong ! It starts out with a looong cartoon intro . Then you are forced to go through a politically correct interview of a `` rat '' before you can start with a crossword puzzle that stopped us cold.One of the questions it asked in level one -LRB- the easiest -RRB- is who is -LRB- 1548 -RRB- the Venitian artist of the same town ? So , we had to go through the `` museum '' of baroque art , look at every picture , read every description , and still did n't fine the answer!I took art history in college , not in the 5th grade ! Now I ca n't even return the ... junk !
 Despite good reviews for other JumpStart programs , the 5th grade one is very frustrating . The opening scene gives no guidance for what the child is supposed to do and the dialog between the two characters is way over their heads . My daughter was totally frustrated and lost all enthusiasm for trying this program .
 Our family has over 10 titles and 7 years of experience with Jumpstart products . Do NOT waste your money on this . My child spends more time navigating the product than learning . There is way too much emphasis on Art -LRB- defined only as painting -RRB- . Finally , the geography content is fine but the globe does n't move to get to the right answer/continent .
 My wife has a Masters in Fine Arts from the School of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston . She could not complete the crossword puzzle in this STUPID 5th Grade Jump Start game . Hello , Jump Start people ... what were you thinking ? Educational software is supposed to make the learning process fun , not a source of complete frustration . Please pull this game off the market and retool it before you inflict it on any other poor unfortunate kids .
 Not enough action , to much research . To heavy in art history and not enough material a child can expect to find in a 5th grade classroom . Our son gets too bored because the navigation is to difficult .
 Disk # 1 would not work ? I am not able to use the directory to search for the images . The description said it came with a catalog , it was not in the box . I would not recommend getting this unless the catalog or the directory was included . Useless ! I would like to receive my money back or the the catalog with the images . Please advise ... deena@kellypromotionalproducts.com
 My wife bought this game because she thought it was the same game they used at my daughter 's pre-school . Unfortunatly , the game does not work well at all on a Windows 7 machine .
 I was looking for engaging software for my 7th grade son to practice and increase understanding of math concepts . There 's plenty of practice here , but no explanation of how to figure out problems that were solved incorrectly . Not helpful as a tutorial .
 My seven-year-old was using it and actually improving after just a few screens , although the repetitive `` fjfj fjf jf jf '' style gets boring for a child with the length of pages required to type -LRB- there are typically about four lines per screen of characters like that -RRB- . I think there should be some extra breaks between long sessions . I think the repetition is necessary for effective learning , but something fun needs to go in between . This is , after all , for kids.On the positive side , it gives an initial assessment test to determine where your skills are . Then the goals for that user are set based on the assessment . There are a few fun games that use the same skills that are being taught , and the games appear to automatically challenge at a level that matches the skill of the player -LRB- again , based on the testing in the lesson part of the program -RRB- . My son was a little frustrated early on because the initial assessment test is rather critical to a non-typist . Although the girl in the program says something like `` You did great , '' the low words per minute -LRB- WPM -RRB- and high number of errors displayed on the screen seem to speak louder than she does and may be somewhat discouraging . But we maintained a positive attitude because I told him it did n't matter how well he did on that test ; it only wanted to see his beginning point . It 's important for a parent to be involved in order to give encouragement in some places and a push in others . It really enhances the learning and helps to get through the tough spots . And younger kids , of course , enjoy the involvement and interest of their parents.If the program worked properly , there would n't be much of a negative side . The requirement of an older version of Quicktime is a valid concern if you are using a newer version . But I did n't have any version before , so I did n't care whether the game required the current or an older version . But the program does do a system search for other versions before installing Quicktime and tells you that it ca n't coexist with another version.I would 've probably given the program four stars if not for the fact that it kept crashing when coming out of any of the games . And when it crashes , it forgets the entire session . Which means that any progress gained is lost , and the child must go through the same exercises a second time . The first time this happened , my son begrudgingly went through the beginning lessons AGAIN -LRB- I was beside him cheering and encouraging , which helped keep his attitude somewhat positive -RRB- . But when the program crashed a second time after he had gone through those early lessons the second time , he was n't the least bit interested in going through them a third time , and I did n't blame him . The crash was effectively punishing him for working hard and doing well.The bottom line ? If you can buy it from someplace where you can return it , take the chance . And if it works on your computer , you 've got a good four-start program . If it does n't work , return it and your losses are minimal . Good luck . But to Knowledge Adventure/Jumpstart
 This product never loaded properly . It depends on a very old version of Quicktime -LRB- 2 . x -RRB- . With this version it still generates a DLL error . The newer Quicktime 5.0 version generates an unable-to-open window message . Old and new versions of Quicktime ca n't co-exist on my Win98SE system . The worst part was the tech . support , or lack of it . Spent hours on line -LRB- total over several days -RRB- and never talked to a human . I never hung up on the line , it always cut me off after 20 minutes or so . Very frustrating . This dependence on obsolete software and further lack of technical support means that I must recommend that you do n't buy this product .
 I got this for my 8 year old , who loved the various games , but really was n't learning to type . There are n't enough lessons for real beginners to develop some skills and speed before they have to start earning points for games . Also the length of time some of the games took to earn points was way too long . I 'm an extremely experienced typist and even I got tired . So , I 'm in the market for something else ...
 I thought it was a good game but , it went too fast . It would be more fun if it gave you more time to learn . I got frustrated with it because of that .
 The entire program can be `` won '' by holding down one key or rapidly typing anything . `` Power cards are supposed to be earned by learning typing , but there is no system check to ensure children are even trying to hit the right keys during `` timed tests . '' My school was cheated by purchasing a program that first graders learned how to circumvent .
 This program displayed upside down on all three of our computers . Knowledge Adventure Customer Service was absolutely terrible -- basically nonexistent .
 My daughter is 8 years old , is an A-student , plays piano , is computer literate . Her first efforts with Jump Start Typing resulted in frustration and tears . While the CD-ROM has simple typing exercises , few of the games are geared for beginners . I am a reference editor who works on a computer all day and I had trouble keeping up in the games mode . I switched all of the games to the easiest level and that did n't even help . My daughter does not feel challenged by this ; she just does n't want to play .
 I thought I would be getting a program to teach typing . This seems for children who already know the basics .
 This would really be a great dictionary if the company allowed it to be installed on one 's own SD Card . Instead , one must remove your card and install the one that came with the product each time you want to use the dictionary.Handmark 's Oxford English Dictionary allows you to install without requiring its own dedicated card . However , once you reach high school age , this dictionary is worthless . There are few words more than 2 syllables long in it.Too bad the much more advanced Merriam Webster Dictionary is so unuseable .
 This is the only card that has ever failed to work on my Palm Tungsten C , so I know it 's not a hardware problem with my PDA . The handheld device recognizes the card and FileZ shows that the programs and databases are present and available , but the program does n't run -- the only response I get is `` Loading from card . Please wait . '' But nothing happens . My repeated queries to tech support via its Web site have gone unanswered . Do n't count on any help from the company if you also get a lemon .
 I bought this dictionary for use with a Palm T3 . The dictionary is pretty good and reasonably comprehensive . However , it uses the MobiPocket 4.6 as the reader software . It never tells you that anywhere , I just happened to download this sofware earlier and recognized it . This reader is horrible for a dictionary . When you try to make the letter `` t '' or `` i '' using Grafitti it triggers the go back action . Also if you try to delete a letter it triggers the go back action . It also does n't take advantage of the full screen . These shortcomings seem to all be addressed in the new 4.7 reader but it is not clear yet if I have to buy the new reader -LRB- which costs just about as much as this card -RRB- and if I do if I can even use the new reader with the card 's databases . It was inexcusable to marry this dictionary to an inappropriate reader and furthermore to not disclose that anywhere .
 Sure , the dictionary has a lot of words , but the problem is finding them . The search screen is extremely jumpy when using the graffiti interface . I can rarely get more than a couple letters in the search box before the program jumps off to the wrong word.Now my graffiti skills are pretty good ; I do n't have this kind of problem with other Palm programs . The dictionary 's search program -LRB- MobiReader ? -RRB- does n't want to wait for t 's to be crossed and i 's to be dotted . So a search for ` tea ' and you 'll end up with the first word starting with ` L' . I 've resorted to using the popup keyboard screen to enter words . Not what I 've come to expect from Palm-based programs .
 This is not a dictionary you can download onto your memory card . It comes on its own memory card , which you have to insert into your pda to use . You have to carry this dictionary card around with you and when you want to look something up , take your card out of your pda and then insert this one . It 's impractical . For me it was a waste of money .
 I got this for my new PalmOne Zire 72 . The dictionary has lots of function but does n't work well with my palm . Everytime when I try to write a `` t '' , it will go back to the previous screen instead of having a `` t '' on my word . And the software itself is not easy to use . After I have used it for a few times , it started to crash my operating system everytime I try to open the dictionary or insert the dictionary sd card to my palm . If you own a Zire 72 , my best suggestion is not to get this dictionary . I returned mine and got another different one ; it does n't have as many functions as the Merriam-Webster 's , but it works great and easy to use . Most importantly , it 's completely capatible with my palm pilot .
 DeLorme 's Eartha Global Explorer 1.0 is not at all like its predecessor , Global Explorer 1.0 . The original Global Explorer had street maps of the world 's great cities , with detailed descriptions of famous landmarks , like a wonderful tour of the world . The new ` Eartha ' Global Explorer has none of those features and seems to be nothing more than a crude attempt at an annotated 3-D atlas of the world , viewed from afar . I tried to order the original Global Explorer , without success .
 All . NET languages need interpretor . Even C.NET which is a shame . Such language as C usually used to develop apps closely interacting with OS . So there will be even less interaction between user created apps and system because now Microsoft tells us to do everything through interpreter . Just like crippled Java does ! But difference between stuff written in Java and C is that you know what your C application does , but you can never be sure about your Java application because there is interpreter between you and system , another buggy layer that controls you and that you can not control . I agree . NET might be convinient way for people who like everything easy or are afraid to explore , but The biggest flow is that it takes control out of your hands convincing you that you are in control.Usual Microsofts trick !
 I have been searching for a PDF viewer on the Palm that was better than the Adobe version , which had nasty text and would n't fill the whole screen on my Tungsten T3 . PDF to go , part of the DTG package , advertised that it would do this . I bought it . It is worse than the Adobe one - it misses out any pictures that are part of the PDFs , and the text is still nasty.I then did a Google search and found a freeware PDF viewer that works perfectly.Make what you will of this.The word files are great on it , though .
 This is dysfunctional garbage application that ca n't do a thing ! All reviews on it are fakery or left by their shareholders ! This junk producer should go bankrupt !
 Google Desktop search does a better job . This is useless . Would get zero , but system wo n't allow it . Also , asks for a serial number . None supplied . Called customer non-service . Voice message . Never replied.Give your funds to charity .
 There are none in stock , and if you have ordered delivery isa gamble . My advice , if you have -LRB- as I did -RRB- an emergency , try a different product.Strictly speaking I have awarded 1 star for non delivery , so I have no comments on the product .
 This software is okay , alot of the help files are only available in Profesional and Enterprise editions though . There is no C++ in 5 Days tutorial , but it says there is one on the box ... The help files say it comes with InstallShield so you can create setup programs , but nope not this edition . To get other people to use your programs you have to send them certain . blp -LRB- ? -RRB- files and some . dll 's . The docs do not say which ones though , I am still trying to figure that out . It is good for learning , but if you can afford it , get the profesional edition , or get a different compiler .
 This was my first C++ compiler . It was good to learn on , however once you get into advanced features this compiler is not worth the money . Supposedly this version supports partial specialization , however it does n't work at all -LRB- Or maybe just mine does n't . HUGE problem , for me anyway . It somehow handles std : : iterator_traits however . Odd . -RRB- There is an option to use ANSI rules for compilation , however none of the provided standard headers will compile in this mode -LRB- or any mode other than ` Borland ' -RRB- , therefore its only use is to check small snippets . By default , your exe will depend on several dlls -LRB- even console apps -RRB- , and it is ambiguous as to where you can disable this dependency . You can not create DOS applications ; all console apps are 32 bit and dependent on Windows . The VCL -LRB- used to make GUIs -RRB- is very simple to use , however the public interfaces are somewhat ugly in a lot of classes -LRB- for example , a particular list class has an ` operator -LSB- -RSB- ' which is the only way to access a member , but you can only access VCL components thru a pointer , therefore you need ' -LRB- * list -RRB- -LSB- -RSB- ' to access a member . -RRB- The VCL is proprietary and is not standard-compliant . Sometimes with complex recursive functions the compiler will fail with recursion errors , but then recompiling will generate no errors . The value vs. price is excellent for people who are just learning OOP and are not sure if C++ is for them , but anyone with experience and/or going into business should look elsewhere . Based on all of the above -LRB- and I 'm sure I 've forgotten some -RRB- I would not upgrade to professional or even to the next release -LRB- just on principle . -RRB-
 I have used versions 3 , 4 , & 5 over time . I just updated to 6 and what a mess . I can not get complex numbers to work at all . It is a simple thing to do - include < complex.h > and declare the variable complex < double > a. Just adding these two lines to a new application fails to compile under version 6 . If you want support , it is $ 225 per case/question unless you pay for a support contract -LRB- did n't ask what that cost -RRB- . Your other options include checking the FAQ database or posting to the newsgroup . If you post to the newsgroup , someone else -LRB- not from borland -RRB- must feel like replying with an answer - good luck on that happening .
 I was excited to come back to Borland . I remember that day 's under Turbo C++ . They truly had a superior product then first of it was fast . If you had to debug with in the class libraries you could step into them and find out where the problem was . What I have found with Borland today that scares me is it 's based around Pascal . That is just not smart ! It adds additional complexity to debugging . Try to step into it . I also could not understand why CBuilder violates some OOP OOD concepts through public member variables except when absolutely nessecary . I understand why now . This is a dangerous path ... take it at your own risk . Pray that you never have to resolve a serious low level soft ware problem with this . It looks like it will have some serious teeth to bite with . I would have give this zero but the option was n't available.Microsoft truly has a better product than this . And I was truly excited to see what new ideas Borland had come up with when I came back to this tool set . Now I 'm doing everything in my power to get this out of here .
 I bought this to update an old engineering program I 'd written a decade ago . It came with minimal documentation , nothing that a beginner programmer can understand - not even on the CD . I checked their web site , which was not helpful , and after three attempts at installing the program -LRB- the installation program politely asked me if I wanted it to mangle Office 97 or Office 2000 , neither of which I had on that computer -RRB- , finally got it installed . I asked their customer support about the Office thing , and they send me a correct but not helpful email . I did manage to figure it out myself.Sure ` nuff , it was a pain to use.They did agree to take it back.I downloaded a free copy of Lcc-Win32 , a free C compiler , that includes decent documentation and seems plenty powerful . It 's at http://www.cs.virginia.edu/~lcc-win32/ .
 Man if you are thinking of buying this well do n't especially if you are a beginner or barely going to get your first compiler and if you are n't new to C++ then just stay with that same compiler you own or get another one.This was my first compiler and I bought this for somewhere in the 70bucks and I must say I was glad cause this is what I want to do which is code but man this is trash !!! It ca n't make an . exe like other compiler.Example
 Absolutely , totally , emphatically , and without reservation - the worst development platform for C++ development I have ever seen in my entire life.Navigating the IDE is cumbersome and non-intuituve , and most of the dialogs break all user-inerface standards and practices.The programming standards/procedures incorporated into this platform are terrible.The helps and tutorials are incomplete , terrible navigation , and hardly ever provide a comprehensive or intelligible answer to any question.If you are trying to teach yourself how to code C++ -- this will not help you.If you are taking a class in C++ and need an IDE -- this will not help you.If you are trying to get a job as a C++ programmer -- this will not help you .
 I 've been a Borland C/C + + programmer since Turbo C 2.0 and for years it 's been the best compiler . Not now . I purchased both Borland C++ Builder 6 and Microsoft Visual C++ . NET - the Visual C++ box weighed approx 6 times that of Borland 's box -LRB- and although weight do n't make a compiler , it 's an indicator of the vendor 's features and support -RRB- . Visual C++ gives you more bang for the buck but I do n't like Microsoft 's managed . NET direction . Looks like it 's time to seek a Linux solution !
 I have been a developer for a number of years . I have used visual c++ , as well as borland 's c++ builder . I have to say , that even though vc + + has its problems , none of them hold a candle to the kind of bugs bcb has . I cant count the number of times , borland has thrown an assertion , or an access violation just from selecting a break point ! There are even bugs in the vcl code that prevent compiling ! Here is a typical scenario : I boot up bcb . I open my project . I build it . I run it . It decides i havent built it yet so it rebuilds it , then shows me an error in some vcl file . ???? I rebuild it manually -LRB- after shutting down builder and restarting -RRB- . No error , runs fine.Another scenario : Same as above , but borland randomly decides to throw an assertion while debugging , forcing a shut down of borland from the task manager -LRB- thus losing all my breakpoints , and if i havent saved , all my save info -RRB- . All i can say is GRRRRRRRRR !
 Excuse me . Check the Borland web site to confirm this product is available for $ 10 . I just got my copy yesterday -LRB- Jan 26 , 2004 -RRB- . If you view the product and back out of the web page , you get a pop up window which says `` Buy now and we will ship it for free '' which I did . Good luck
 I spent 2 hours trying to connect XP and W2K machines using FireNet with no luck . I eventually gave up , since it 's not worth the hassle .
 I just spent one of the most frustrating afternoons of my life trying to get two Dell computers -LRB- one running Win98SE , the other XP Home -RRB- to talk to each other using a firewire connection and the demo version of this software -LRB- which only works for 30 minutes -RRB- . Have you ever tried to set up and troubleshoot a new network from sratch in under 30 mins , let alone an `` emulated '' one !? Good luck . And every time I was forced to reboot , I 'd get radically different results.The good folks at UniBrain still have a lot of work to do with this product . Maybe if they had DuelBrains , they would 've developed a bug-free , workable solution before dumping it on an unsuspecting public . Save yourself the ulcers , my friends .
 I was looking forward to using Borland again . I remember when they led the industry with their innovative IDE concepts . Well they have n't changed much since then . Of the three IDE platforms that I have used -LRB- Qt , Microsoft 's Visual C++ . net and Borland C++ Builder and VI -RRB- this comes in second to last . Come on Borland get back into the saddle . There are other annoying factors as well . Rebuilding each and every time I choose to run in debug , the depth of the class architecture , not to mention what has already been said . Sorry Borland ... I was really hoping to say something quite different .
 The idea was great.Instead of doing RAD in VB , do RAD using C++ !! Unfortunately , the execution is deeply flawed.Based on Borlands Pascal / Delphi product , it uses many of the Pascal components that ship with Delphi.It therefore suffers from irritating Pascalisms.Add to this an unstable and buggy IDE -LRB- just read the complaintson Borlands own c++ builder forums -RRB- and a product that is hamstrung by a small and poorly funded development team , and you have a tragically and deeply flawed implementation of analternative to VB.To make matters worse , Borland have effectively increased theprice . Many features have been shifted into the Enterprise edition.Borland seem to have effectively abandoned this product in favourof Delphi -LRB- cash cow -RRB- and JBuilder -LRB- a strong contender in the Java RAD field -RRB- Try this if you like . -LRB- Borland have a download able trial somehere on their vast andpoorly organised site -RRB- Then weep for what might have been and move on to Visual Studio . NET
 This product does not work ! I went to the manufacturer 's website to get support to fix the problem and what they suggested did not work ! They offer no other solutions and I had to return the product . Do n't waste your time or money on this sham of a product !
 I completely agree with Parent on this one ! I would like to give it 0 stars , but I ca n't . I got this product for my daughter who just started kindergarten , and when I went to install it said my system was not compatible ? Okay then ... I do n't know where to go to get troubleshooting advice on how to install the game for my system , and now I have a very sad and disappointed crying 6 year old who does n't understand why mommy wont let her play her new game . So nice to have a product for children that even adults ca n't figure out how to run .
 I had MM jukebox on my other computers for years and I love it . I purchased a new computer and could not get MM jukebox to download from the internet so I purchased the cd but I could n't get it to load or run properly . I do love Music Match and still want it but I do n't know what to do as of now .
 Musicmatch obviosly is not interested in creating software compatible with Windows 7 . Last year I purchased Musicmattch from Yahoo . They claimed it was compatible with Windows Home Premium . I payed $ 79 . and change.It did not work . Yahoo did not answer my E mail , or return my money . Past history . When is Musicmatch moving into the 21st century ? I had Musicmatch on my old computer , with Windows ME . I loved it . Robert .
 Ordered Mac OS9 operating system to use Classic on my newer computer . Software would not load on the computer . Questioned the seller and was issued a refund .
 Since Serious Magic was purchased from Adobe , you can only purchase this from the Adobe website.The problem is that Adobe does n't send you a serial number . They send you an e-mail that tells you to call Customer Service or check your account online in the downloads section for your serial number.Your online account tells you to call Customer Service.Customer Service refers you to the installation program where there is a button that says `` Get Installation Key '' . The `` Get Installation Key '' button takes you back to the Adobe website where you login and it tells you to call Customer Service for your serial number.See where this is headed?Even better , Adobe will not give you a refund without a serial number.I 'd heard good reviews about this software , but DO NOT recommend purchasing from Adobe online . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have been using PSP-7 -LRB- anniversary addition -RRB- for some time and decided to pony up the $ ... for Version 8 . Various incentives dropped the actual price to around $ ... -LRB- Maybe - I havent received the rebate from JASC yet -RRB- . I was a bit chapped to find from JASC tech support that PSP-8 -LRB- release as version 8.00 -RRB- was essentially the same as their Beta test version released months earlier . PSP-8 out of the box frequently caused my reasonably cool featured PC to choke and crash - particularly when using the selection tool . The free tech support informed me that the version 8.01 update was available for free download . The update seemed to help with some of the problems , but version 8.01 is still rather bug infested and not fully ready for prime time in my opinion.Thank goodness I still have the older PSP-7 that I can revert to when version 8.01 chokes my machine .
 Periodically hangs -LRB- with very simply graphics and ordinary operations -RRB- , and even when it does n't hang , you 'll wonder if it had . Takes several seconds -LRB- on 900MHz P3 -RRB- between selecting an item and being able to actually drag it across the screen or resize it . The screen does n't redraw correctly , so sometimes your image is overlaid with other parts of the image , leftover fragments of dialog boxes , or nothing ... requiring you to resize a few times to see what your image really looks like . Text editing is buggy , and characters inseerted into the image do n't always align with the baseline . Even with the 8.01 bug fixes , it still sometimes loses characters or keeps characters you edited out . Many tools are harder to find than in previous versions.That said , this version does have some powerful features . If they can get the bugs worked out , it could become a good product again . However , it has a lot of them , so I 'd not be in any hurry .
 Version 7 is nice because all the tools are out in the open , visible at the opening of your first image . Version 8 on the other hand has a truncated left -LRB- usually -RRB- docked toolbar tools with those little arrows to indicate that more is hidden from view . I could see how one would find this useful in a screen resolution 800X600 or below , but for those at higher screen resolutions is really just hides the tools behind another click or too . If version 8 supported the interface of version 7 I would not have a problem with this program , however , version 8 does seem to be a lesser clone of photoshop . Adobe products all run slow on my computer , and I fear that paint shop pro is on the same trek as Adobe by some of the other reviews on the slowness of this product.My recommendation is to find PSP 7 , one of those small stores in the big city may have a copy . I will NOT use PSP 8 . Being a first time customer with PSP 7 I would hope that Jasc would want to keep people like me happy and continuing the buying of thier products . I will see what V9 has to offer before I decide to upgrade again .
 They have no idea about software design.It is jam packed with features few will ever need and fewer still will get to work . Example you could associate PSP with a file extension Ex jpg and click on the file and have it show up in psp . The newer less useful version pops you into a browser with a window full of files almost no one would use , you then have to select the file you clicked on all over again . It had to be designed by a marketing pea brain looking for a big list of features and no concept of usefulness . Features are preventing usability and reliability . Look for earlier versions and buy them instead
 Do n't waste your time with this product or paint shop pro 9 . Each time they `` upgrade '' they are more complicated.If you are very computer literate you might figure it out eventually.With paint shop pro 5 for example , it was simple enough you learn with ease while having fun . Not the case with the latest .
 I 've used several graphical software , and this is probably the worst one I 've ever used . I have never met a program so user unfriendly . Save your money for Photoshop , I know I am .
 I hear so many great things about this program , and for me being so very proficient with computer software , including that which allows me to write & publish my own web pages , I just can not get this software mastered . I have tried on and off for over a year , and I still go back to my other software programs , as there is nothing simple about this PSP 8 . Very frustrating , and the help available is no help .
 For those who still have psp 7 , do n't even bother upgrading to this . The interface is horrible , and the only thing it does is enhance pictures a lot better than 7 . So if thats all your interested in doing , then waste all your money .
 I 'm PSP user for several years now . Two months ago I upgraded to PSP8 and I am very disappointed . Launching PSP takes 3 times longer than launching PSP7 . In complex PSP images with multiple layers and a lot of vector graphics selecting a single object can take up to 5 seconds -LRB- you click an object , for 5 seconds nothing happens and then it gots selected -RRB- . Strange error messages are shown while working with PSP8 that do not make any sense . Saving GIF files does n't really work , looks like there are bugs in save routine . Once in a while PSP8 completely stalls and the CPU utilization goes up to 100 % . All this behaviour I experienced with the latest PSP patch -LRB- 8.1 -RRB- and I NEVER had anything like this with good ol' PSP7.Yesterday I installed PSP7 again ...
 A dedicated PSP7 user , I recently downloaded the trial version of PSP8 to check it out . Unlike others who 've posted comments , the new symbols and the placement of the toolbars caused absolutely no problem for me . The one really awesome feature is the One Step Photo Fix which really does make the majority of images look much better . However , one can achieve the same results in PSP7 by utilizing the Enhance options . I did n't find that any of the other new features were noteworthy.The real problem with PSP8 lies in the one thing that defines a graphics package -- image quality . Go ahead and refine any image in PSP8 , then close the image window after saving it . I 'll guarantee that when you re-open that image it will have any number of small blemishes -LRB- artifacts -RRB- on it . This happened each and every time I modified an image . It does not happen in PSP7.As others have suggested , it seems like this software is still in a beta stage . What good is a graphics package if you ca n't trust it to protect the integrity of your images ? I think JASC needs to address this problem right away . There 's no way they 'll get my money for an upgrade . My recommendation is to stick with PSP7 .
 I have version 7 , and love it!Upgraded to version 8 , and hated it.Very sluggish in operation , user interface iscompletely different and difficult use.I un-installed version 8 , and went back to version 7 .
 It seems that all this offers over what 's built in to the OS , is commenting of documents , password protection , and combining multiple documents into one PDF . That 's not a lot of functionality for -LSB- item price -RSB- . You ca n't even create Acrobat forms or use it for preflighting print runs !
 This game was very boring and repetitive . No action or story line . No actual detective work . Just a lot of I spy in the same old rooms , finding the same old objects .
 I am a physician who has his medical records stored in PDF format . What I do is get documents in PDF format in a number of ways , and then electronically sign them . I annotate the files about a third of the time with short text notes . Acrobat 5 worked OK , but had a number of glitches such as not dealing with file names over 32 characters , crashed on paste into text areas , and it lost files on occasion . I expected version 6 would make a barely adequate product work in this environment.The apparent rants by the other reviewers are , unfortunately , spot on . From my standpoint , version 6 is a frustrating product for what is such a routine task , signing documents . In version 5 you could touch key `` d '' and the signature cursor would appear , you selected where the signature would appear , and a press of the return key completed the signature.In version 6 it works this way -LRB- once you set a number of preferences and your digital signature file -RRB-
 I bought the 6.0 upgrade without reading the reviews . Woe to the foolish . It slowed WORD to a crawl , brought DtSearch to it 's knees , and twice locked my system up so tightly I could n't get the task manager open.I did n't waste any additional time seeing how slow it was at its own tasks . I 'll take everyone 's word for it.Less than one day on the machine . I 've gone back to 5.0 .
 Either use version 7.0 or 5.0 -- maybe version 8.0 will return to the unobtrusive , easy-to-use roots of version 5 . This version has major bugs , is really slow , is constantly asking to download and install unrelated software , and adds no useful features -LRB- that I 've found , anyway -RRB- .
 I upgraded from Acrobat 5.0 Standard to 6.0 Standard and promptly lost the primary function which I used the program for . In 5.0 Standard you can -LRB- and in 6.0 Standard you can NOT -RRB- take a regular PDF document and create fillable blanks and checkable boxes . In order to install 6.0 you are told to uninstall 5.0 . You are told not to run both on the same machine . Once I uninstalled 5.0 I lost the functionality I needed .
 I am a big fan of Adobe . I am a Photshop addict and I use Acrobat frequently . However , I am very disappointed in the way Adobe has positioned Adobe Acrobat 6.0 Standard Edition . It seems as if Adobe intentionally crippled this product . Perhaps they did this so that corporations can deploy a version of Acrobat that does n't make it as easy to edit unprotected PDFs , as is possible with 5.0 . -LRB- This is a generous interpretation . Some people may conclude it 's simply a bald-faced attempt at boosting revenue by forcing purchase of the more expensive Pro version . -RRB- I feel that the advertising material for this product does not fairly describe the limited feature set.The first thing you notice is that the program is incredibly slow to start . This program should start as fast or faster than a word processor -LRB- i.e. , Microsft Word -RRB- , since it is used constantly mainly to read files.Once you get over the interminable wait and have the program on your screen you immediately notice the deficiencies in the software . Acrobat 6.0 is missing many critical feature of Acrobat 5.0 , including the catalog -LRB- index -RRB- and touch-up of objects -LRB- images -RRB- . In addition -LRB- and amazingly -RRB- , the pop-up search box is gone ! To search inside a PDF requires launching an annoying pane that reduces the size of the window in which the PDF is displayed . Overall , I ca n't see that the product provides any enhanced usability . Even the `` Read Out Loud '' function is unusable because the speech is garbled . More irritations
 Too expensive and not good.A better and cheaper way to manipulate PDF is to go with Scansoft PDF converter ... for $ 49 the Scansoft product is much better.check this out : http://www.scansoft.com/pdfconverter/
 My personal favorite with SE is when you open a link on a web page that 's a pdf and acrobat does n't appear , and the page locks up , and as you 're rebooting you notice that as the IE window closed there was an Adobe dialog box behind IE . Sadly , you could not get to it because IE was locked.My next favorite part of 6.0 has to do with the time it takes from clicking a PDF on a fast server to the display time . The load time on Adobe can only be compared to the time it takes to get the last passengers on a TWA flight to put their bagage up - pitifuly slow and you wonder what 's wrong with it.I can open Word , all 26 megs of its little memory hogging self , 3 times in the time it take acrobat to open on a cranky day . I have not figured out what makes Acrobat so inconsistant , it 's insane.In conclusion , my last peeve with this software is that many programs I deal with -LRB- cough Final Draft -RRB- when you are attempting to print a run , end up as 2 seperate PDF jobs that you have to go in and combine later . While this may not be Adobe 's issue , it sure would be nice to be able to wait to finish the file until you 're ready .
 I bought this to be able to edit PDF files . It did not do that . When I installed it , it took over as a default and would not let my Adobe 9 reader function . Because it was old it would not read any of the more modern read modern pdfs I have on file . I had to uninstall completely to get back working and finally downloaded a free pdf maker , `` Primo . '' The vendor refused to take the software back so it was a complete waste of my time , effort and $ $ $ .
 All I wanted was a way to identify some files , remember which ones so every time I wanted to backup , I would press `` go '' and the backup would start . AlohaBob was too `` smart '' for my use . First , it has this intelligent file finder that finds what is likely to be backed up . I indicate that I want to select my own files -LRB- which it lets me think I can do -RRB- . Then thinking it would bring me to browser window -- no , no , no ... it still needs to waste time doing its indexing as if I had selected the `` smart find '' . I then manually select my files -LRB- great !! -RRB- . In trying to save the `` template '' of what files I wanted to backup , it requires that I make it a reoccurring backup with selected backup frequency -LRB- YUK !! -RRB- . I want to back up when I get to it -LRB- about once a month , not when it wants to -- I am backing up to a DVD which I need to put in the drive -RRB- . OK , so now I am over that and the backup begins - GREAT !!! Upon returning into the application a month later , I can not select my saved `` template '' to `` run now '' , it will run when it is scheduled to run :-LRB- So ... I need to repeat the whole process just to get the same files as last time backed up . I exchanged emails with the company and they understood but were not going to `` add '' the features I described . Oh well - it looked like such a promising product . Now I need to find another that satisfies my requirements .
 I really dislike this software . I 'm the type that likes to customize everything and this program just is not made that way . First , when you initially select files and folders , your disk choices are `` C : '' or `` ALL '' . I have several disks and I want to pick and choose , but this program makes that really difficult . Then you have to pick a destination where the files will be backed up . Choose carefully , because you wo n't be allowed to change it later ! And if you want to do incremental backups , be sure to schedule it before you do the initial save , because you ca n't do it later . Basically the entire job , future backups and all , must be defined completly at the beginning and can never be changed without completely starting over .
 I trusted that this software would do what it claimed to do and was so let down by its lack of performance that I am dumbfounded and left speechless . During backup process I selected about 15GB of info to backup , spanning 4 DVDs . Everything looked fine , except for TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- simple errors that I received , indicating that those related files may not have been copied/backed up properly . I figured no big deal , 2 files/errors out 15GB , I could handle that . Based upon the false pretenses that my critical info was backed up properly -LRB- simple pictures , videos , mp3 files and Financial Files to include previous years tax files -RRB- , I then proceeded to slick my drive . Remember , only 2 simple , benign and almost inconspicuous errors during the backup process . Everything looked great.During the restore process , I then received numerous errors , each of them requiring me to click ` Yes ' when asked if I wanted to proceed . I got tired of clicking Yes around the 100 or so mark and decided to click no . When you click ` no ' , EVERYTHING is undone ; there is no ` ignore all ' function so I had to sit through every prompt and got tired of it and decided that proceeding with 1000 files and answering yes would involve too much pain for me . I then selected a smaller group of files to have restored , only the ` My Documents ' folder but ran into the same situation . Eventually I ran a test on a small folder to have restored and still ran into the errors but pressed through . Hardly any of the files were received error free and those that had issues were never restored . My guess is approximately 2/3 or 3/4 of my files were not restored and of course none that really mattered made it.I had the latest update applied to the program , so that should not be the cause . I would have done better to slick my entire hard drive without going through the backup process as I would have been at nearly the same place but without experiencing all the headaches , frustrations and an investment of hours , no DAYS of my time.The program has been recently purchased by Microsoft for inclusion in the Vista OS , I imagine . It will do well as a Microsoft product , as it fails to deliver upon its promises .
 If you want to throw away your money , just send it to me . I 'll waste it on junk food - and you 'll get just as much for your money.I 'm running XP - but this program refuses to load - and wo n't load from the start prompt , despite the supplied directions.So , I 've got nothing , right ? Next step oughta be their website for a little support , right ? Forget it . It 's a shell with absolutely nobody sitting in any office anywhere - except maybe a cashier counting your money.This text clip from the AlohaBob site really says it all
 Very frustrating - Amazingly , this wo n't install on Panther -LRB- OS 10.3 -RRB- - advise that you consult the Apple discussion boards befoe buying this . Some people report getting it to work on OS 10.2 .
 I bought this product , but I shall never use it . In all of Amazon 's ads I do not see any mention of the fact that this software is usable only with Mac OS X. On the Adobe box there is one little stick-on label that says this , but it is very small and easy to miss . It is not until you get into the `` read me '' files that you discover that you ca n't use this software with OS 8 , 9 , etc. . By that time you have probably opened the box , inserted the CD Rom disc , and can no longer return the material . I can not rate this software because I ca n't use it . On most of your other software ads you carefully list which platform and version the item is compatible with . You failed to do this here , and Adobe only did so after the customer is already committed . I 'm upset . I ca n't afford to blow over a hundred bucks on something I ca n't use . -LRB- Oh , I know I can install Mac OS X , but I do n't want to do that for a variety of reasons . -RRB- Bah !
 Does not support Windows 98 operating system .
 The caveats are , have a FAST computer and wait for the major patch that is probably coming soon . Its dreadfully slow on any MAC below 600mhz . Large document manipulation is laughable . The interface redesign is great but the looks dont cover up the fact that it feels sluggish and bloated ... what is it with the `` save as '' function being so slow ... and I mean SLOW !!!!! I have some issues with Adobe 's / Acrobat 's all over the map development . One minute its for maintaining a documents integrity , the next its for collaborative review of documents . Then its for printing professionals to deliver burnable files to printing agencies ... Great product but all over the map as far as how Adobe is developing it.I 'm currently involved in a project using Acrobat in creating legal documents for an impending trial . We use Acrobat HEAVILY to say the least . And I can honestly say that Adobe needs to work on a few upgrade items to make it suitable for business needs . A much more lucrative market in the long run .1 . Extractable Bookmarks
 Be very , very careful before you buy this product . Kept getting error 1303 about 3/4 of the way through when I try to install Acrobat 6 Pro on Windows XP Home Edition . Acrobat indicates in the error pane , that I do not have sufficient privileges for the C : \ Documents and Settings \ All Users area , and that I need to be an administrator . I am an administrator . I shut down all stuff that might be running in the background that might be accessing the above directory . The only thing I left running was the `` Windows System installer '' from the MSCONFIG program that comes with XP . Still no help . I even tried to install to another hard drive `` H : \ Program Files \ Adobe \ Acrobat 6 , and the error comes up again saying the same thing and says it was trying to install on drive `` C '' . What the heck 's going on here ? No help from Adobe or Microsoft !!! I 'm going back to Version 4 .
 Yes , I 've suspected as much . Adobe have been the main drivers for microsoft and intel in their battle for `` hearts and minds '' to get you to upgrade old equipment . The argument goes `` Well I kn ow its slow but I just need a faster processor , extra memory etc '' to run photoshop , or adobe product x.I have previously been running acrobat 5.0 on a 800MhZ pentium in windows 2000 with 256 MBytes memory and it was working pretty fast . So now that I have the latest centrino with 1GB memory and XP and Acrobat 6.0 professional is it unreasonable to expect things to work a little quicker !?? Well I have just converted a 55 page * text * document -LRB- note - no images -RRB- and it has taken 10 minutes on this latest hardware . Thats not impressive ! As soon as I start the conversion * everthing * else stops -LRB- I have been unable to achieve this level of hammering on my machine with 3D rendering , scientific numerical equation solvers you name it -RRB- . It eats the whole ram to do the conversion so * nothing * else can work while it does its business . The processor is not flatout but somehow is unable to do much else for 10 mins while we wait for Mr. adobe and his latest products.What are abode playing at ? How can you release upgrades that work that much slower than the previous version ?!! I get it , now I know that adobe are conspiring with wintel to make us buy faster computers , it just can not be this slow.Dont waste your money .
 I primarily use Acrobat to scan hardcopy and then edit it . This allows me to send manuscripts electronically anywhere in the world.I skipped the 5.0 upgrade and got this instead . I have never been so sorry in all my life . I have had it a month so far and can not get it to scan in color . Nor can I get it to accept more than 19 scanned pages at a time using the document feeder -LRB- Acrobat 4.0
 This upgrade has what you would expect from Adobe as far as viewing documents . Editing and saving are a far different story.They 've made some nifty improvements that are very nice , especially for reading an eBook . Beyond that , editing is a pain . Saving is close to impossible , if you , like me , have a number of font files on your computer . -LRB- Just to be fair , I have over 10,000 fonts on my computer , however , only 350 of them are installed in Windows . The others are only called when needed . -RRB- Adobe takes the time , everytime that you save a pdf , to find every font that 's ever been on your computer , no matter where the location . I 've gone to the website , and tried the suggestions they offer regarding fixing this , however none of them worked AT ALL . I 'm reinstalling my old copy of Acrobat 5 . I 'll take the step backwards in technology , as little as it 's worth . Adobe , I 've not impressed at all . Everything that you 've ever done is incredible , but 6.0 is one of the worst excuses for a upgrade that I 've ever seen . Compare to Windows ME over Windows 98 . -LRB- old , but good example of retrogress . -RRB- SAVE YOUR MONEY and wait for an acceptable upgrade or revision .
 I 've used past versions of Adobe and while not particularly impressed I maaged to get some things done . I 've had to re-type an entire 12-page PDF document with this version because the resulting `` converted '' version which is in table format is no more than gobbledygook -LRB- text prints in one table column rather than the 8 columns alloted -RRB- . I 've been everywhere short of the moon trying to find solutions to this problem but I think I 'll have better luck finding ocean front property in Arizona than I will any viable solution any time soon . I 'm going to invest in an OCR program , scan the documents that I need in and then let the OCR program do the rest . Anything has to be better than this frustration .
 I bought this product based upon the advertised new features about combining documents . After installing the product I found that the Adobe Distiller printer was no longer there and my program depended upon that printer . Eventually I got a printer set up and things working and then I found that when I moved bookmarks in my document and saved the file that the new locations for the bookmarks were not saved . Called help support and they said that it must be a problem with something I was doing -LRB- ever heard that before ? -RRB- . Problem never solved . The next problem that I encounter was out of warranty -LRB- one-month -RRB- and it was to late to return the product . I 'll bet that if they gave a six month warranty they could n't hire enough people to man the help desk . I think I have been had .
 Be warned
 It 's obvious that Adobe feels safe and entrenched as THE maker of PDF creation software , because Acrobat installs like a herd of elephants moving in to your computer . It completely re-worked my MS Word toolbars and would not allow me to restore them the way I want them . -LRB- Even after un-installation , there is still something at work against my normal.dot template . -RRB- Other applications felt the impact , too . All I want is a way to make PDF files , not a new lifestyle.Unfortunately , Acrobat 6 could not deliver the PDF files for me . On a P4 , 1.8 Ghz system , I allowed it to process my Word document for 5 hours before I gave up and had to get some real work done . I went and found activePDF Composer , which handled the same Word file and delivered my PDF file in just 10 minutes.Get over yourself , Adobe .
 I downloaded an evaluation copy of Acrobat 6 before I read the reviews here . I can confirm what others are saying
 I spoke with Adobe today and they confirmed my conclusions regarding their `` security '' features . While they state in their advertising and by phone through customer support that you can disable unauthorized people from saving , using `` save as '' , and emailing files made secure by you , the originator , it is indeed UNTRUE . Confirmed today by phone , after close to a dozen calls , readers of `` secure '' documents , can indeed use the aforementioned commands to commandeer your proprietary documents and drawings . You can , however , get the features they claim to be included in version 6.0 -LRB- and upcoming 7.0 -RRB- through Adobe Solutions , but to the expense of roughly $ 2000 . As if this was n't enough , once you get the software and start to use it , Adobe adds a disclaimer that users of some third-party , non-Adobe pdf viewers , can access your `` secure '' documents . Undoubtedly , the remaining features of their product are of great value , but these misrepresentations and untruths in advertising noteworthily deserve 1 star and a place in the hall of software shame . P.S. Version 7.0 , soon to be released , has the same misrepresentations .
 At my business we are required to scan things to PDF documents to send to our clients . I love the PDF format . It is a great way to easily condense documents into small file sizes while still maintaining quality . It 's unfortunate that I have n't found a way to create PDF without going through Adobe first . As the IT guy in our office , Acrobat problems is the biggest thing I get called about . This is the most bloated invasive software I have ever used , even more so than some spyware I 've seen . It installs itself EVERYWHERE.I have an Acrobat icon in Microsoft Word , which seems convenient for converting documents from Word to PDF , but it places the toolbar below all the other toolbars , when it only contains three buttons , taking up valuable screen space . It took me hours to find a way to remove it because it kept coming back when I would try to disable it manually . Acrobat will install toolbars everywhere that are difficult to remove , it will add `` convenient '' convert to pdf options on all your right click boxes , it will reside itself in your system memory and keep itself always on , it will add itself to your quick tray icons , and then it will come to your house , eat your food , and hit on your wife.Acrobat created problems on our computers that could only be resolved by reinstalling Acrobat . That is fine I guess , however uninstalling Acrobat does not completely remove it . I used their uninstall program , and still found over 100 instances of Acrobat left in my system registry . Acrobat still had a program left in my memory that was causing problems after I uninstalled it . This program installed over 300 keys in my system registry ! Lastly , this program constantly has trouble detecting our scanners . We use Acrobat to scan on over 15 computers and we constantly have to unplug our scanners and have plug and plug reinstall them so Acrobat can find them.I love PDF documents , and their `` Print to PDF '' feature is very useful for converting things to PDF , but as a whole , the Acrobat software is the worst software I 've ever used from a large company , and I eagerly await the day when another company makes an easier to use PDF program that can be used for scanning .
 Unfortunately , I think the Adobe Professional 6.0 might be the only game in town for someone who needs to convert a lot of paper documents into PDF files to post on the web . It does the job of converting scanned documents into PDF format very well . It 's reasonably fast at that task . That 's about the only nice thing about it . I found many , many things I did not like about the software . The help search feature is pathetic . It seems that the item I was looking for was ranked near the top in only 20 % of the time . I think it 's shameful that the very first customer call has to be paid for at $ 10 per call . I 'm supposed to get one free call when I register , but only if it is one of their `` known issues . '' How lame . I am sure the known issues does not cover a lot of real bugs in the software . Also , I tried three times but could not register . This should qualify as a `` known issue . '' It locked up 3 of my e-mail addresses but still did not register me . The OCR -LRB- `` paper capture '' -RRB- was really bad . Much , much worse than the free Microsoft scanner/OCR utility that is included with Windows -LRB- which had about 95 % accuracy on my test page -RRB- . When FineReader and Omnipage boasts greater than 99 % accuracy , I ca n't believe how bad Adobe 's OCR is . I think accuracy rates were around 50 % , but I could not tell because the format I chose -LRB- to maximize the image quality that is displayed -RRB- puts the OCR results on an `` invisible layer '' - no kidding . I can only surmise that the OCR was bad because when I test for random words by searching for them about half the times the words were not identified although I can see them clearly from the `` image layer . '' Headings do not seem to be identified most of the time . It seems large font gives its OCR trouble . Paper capture is also very slow . I also got `` unsupported resolution '' error messages when running paper capture . This is clearly a bug . When a document was scanned initially using Microsoft Photo Editor -LRB- and less frequently with Corel Painter Classic -RRB- and then it was converted to PDF using the Adobe program , it loses canvas size information . It seems to just look at the pixels , use the default twain resolution of 72 dpi or 96 dpi , and pronounce my document to be too large in inches and too low in resolution -LRB- even though the images were scanned in as 300 dpi images -RRB- . I have resized the images and increase dpi with even smaller inches in the photo editor programs , but when I convert the file into Adobe PDF , the extra document density information seems to have been stripped out . I had to rescan a bunch of documents in Adobe because I could not perform paper capture on documents that were initially scanned using Microsoft Photo Editor . I got the professional version because it was supposed to give me advanced tools to edit photos within the Adobe program . It added 5 very simple tools -LRB- I think a crop and move tool -RRB- . It was really , really not worth it . Get the standard version . The program also added a bunch of macros to my Microsoft Word , Excel , and Explorer programs . Now everytime I open a Word , Excel , or Explorer , it pops up a message saying some suspected Macros are trying to load . There is a noticeable delay when I click to allow the macros to load . I think this is very annoying . The only way to uninstall the macros is to uninstall the entire program and then reinstall the program without the macros . There should be a selective uninstall feature to disable each program 's macros . All in all , it was a surprisingly bad experience from a company that is known for other quality programs .
 OK , this does have some new features , which are handy . But some of the old , useful features of Acrobat 5 have disappeared . Remember how you could quickly edit spacing and wording of a document without having to go back and redo the PDF from the get-go ? GONE . Ca n't find it . The online help is even more useless than ever . Bad , bad choices were made in this new version . Save your money , do n't bother to upgrade .
 The general direction of Adobe 's efforts with Acrobat is admirable , so it is a bit disappointing to see them roll out such a half-baked product.WHAT 'S USEFUL -- -LSB- 1 -RSB- Fabulous document review capabilities -- you can edit directly into the underlying text , approve , then export them back into Word . -LSB- 2 -RSB- More importantly , Acrobat sets up an excellent document-review work flow that works with Outlook and other mail programs to track who has received the document and responded . -LSB- 3 -RSB- To simplify editing Acrobat transmits the PDF to the reviewers , who send back only their annotations . Acrobat then creates a compound document in which you can review all comments at once or individual comments by reviewer . With Word , you 'd have to send everyone the same file , then compile the various changes . -LSB- 4 -RSB- In MSIE , Acrobat 6.0 can quickly convert Web pages into PDF , creating either one composite file or separate files for each page . -LSB- 5 -RSB- The generated PDFs maintain most HTML links and it can also store rich media files such as Flash and animated GIFs !! -LSB- 6 -RSB- From Office documents , the bookmarking is now better -LRB- what a relief that is -RRB- -LSB- 7 -RSB- The compressed converted files are smaller . This becomes less evident though if you have textboxes and graphics in your documents , which we usually have.BUT , CAVEATS : -LSB- 1 -RSB- The beast is a pain to install . I downloaded the `` Tryout '' version from the website , and my Acrobat does not work anymore . It will not convert a simple Word document -LRB- only formatting -RRB- due to some printer error . Not sure if this happens with every installation of this software but I am fairly technically savvy , have tried reinstalling , changing printer settings to FILE , etc etc. . No go . -LSB- 2 -RSB- It took over all my Acrobat 5 associations and registry settings , so remember that you can not uninstall it and `` go back '' to Acrobat 5 . -LSB- 3 -RSB- The software is Bloated with a mega-capital B. I use a recent Pentium IV with 1 gig of RAM , and after the install of Acrobat 6 , the thing practically crawls . -LSB- 4 -RSB- Searching
 `` Acrobat 6 Standard '' came bundled with my new PC . I tried it for a week but found myself disappointed with it for all the same reasons given in the other unfavorable reviews here -- disappointed enough to remove it from my new PC and to replace it with the Acrobat 5 that I 'd been using on my old PC.I have n't much to add to what the other reviewers have said , but I 'll go ahead and state the following :6 is too different from 5 in its menu structure . The difference would be acceptable if the purpose were obvious -- say , to make 6 's menus better resemble those of other , high-volume applications such as Excel and Word . But the menu differences between 6 and 5 seem to be completely arbitrary.Many of the sophisticated yet useful features that were standard in 5 are now , evidently , premium in 6 . I say `` evidently '' because can I only assume that these features are available , at extra cost , in the Professional verion of 6 . I think one such feature perhaps is `` Tools - > Locate Web Addresses - > Create Web Links from URLs in text '' . I use that feature all the time in Acrobat 5 , but I do n't remember seeing it in Acrobat 6 Standard .
 Thank god I downloaded the trial version of 6.0 before investing cash in this one . Man is this version slow ! Also editing a document is almost impossible . Each time I tried I got a message saying something about the font not being on my system . The font was Times New Roman !! Adobe needs to squash this release and give everyone a refund or a free fix . I was forced to uninstall this piece of crap and re-install Acrobat 4.0 which works much better .
 I have investigated the possibility to `` upgrade '' to v. 6 but found out that more than an upgrade it is a way for Adobe to change its policies and charge more $ to the user . Their products seem to eliminate more and more features as they go along . How can they talk about upgrading when they keep chopping features out ? These are more `` downgrades '' than anything else . I had to decide to stay with v5 , at least until it is no longer supported .
 Do not purchase this product if you are assuming -LRB- especially due to the descriptions on Amazon of this product -RRB- that the Batch Processing feature is included . It is n't included ; save the $ 7.00 and just order professional . -LRB- or better yet use an open-source product -RRB-
 Acrobat 6.0 for MACs does not contain a feature that was available in 5.0 and that remains in the PC 6.0 . The MAC 6.0 does not have the WebDav feature to allow online editing of a document.How can it be an `` advance '' that the MAC version loses a feature that 's kept for the PC version ?
 I have been using Print Shop 15 Deluxe and was very happy . I lost a CD so decided to buy the new version Print Shop 22 . It was a big mistake . I have never been able to get it to print a whole card . It takes forever to spool the print job and then only prints a part of the graphics . TechSupport was limited to FAQ and did not address my problem . I spent an hour or two winding my way through the maze of online support and gave up . My email to Encore was not answered . I am going to go and buy a new copy of the old Print shop 15 .
 Phonics Based Reading program was advertised as being for adults and children . It is not and it does not run well at all . When I ran it on my computer it locked up the computer so bad I could not manually shut it off and reboot . Also the program is not setup for adults at all . The games are simple and meant for a 3rd grader or below . Whomever put this together was amateurish and did not know how to teach with a computer . Do not buy this product .
 `` Educator 's Choice Phonics Excelerator '' is more interesting and much , much , much , much , much , much ... better alternative per dollar .
 Began failing on incremental backups in September of 2005 -LRB- at OS version 10.3 . ? -RRB- , worked before that . Also fails on 10.4.0-10 .4.6 . Always gives the same error message - indicating a programming error . Prosoft has offered no help after many attempts over a 9 month period .
 I have this software , and I could n't make it work . I am using it with OS X , and it will do the first full backup , but just quits when I try to do any subsequent backups . I talked to customer service and they had me download an update , but that did n't work either !
 The 30 day demo worked fine but the program did not work and I was n't able to get a refund !
 This product adds spyware to your computer . It may remove some spyware but it also adds it too !!!! I had to pay a computer repairman $ 130 to get all the junk off that spysweeper put on !!!!
 I 've been using SpySweeper for 2 years now . It generally does what it is supposed to do . However , it was nearing time for me to renew . SpySweeper becomes a huge , irritating nag when it comes time to renew . Not only does the software bug you all the time , but Webroot sends out reminder e-mails too . With 3 weeks left on my subscription , I decided to renew , mostly just to get rid of all the nagging . Well , guess what ? - the renewal process reset my expiration date . Rather than giving me 3 weeks plus 1 year , the renewal starts immediately , and ends in exactly 1 year - which means , that I 've been ripped off for 3 weeks of paid subscription . Maybe Webroot thinks their users are too stupid to notice this deceptive practice of moving up renewal dates . I 've complained to them - and if they do n't make amends , then I can not recommend this product to anyone .
 I have owned Spysweeper for several years . I have found that a large amount of spyware is not getting caught . In many cases , a ** portion ** of the spyware was caught , Spy Sweeper did not remove the complete spywhere and I kept getting hits . Tried out XoftSpy software and it found and removed ALL of the spyware.Even more , I get constant e-mails from Webroot telling me that my `` Subscription needs to be renewed . '' and that I must send in another $ 25 to renew . I got caught in their scam once until I started checking my subsciption date . They frequently send out banket e-mails telling people their subscriptions are up even though they may have as much as a year left . I have contacted them several times on this issue with no response or correction.I am only keeping this software installed because I paid out the bucks for it . I would not recommend it to others mainly because of the decptive business practices and the inability to perform as advertized . Look elswhere .
 I feel duped ! I bought Spy Sweeper at the computer store a year ago . It was the 2.6 version . At first everything was great . I got my definitions , it found traces , it detected spy cookies . When I ran the definition update , I had no problem with the firewall . Every time they said upgrade , I did . Then I started getting renew e-mail . I had months to go and they sent me renewal e-mails sometimes two or three a week and I ignored them , not only because I knew the year was n't up , but I also was suspicious that it was just another spammer out to get my credit card information . I e-mailed them asking if their renew mails were really from them , voicing my concerns . I got ignored , to when I eventually got to speak to someone , they did n't even know what their renewal e-mail looked like ! The problems began when I updated the latest version which is the 4.5 . When I would try to update my definitions I 'd get a warning that there 's was a problem and contact webroot , while it had no problem noting that I had the latest version updates . No settings were changed , not even my firewall which was blamed by them . I think it 's them not me since now it 's suddenly happening . They refuse to address it . Then I checked their site about my subscritpion . I knew I had one because I bought it at the store , my subscription does n't expire until June and if I was invalid I doubt I could upgrade to newer versions . What did their page say ? No subscription ! When I wrote I never got a straight answer about it . Then I was told that the program was corrupted , download a new copy of the latest version from their site . I did . What did I get ? Boxes that said subscription not activated . They knew I had one and they wo n't change it on their site or give me explanations . After pestering does my latest version now say when I expire . I 've asked why it goes online to scan when it does n't need to and I get ignored . So I decided to call but was n't sure how because I 'm in a different time zone . It took several days for them to get back to me by e-mail saying that their Mountain Time is treated like my Eastern time to get a hold of someone . The first person I spoke to after four tries at 15-20 rings each , was nasty , especially when I told him to slow down because he mumbled . I downloaded what he told me to do , he said nothing about the firewall issue despite him telling me he read my tickets about it.The second person sounded like he 'd smoked one too many joints after he decided to answer the phone after 15 rings . He did n't know how to answer any of my firewall questions or why their page kept saying I had no subscription when the program in it 's latest version finally admitted I 'm current after pestering . They do n't give you straight e-mail answers . They do n't answer their phones hoping that after the 15th ring you 'll give up . It wo n't scan everything even when no other programs are running . In the new version it found a spy cookie , it kept repeating the same one over and over despite my checking it as `` always remove '' . Never did that with the previous versions . I do n't like a company who answers questions selectively . I do n't like a company who makes you wait 20 rings . I do n't like a company who blames your computer settings when they never affected the previous versions . Webroot 's Spy Sweeper will be replaced in my desperate search to find a spyware program that actually works , and whose staff answers my questions and not mislead me about my subscription status .
 I 'm a software tech. , and regularly run `` several '' anti-spyware programs . The older versions of SpySweeper , caused problems ... ! I really like the newer 4.5 version -LRB- read my review on tips ... -RRB- .
 I bought the software some months ago . Noticed some problems with my PC in subsequent weeks . Did n't put 2 and 2 together . Last week however , I 'd come home - no icons on screen - no ability to Ctrl-Alt_Del - each day this would happen . The machine had to be powered on and off to reboot . Pulled recent software off machine . Yes - you 've guessed - without Spy Sweeper I have no problems . OK - it might be a conflict with other software - a quick Google confirmed my suspicions that others have problems . I was never impressed that it was picking up anything of substance either - but then maybe my machine is clean .
 Upon installing a store bought copy of this program , my computer locked up . I contacted the tech service and they said it was not uncommon and I should uninstall and then go to a website to download . I did this and the same thing happened . Lock up occured during boot up and I had a difficult time just to get to access the uninstall function . The company admitted that this occassionally happens , but would not refund my money.I bought this product as added insurance to computer penetration and have refused to disable the other software I had emplaced in attempts to see if their software would subsequently work . Who can be trusted more , software that has been working or software that locks up your computer and then blames the problem on others ?
 I work at Best Buy and we install this piece of garbage all the time . For one its a huge system hog and two it does n't catch much of the pesky spyware . Also when computers come in to be cleaned up , no one uses this program -LRB- even though we 're `` supposed '' to recommend it -RRB- . I would recommend xoft , pest patrol , or MS Antispyware much much more .
 Beware of Amazon.com if you want to buy this item . While Amazon.com keeps selling this product , three times now I have received emails delaying shipment of this product . This seems more and more often lately.I have a downloaded sample of the program and it is good . It is just really sad that Amazon.com is not truthful in its sale ads - if it does n't have the product in stock , then say so !
 I have to say that I have the same experience as others have noted with Webroot 's lack of support . I bought two copies for my PCs . One installed and registered OK -LRB- not as easy as Symantec 's Live Update system , but I eventually got it to work -RRB- . Once that was done , it 's easy to use . For the second copy , the registration system never worked , so the program refuses to update on the web site . There is no way within the program to register and no useful info on their support web site on how to fix this problem . I opened an online support ticket more than 2 days ago and no response . Waited on the phone for 15 minutes , then was cut off and told to leave a message , no return call more than a day later . For a program like this , if you can get updates , it is useless . And their registration and support system is BADLY BROKEN . I 'd look elsewhere until they fix these problems .
 Today , 11 Dec 2004 , I purchased webroot Spy Sweeper from a local store . When I had it installed I attempted an update . According to the response , my software was one year out of date . The solution offered was the purchase of the updated software for the amount I had just paid . I rejected the offer , and came back to Amazon to puchase Pest Patrol , which my network admin had recommended in the first place!Note that the package displayed a PC Magazine quote , which had much to do with my decision , dated 2 Mar 2004 . That quote cited version 2.2 , the version referenced in the rejection of my update attempt was cited as 3.4 .
 Initially caused some issues that have been taken care of in the latest releases and updates . Had issues after a few updates but the subsequent update always fixed the problem.There are 11 computers between 4 homes in my family and all browse the internet without any spyware issues . Excellent piece of software .
 What pushed this program from a maybe to a must was a test of my computer for invasions on Webroot 's website . Their test said my computer contained a dangerous invader which could take it over . So I quickly purchased and downloaded their version 3.5 . It could not find the invader , however . Tech support 's response to my query
 The review below was written about a version of Spy Sweeper that was released several years ago . The program has been updated and the latest version is working quite well . -LRB- I ca n't speak about support because I have n't had to call in a long time . -RRB- If asked now , I would give it a rating of 4 stars . ======= the following was written with my original purchase in 2004I read all the reviews that talked about non-existent support and paid attention to one co-worker who said Spy Sweeper worked pretty well . I bought it . I ran into problems . The reviews were apparently right . If you need help you 're not going to get it from Webroot software . I should have stuck to Ad-Aware and HiJack This!Oh well , live and learn I guess . Here 's hoping you do n't make the same mistake .
 This has improved greatly in a few months - seems their servers were having problems with corrupted downloads - now all is well and this is back to being a top notch program ...
 I purchased Spy Sweeper and installed first week of Jan ' 05 . Imagine my surprise as I saw the subscription expiration date move back in time , seemingly every time I rebooted . As of this morning , the subscription expiration date read
 I made the mistake of buying a two-year subscription . Every upgrade slows the product down . A scan that used to take 14 minutes now takes over one hour . Stay away from this junk -- there are much better free products available .
 Installed Spy Sweeper 2.6 on Windows XP . Spy Sweeper overlayedMicrosoft License area . My system became unuseable and I had to reinstall XP . A friend who also bought Spy Sweeper lost Internet Explorer but he was able to remove Spy Sweeper and save his system . I have written customer support but they will not help or admit that this product has major problems running on XP .
 This is a good product but ... Unfortunately webrrot feels no need to stand by its current marketing claims of : Free Software UpdatesSpy Sweeper is continuously updated to provide you with the most advanced and effective spyware protection . As a Spy Sweeper customer , you receive these updates to our software absolutely FREE.This is simply not the case they have now instituted an anual subscription update fee like the big boys . When I addressed this with them on the phone they suggested I take it up with the vendor `` Fry 's Electronics '' they should have warned you.Our issues are concern over the future marketing claims made by this manufacturer . They will also say you should have read the small print ... We guess their interpritation of free and the rest of the world 's is a little different . Who knows what they will decide in the future.We are seriously disappointed in webroot .
 I am not sure that this product did anything other than slow my computers down . Much like the anti-virus applications I have used in the past as well . I think that by using products available from Microsoft there is no need for these third party application . But that is just my opinion . Does it work ? I suppose it does . Would I buy this product again ? Absolutely not !
 We purchased this program after buying High School Advantage and Math Advantage , but we were completely disappointed . We were hoping to get a program that teaches and tests in an interesting multimedia environment like High School Advantage and Math Advantage do , but what we got was a boring package of disks that do little more than test already acquired skills.The Geography disk is just a trivia game and a non-working link to National Geographic online . The trivia game is cute but doesnt teach geography at all . Basically its testing existing geography knowledge.The reading program is a cute game that is fun to play but doesnt improve reading skills anymore than a good book would . The Spanish program locks up my computer and wont run . The writing program is simply a text editor with a few borders and sounds add to a story you write . MS Word would be a better writing program as it has spelling and grammar correcting.The spelling program is also a cute game that doesnt help to improve spelling skills at all . The typing program is fun and provides a simple -LRB- actually very simple -RRB- typing lesson , but is more useful for improving existing typing skills . The fractions program is another cute , but simple , game that does a small amount of teaching , but once again fractions skills must already be acquired to play the game.The basic math disk is very similar to reading a math text . It is written on a boring page in plain type . It has very limited multimedia animations and a few exercises that are to be accomplished on a scratch paper . At least with Math Advantage and High School Advantage you can do your work on the computer.Overall we found this product too simple and very boring especially for an active elementary school aged child .
 This software failed to block most of the banner ads that show up in my.yahoo and interfered with other websites that I access on a regular basis , notably the Wall Street Journal , Forbes.com. , and even amazon . I constantly found myself turning it off . Moreover , during the six months that I ran it , there was only one update.That 's not to say that I did n't hear from Intermute . They bombarded my inbox with advertisements for innumerable other products.I have since moved to AdShield , which works much better .
 I bought this thinking that I could make a monthly wall calendar . As I look back at the description given for the product , I assumed too much . I wanted to make a calendar with pictures from my files but a monthly wall calendar - like the types sold in book stores , etc. - is not one of the options . The program is difficult to navigate and I am very computer and program literate . Very disappointed . It was easier to make a calendar like I wanted using the free templates from Microsoft and cutting and pasting my digital pictures to a Word document . Save yourself the five bucks .
 What a piece of junk . Not the least bit intuitive and the help files need help files . I 've yet to be able to produce a monthly calendar . It 's cheap because it 's worthless .
 After playing around with it for a half hour , I decided a wasted a few dollars . It 's very limited and you 'll get better results from building a calendar in Microsoft office or photo editing software sometimes comes with calendar creators ... check your other software before trying this !
 this thing is a piece of junk in a waste of money . Do n't waste your time.I was expecting it to behave more along the lines of hallmark but no .
 I 've had the product for two years and trying to upgrade gets no response through customer service . I 'm using ContentBarrier to keep the krap off my kid 's computer . Just remember that video streaming ca n't be selective .
 I bought this program when it came out and when it was working it was quite good . However it did not take long and the first disc and all of the lessons on the first disc were inaccessible . I bought the program a second time thinking it might have been a fluke disc but I found out it was no fluke I had the same problem with the second disc as I had had with the first . To bad it was a pretty good learning tool . I would not buy this again .
 this program is notcommonly downloadedand could harm yourcomputerpor favor , no instale el producto , nesecito mi credito en mi cta .
 I was charged for it twice , and it only was downloaded once . Good game and it worked well , but I was charged 6.99 twice .
 I like Nancy Drew , but the program had a virus , and I could not play the game . This said I could not order any more . Nancy Drew products .
 I 'm really surprised at the good reviews this game got , because this game is mediocre , at best ! I had played this game before , but it had been a few years and sometimes I like things better the second time I play them - but this particular Nancy Drew was n't worth my time or my money . I feel like the programmers had a great story and the first half of the game was okay , but then it just ended , like they were on a deadline so they just slapped the last part together . The characters were not likeable , the puzzles WAY too easy even on Senior detective . If you 're a Nancy Drew PC game lover , like me , and you have to play it just to say you 've played them all then go ahead - but be warned
 I have worked and worked and gone over and over all the hints , helps , and made cotact with all the characters and I am stuck in the Light House . The telephone call/hints tell me the Light House has some oil for the morse code light , but I have looked all over the Light House and ca n't find any oil . And the hits have become very vague . I ca n't find help anywhere . I advise everybody NOT TO BUY THIS GAME . It starts out O.K. but then it show some malfunctioning bugs . Perhaps that is why it is selling for $ 2.99 . Too bad . I like Nancy Drew . For me her games are now suspect with bugs . I will not buy another Nancy Drew game . Too bad , so sad . O well , moving on ... Viviana
 SPOILERS ALERTI just started getting around to the Nancy Drew games , so I can only compare to the ones I 've played -LRB- # 4 - # 8 -RRB- . `` Deception Island '' is my least favorite so far because some of the puzzles were frustrating ; not because they were difficult , but because the game tried to limit your tools so it would hinder you . I often wondered if this was done so you would be spending more time playing ; there 's a big difference between longer play time for the sake of padding out the game and longer play time that is FUN . I found the puzzles rough and were n't well thought out ; I hope this is n't a sign of the future Nancy games I 've yet to play.For example , `` Deception Island '' had tasks such as collecting a certain number of clams and testing out different light bulbs . Since you ca n't click everywhere on the screen , the clam collecting made me want to pull my hair out b/c you had to keep coming back to your screen -LRB- in two areas that are FAR apart -RRB- and scanning your cursor to see if a searchable area would pop up . It 's all chance and poor game design.The light bulb testing was the absolute worse . In reality , if there was a package of light bulbs , a person would take the entire package to go test it out . But since this game wanted to test your patience and give you more game play , Nancy suddenly could only carry one light bulb at a time . WHY ? She seems to always carry way too much . Thus , as a player , you had to keep going upstairs and downstairs , turning switches , opening doors , closing doors , testing a bulb , then finding out it does n't work and going back downstairs to try it all over again.Finally , there was an anagram puzzle that required her to use an anagram program on her computer . The program did squat ; all it did was arrange your letters so you manually had to figure it out . Since the word was so long , it could take a person a long time to guess since so many words could be formed . Also , Nancy has to wear a helmet everytime she gets on her bike ; I suppose they want to reinforce players to wear helmets in real life but it got very old fast.The plot and characters are nothing special , but I could n't help noticing how strange it was that at one point , an old woman character was spying on an unknowing Nancy several times and called her on the phone ... while Nancy was in the middle of the ocean !!! How creepy and sick ! The character then made Nancy do all these odd jobs to find clues . . It was very disturbing and the old granny character -LRB- who wo n't let Nancy see her -RRB- bordered on being a sexual predator.I felt there were too many glitches with the puzzles so I can not recommend this game.The ending is almost satisfying . I felt the game designers got cold feet on going all the way on what you would expect to be the ending and the true villain of the game.There was one fun aspect - you can make sandwiches , and it was funny to see the reactions when she gives it to her friend to eat !
 Do NOT buy I repeat DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This game is very fun AND my mom dose n't even understand it ... Other problem ... IT SHUTS DOWN MY COMPUTERS SOUND !!!!!!!!! I had to take the file and UN-LOAD IT.AKA DELETE DELETE DELETE DELETE.WWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSTTTTTTTT OOOOOOOOFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYY
 Not so much a review as asking why does it say CD-Rom and no operating system on a gel wrist pad?LEATHERETTE GEL FLEX WRIST REST
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! It is a rip off compared to Panther -LRB- 10.3 -RRB-
 I have bought this product for 1 year . When I received it , I found one of the cds is broken and email them for replacing it . After 4-5 months , I emailed them almost 10 times and what I got were few auto-reply mails and 2 insincere mails from Mr. or Ms. no name . Yes , NOT ANY cd was sent to me ! It 's really a very terrible experience I got ! Cause the same problem I have had with another company -- I got another broken cd from Hemera . They were responsible for sending a replacement cd to me soon via international express . That impressed me ! Ha ! These 2 companies are so different !!!
 The description of this product is very misleading . They say it is compatible with Windows but they forget to mention that it works with Windows 3.1 and Windows 95 . I was looking forward to viewing many quality photographs of Africa , but I quickly discovered that the disks were developed with now obsolete software . After a lot of work loading an old version of QuickTime software from Apple , I was able to view only a small number of the photographs . The photographs are low resolution conversions of analog photographs . The disks use `` Project Skeleton '' software from Macromedia . By today 's standards the sound and picture quality is very inferior . Many of the photographs are buried in . dir files that Macromedia reads and can not be viewed directly from the disks.Stay away from this product unless your only computer runs Windows 95 .
 This product is slight variation onInstant Immersion Japanese v2 .0 -LSB- Old Version -RSB- with a marked up price.The first disk is pretty good -LRB- which you get in the old version -RRB- , some vocabulary and phrases with a nice recording feature . The remaining disks are clearly not a continuation of the first disk and have the feel of cast offs from other software companies circa 1980 that were just bundled together . I was pretty amused by the vocabulary disk that seemed to be primarily the names of zoo animals -LRB- and cockroach ! -RRB- Oh , the old version includes a disk on Human Japanese , pretty nice , but not in this version . Too bad , but you can get this for free on Apple App Store.A four disk continuation of the first disk would be a solid product , but this is not what you are getting .
 I thought the products mentioned all sounded great , but I could only find the JQuickTrans program useful . The other programs are good for begginers , but if you are an intermidiate learner , it might be tough to figure out where to go in the program .
 When I first bought this program , I was very excited . I had planned to use this as a supplement to another program I planned to buy later , figuring that it would give me the basics . The first CD was really helpful and I was ready to continue to learn with the second CD . Next thing I know I 'm basically ready to throw the thing out the window ! All the instructions are in Japanese , the words are in Japanese , and I sat there with a blank look . Looks like I 'll be ordering the Complete Japanese software sooner than I thought .
 Although it says it will run on Windows XP , I had big problems . If you have Windows XP , skip this software at least in its 203d version .
 Does not work with Windows Me . Can not install .
 If your anything like me you see the price on this product , your excited , many of the reviews make it sound great . I 'm sorry to rain on your parade but the truth is this not a very good program . The first CD `` talk now ! japanese '' is a good vocabulary builder , teaches a bunch of sections with little sections inside , for example , there will be the shopping section which teaches some random house hold items . Once you enter this section -LRB- or any other section -RRB- you have 4 choices - a list of the words , another part where you can record your own voice -LRB- very handy for pronunciation -RRB- , then an easy game , and a hard game . All while I was using the first CD i was VERY happy , I felt like i was finally gon na be able to learn a good amount of japanese ... WRONG!On to the second CD , it wis ALL in japanese , with the exception of english directions . You have to realize you are n't taught any verbs in the first CD . Now I dont know how anybody else 's brain works but mine needs directions and pased learning . The CD is set up in sections of games in different areas and I found myself guessing most of the answers and I did n't feel like I learned anything.On to the third CD called Jquicktrans , did n't understand how it worked , gave up because I had better things to work with . difficult though.On to the fourth CD , this is just a bonus program as I see it , learn some things about japan 's culture , it is interesting , nothing special.I learned some nice vocabulary , some stuff about japan 's culture , some kanji . now I 'm off to see if i can find a better method ... I did n't learn anything through this program and I would not suggest anyone buy this .
 I was torn between Instant Immersion and Rosetta Stone . Well , I.I. was 49 bucks while R.S. was 300 bucks . I tried I.I. I really did not enjoy this instant immersion software . Euro Talk could have done much better . Very poor interface , looks like a 10 year old programmed it . No real voice recognition , just a record/replay feature . Does n't help . i quickly sent it back to the company for a refund and ordered R.S. no contest , R.S. wins by a landslide !
 I sure hope I can get my money back for this . I got the `` Deluxe '' edition from Costco and it comes with no documentation . I tried one of the programs and it was not intuitive -LRB- no way to back up -RRB- and only covered about 25 % of the screen . Yuck !
 Do n't get fooled by Amazon.com 's listing which says the software is compatible with XP . It 's not . It installs but will not run -LRB- typical of a Windows 95 program -RRB- .
 -LRB- I have not yet used the state yet , but -RRB- using the business return was very frustrating . Program would unload on every error , so I would lose my work and have to go back . The interview always started from the beginning . I could not name my return -LRB- it just saved somewhere -RRB- . I deleted a worksheet , but the entire 1140 form was deleted.For the money I saved , I burned it in labor . I will go back to Intuit next year .
 I purchased this product because the price tag was right -LRB- half the price of the comparable Turbotax product -RRB- . As the saying goes you get what you pay for -- except in this case you get less!I had to download over 200 forms from the website , the program crashed several times while doing this . Some of the shortcomings include : The program does n't remember you to where you left off in the interview process so you must start at the beginning or manually find your locationMore detailed tax explanations are cumbersome to get and often must be downloaded from the siteThe program also would `` forget '' information that had been input . For instance , the depreciation worksheets would accept data , not do corresponding calculations , and at the end of the input process , behave as if you had n't just created that item 's recordIt 's almost as if the program were created for people who already knew what they were doing , but just wanted some automated assistance -LRB- minus the outright bugs of forgetting inputted data -RRB- . In any case , as a Turbotax user from previous years , I 'd recommend that product hands down over Taxcut.I have n't used the personal tax portion of this package , and I 'm not going to .
 I found this software package to come up very short . I purchased this edition only to find out later , in the very very small print , that I needed the business all-state edition to do the state return . -LRB- Intuit 's is downloadable.Taxcut is not . -RRB- The personal state tax software wo n't work either . I searched every office supply and computer store in raleigh and could not find a copy of the business all state edition.I did not like the process to fill out the federal return either , nor the way it printed the form . I found it very cumbersome and impossible move around during the `` interview '' . It was my mistake though , I have alternated every year between turbo tax and taxcut for the last 12 years , I can not seem to remember that intuit is the one that I like so well . I hope I do n't make this mistake again.I have found the purchase of TaxCut to be very inconvenient .
 It is awful . The interview process asks all the easy , basic stuff , but when it comes to the tough parts like filling out schedules , you 're on your own.The `` free state software '' is not the business edition . It 's for personal taxes . Pure deceit . And guess what ? The only place you can buy the Business Tax State edition is through TaxCut for another -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . Pure greed .
 While the personal return , both federal & state were OK , they were difficult to get accustomed to and even after doing several returns , difficult to navigate around in . Also had a hard time printing which may or may not be related to the program , but do n't usually have a hard time printing.The Business software was appealing because it had fiduciary -LRB- 1041 -RRB- forms . It did , but it did n't do much other than let you type them in and do the math for you.It was also very maddening to find that in order to get state forms -LSB- an additional fee -RSB- was required , even though I only needed one state . What 's with that ???? The advertising info says that state forms are included ... it does n't say only for personal returns . A `` chat '' with HR Block , was a relative waste of time.I might use thier personal tax software next year , but I sure wo n't buy the business package again !!!
 I bought this product last year and found it superior to TurboTax/MacInTax . This year , despite two phone calls and one email to the manufacturer , I can not even get the program to work . If there were a zero-star rating , I would give it to this product . It is utterly and totally unsatisfactory to this purchaser .
 Kiplinger put its 2001 version of TaxCut deluxe on the market for Mac users before the software was suitable to prepare taxes . This version will not print properly without an update from the manufacturer 's Web site , which is not available and will not be posted -LRB- according to TaxCut 's customer service department -RRB- until the end of February 2002 . I have since purchased Quicken 's TurboTax for Mac and found it far superior and user friendly . All of the forms and the electronic filing procedure in te Quicken product work perfectly .
 This is a serious bug . TaxCut will not print to HP printers , there is no work around and there is no patch available and no word on when or if one will be available . Customer Service is no help . Not only do they not know anything about Macs , but they have no solution either . The online help is similarly worthless . This version should have never gone out the door this way . I would NOT recommend buying it until the bugs are fixed ; by that time you could do your return by hand and have a rebate .
 This is my second year of using TaxCut . Prior to last lear I had used Intuit tax programs for 8 years . After several problems with Intuit support both MacinTax & Quicken I switched to TaxCut . Last year was fine . This year the installation program failed the first time I ran it . On the second install program installed . When I tried to start it the extensions had n't installed . I then dragged copies of the extension into the system folder.Once started only a portion of the last years data was carried forward.The were additional problems installing both the federal update and the State program.Also not all print options are available , the left hand bullets do n't print , only by selecting groups of individual documents would anything print.I sent an e-mail to customer support on Feb 23 , requesting support on the printing problems , as of Mar 5 no response was recieved.These problems were encounted running under a new install of 8.6 running on a 604e with 64 Meg memory , and virtual memory tuned on.If you think twiddling with installs and chasing missing extensions are too much a chore do n't buy this product .
 You may pay a few more bucks for the TurboTax software , but you will certainly get your money 's worth ! TurboTax -LRB- by Intuit -RRB- is much better refined than TaxCut , and I believe that this is due to the fact that TurboTax has had much more experience in the tax software and personal finance business .
 I have used Turbo Tax -LRB- a competitor to TaxCut -RRB- for several years with great success . This year I tried TaxCut because of the lower price , and was seriously disappointed . The program will not let me e-file , because it misinterprets some of my data -LRB- details below if you are interested -RRB- . An email to customer service was never answered . An hour-long call -LRB- at my expense -RRB- produced no help . A promised return call never came . The final answer from customer service is that I simply can not efile with TaxCut . The program also crashes occasionally . I have to paper file this year and will never use TaxCut again.Problem details
 I bought this product based on Macworld 's review , having previously used Intuit 's MacinTax . The interface _ is _ much better , particularly moving between forms . However , the download for the update took awfully long and the State download never happened for me , despite the fact that their customer service said I had downloaded it three times successfully -LRB- I received two 24 KB files and a 125 KB file for a 1.9 MB download and never reached download speeds of over 1200 bytes -RRB- . Oh , did I mention the downloads only work under IE ? NOTE
 The program is certainly priced better than TurboTax and the rebates offered to PC users are also offered to Mac users . It seems easy to use and was problem free up until it was time to print . The current version 1.1 will not even print the blank 1040 test page much less a completed return ! I have combed the online help pages and have not found anything useful . Considering that the blank test page wo n't print , I can only assume that H&R Block did not perform sufficent testing before release . I have sent an e-form question to Tech Support describing the problem and my system in detail . I hope to hear back within 48 hours . My system is an iMac DV 400/320MB OS 9.2.1 with an HP 960c printer .
 OK People , First of all , I can not rate this software ! Picked up the software at the local Staples store . On front of the box , `` TAXCUT from H&R Block , STATE . Ok that , s good . But inside the box , the `` QUICK Start Guide '' has `` BUSINESS State '' . So before I open this box , what is it ?? Regular personal state tax or business tax ??
 You do need the FED version to use the State one . What if I only want to use the State version ... buy the FED version ?
 I am so disappointed about not being able to prepare more than one state tax . I never used to have this issue with Tax Cut previously . Why should I have to pay for another state preparation ? You never any say what additional cost is for any additional states .
 On the box at stores you say it 's for these states only etc. . Than on the internet it 's for state with income tax only . I ` tsnot clear what it 's for ! Please send me an email to tell me if I can file my taxes with the delux addition and be safe for Houston , Texas I have always liked your product and it has been simple till now . Is this the filing edition for the state of Texas in stores today ? Please answer real soon.Thanks .
 It 's simple . You are not including the state of Texas which we have alway had before this year . Downloads are not the best way to get an valid form to use for the IRS . You have to send off fortoo much to get discount before getting what you want . This is for the birds . It 's never been so difficult . Sorry but you disappoint us this year with so many changes going on in this world today and layoffs why do you make it so difficult for us?I 'm ready to quite using computers and go back to the pen and paper way
 Why ca n't I buy the products and you send me my rebate as before?I could wait until the cows come home with the help almost everybody has today . You are not letting me get the work I need done until you get what you want . Since when do we cater to you?I thought you made products to please the plubic and make it easier on them ! Sorry if I 'm mis-understanding the whole deal you are offering .
 It has a clumsy interface . You can not share the book with others unless they have to software . You can not print anything from it . I would not recommend this software .
 If you have an older version of this software I would stick with it . I wish I could go back every time I use this new one , but it 's too late for me . The `` improvements `` are minimal and mostly useless and there are lots of `` unimprovements '' , which they tend to do every time they upgrade.If you do not use Quickbooks and are a potential first time customer , go elsewhere . Research other software , like M.Y.O.B. or others . I 'm not endorsing MYOB - Ihave never used it . It 's just another similiar product to look into . Intuit has ruined Quickbooks and their tech support and customer support are the worst in theindustry .
 This is a good product ... However , one draw back is if your clients do not use a current version of Quickbooks it is not helpful .
 The telephone support is much too expensize to use for small businesses like the one I have . The e-support is a hassle because it requires wasting even more time than I have to give . The amount paid for Quickbooks plus trying to speak to a real live person plus the COST of speaking to anyone is far more expensive than hiring a CPA to take care all of this . If I knew what I know now , I would have avoided Quickbooks like the plague.Look anywhere else but here !
 The telephone support is much too expensize to use for small businesses like the one I have . The e-support is a hassle because it requires wasting even more time than I have to give . The amount paid for Quickbooks plus trying to speak to a real live person plus the COST of speaking to anyone is far more expensive than hiring a CPA to take care all of this . If I knew what I know now , I would have avoided Quickbooks like the plague .
 Having used QB 99 for 3 years and being very satisfied , I recently upgraded to QB Premium 2002 . As soon as the upgrade was in place , I discover that I must subscribe to the Basic Payroll Service -LRB- $ -LSB- money -RSB- annually -RRB- to view any of my payroll history . None of the payroll reports work without this service ! All I want is a current tax table to compute payroll taxes for my 6 employees . $ -LSB- money -RSB- a year is obvious price gouging to provide a simple data file that used to cost $ -LSB- money -RSB- a year . Furthermore , QB Premium 2002 constantly needs Internet access to perform certain functions , which gives me the eery feeling that Intuit is scanning my QB files .
 I have used Intuit products for a decade and a half , including Quickbooks and Quicken . They used to be one of the BEST customer service and technical support companies around . Now they are near the bottom ! And I 'm not writing this on a whim . I 'm talking from years of experience with them . The past few years has been horrible.They charge a lot of money for technical support now , which used to be free . When it was free it was great . Now that I 'm paying an arm and a leg for it , they suck . The eSupport center that I paid good money to use has not worked for almost a half a year now and no one has been able to tell me why . In fact , they say it works when it clearly simply DOES NOT WORK!If you are a long time Quickbooks user you might have to stick with it because it is too time consuming and expensive to switch all your accounting data to new software.IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING QUICKBOOKS FOR THE FIRST TIME , I WOULD SERIOUSLY CONSIDER GOING ELSEWHERE . The software is pretty good , 3 , maybe 4 , stars , but technical support and customer service as just as important as the software , and Intuit SUCKS in these areas . I would find an accounting system from a company who gives a damn about their customers AFTER the purchase.Be warned !
 Intuit
 Quickbooks 2002 is just another opportunity for Intuit to extract a few more dollars from your bank account . This product features items that are hardly worth the price tag , and according to my CPA , features that will hardly be used by even the most sophisticated accountant . Customer support is horrible . I used Quicken and then Quickbooks for quite some time and was very satisfied . Many of my associates have complained about their difficulties involved in navigating Quickbooks . This has not been a problem for me . I do n't have an issue with Intuit and I am not a disgruntled consumer . Quickbooks is a great seller simply because people do n't know any better . Unfortunately , the newer versions have higher price tags and are couple with less than optimum customer support . I am now using MYOB , and I will tell you that it 's like a breath of fresh air .
 If you like your current Quickbooks bank statement reconciliation , forget the upgrade . It vanishes , and you get an extended register instead . The package says all former reports plus updated ones , but call support and ask for the old one and the response is , `` That is n't a valid question . `` Currently running payroll on your version of Quick Books ? You ca n't even use the one in QuickBooks Premier unless you pay extra to subscribe to their services.Once you upgrade , none of your data will work on the earlier copy of Quick Books . You are toast .
 Do not buy this software unless you have deep pockets and do n't mind spending lots of money on support . I do n't want to sound paranoid but this software has bugs built into it to force you to call support . -LRB- did I mention the software come with 0 support -RRB- not 60 days not 30 days not even 1 day of support is included with the purchase.And all the great services that the product tells you about cost additional with monthly fees .
 To Whom It May Concern , I had a problem with my QuickBooks and sent several complaints which were never answered , so I doubt that this one will be either.Actually , my wife figured out how to remove the link that was showing up for ` Payment Network ' and that fixed it . She got her answer from the QuickBooks community and not from Intuit . In fact , that is one of the biggest complaints I have about Intuit , being that there is a lack of customer support unless you pay for it.I tried to get the answer from one of your customer service people and was very disappointed in the service that I got . He would n't connect me to his supervisor and when I asked if there was some way to identify him to file a complaint , he told me that there was not . And then told me that he could not help me unless I was to pay $ 20 and process at least $ 20 per month through intuit . He refused to help me and cut the call short . I did n't think that it was right to include this link that basicly sells a product that Intuit offers and all I wanted to know was how to remove it . He told me that it was part of the software and could not be removed.I have a lot of time and energy invested in Quickbooks with inventory control and pricing and quotes and invoices and keeping track of customers and a lot of customizing and wish I would have known ahead of time that I was going to be hit with commercials every time I did something on the program . I would have chosen Peachtree or another program.I am wasting my time trying to get through to someone when I know you do n't really care . Perhaps it is better for me to vent my frustrations through a blog space dedicated to QuickBooks and see how many others feel this way.Maybe this way I could save others from the frustrations that I have had using QuickBooks.Thanks if you are still reading , Gary Usinger
 I have the Quickbooks 2009 ... had to call customer service to get the software registered ... was on the call for 1 hour and 31 minutes ... over an hour on hold because I refuse to give a credit card number for the so called service plan ... I asked the non English speaking rep to transfer me to a supervisor ... she refused ... out right refused ... thank god there are other programs out there that do what Quickbooks does ... you are completely correct ... Intuit SUCKS ... Do n't buy this product ...
 Quickbooks seems to be very limited , 5 concurrent user limit regardless of how many copies you buy.During the period of time I 've tried to contact them through their E-commerce site , I have discovered that they have absolutely insulated themselves from the public ... not a good sign.The QB software ca n't be downloaded even from the Intuit site , yet requires post installation activation . In other words you have to wait till they get around to sending the CD to you , and then after getting it loaded you have to ask them for permission to use it . Upgrade your hardware and you could end up jumping through hoops of fire in order to get it working again.After spending several hours over two days trying to access their E-commerce site , which can not be accessed unless you set up your own system security to basically drop its trousers , I have come to the conclusion that Intuit is poorly equipped to service the business management and accounting needs of other companies if they manage their own site security , marketing and PR so poorly.After all of this , they were unable to find my order to cancel it.Do you want your small business accounting software to be writen by a company that ca n't find it long enough to pull it 's thumb out?I will not buy Intuit software again until such time as they return to the practices that built their reputation.Customer support and accessPrecise and accurate internal management of their company.Proper E-commerce website security
 Intuit
 QuickBooks 2001 is no longer supported . I assume that Intuit will drop support at the rate of one edition per year . It is more like leasing the software for 3 years , not buying it . Even the extra cost features became unusable .
 I purchased the software at Stapples -LRB- Hamilton Ontario -RRB- the software with the cashbox and scanning software for barcodes came to $ 4,000.00 now I did not know that the suport was for 30 days and that after that I would have to pay over $ 130.00 per moth -LRB- yes I did get a credit for $ 800.00 not in cheque -RRB- but for technical support and after those $ 800.00 are over my staff told me that we have to pay for it -LRB- I was amazed -RRB- that a product that cost over $ 4,000.00 does not even have more extended technical support , correct me if I am wrong but when you purchase a computer and some computers are dirt cheap lets say $ 1,500.00 you would get technical support for a year or sometimes more . I am not impressed at all with there so called `` customer service '' I am in the process of opening more stores and I will go look at other providers for software and scanning bar code mechanism .
 There are reasons to buy Quickbooks . For instance it 's a lot cheaper than accounting software for professionals . But why not buy it on Ebay for a fraction of the price from one of the many dissatisfied users trying to get rid of it ? I recently upgraded my business from Quicken home & business 98 to Quickbooks . I 've always hated Quicken for it 's array of annoying idiosyncrasies but I 'm now locked in with years of transactions . I 've spent several days worth of time on Quickbooks , so I 'm no expert . However I 've run into problem after problem trying to get my accounting practices set up . For instance it simply wo n't let me enter transactions directly into my foreign account register , despite the help file telling me that I can . And my invoices come out with missing lines and text.The real problem though , is that these bugs are n't Intuit 's problem . They 're Intuit 's profit . Tech support is not available without paying . Strangely , searching the online help gave me no hits for my problems.I can not compare this product with Microsoft Money since I have n't tried that one . Perhaps Quickbooks Pro is still your best bet , but do n't pay full price !
 I am not sure how or why this software is popular . If you want an accounting program that controls you , wo n't perform as advertised without spending more dollars after you buy it -LRB- $ 129.00 , minimum -RRB- , and continually has items to click-on to spend more money on checks , forms and services , buy this . I mean , if you have nothing better to do ! Also , if you have a firewall program , you will be amazed as to how often Intuit is trying to connect with your program . You would have to pay me to use this QuickBooks Pro 2002 . A real disappointment . For -LSB- item price -RSB- you should get a fully operational , unlimited program . Be sure to read all the fine print .
 Quickbooks 2002 is a halfway decent accounting program for small business . Unfortunetly Intuits ridiculus company policy of releasing buggy software and then charging you for them to fix it is most fustrating . Then there are the yearly upgrades that you have to pay for . No , you do n't HAVE to pay for a new version each year ... it 's just that your old version stops working if you have to reinstall it . It will then ask to for a special activation key that you can only get if you ring them up and then fill in a 10 page document -LRB- and get it signed by a j.p !!! -RRB- . When you vent your fustration and anger , the ever so helpful phone support person will suggest that it would just be easier to upgrade to the latest version for a large sum of money . Yeah , thanks ...
 While this program seems to do a lot , it presents a lot of frustrations too .1 . Technical support starts -LSB- to get expensive -RSB- to get anything useful , and you have to wait a long time -LRB- at your own expense -RRB- to get help . Built-in help is insanely organized , and the printed manual refers you to the built-in help .2 . Not really a Windows program -- the menus do n't work the way you 'd expect , and you often tab off into some wildly unpredictable field .3 . Sold for multiple users , but not really a network program ; many things ca n't be done while in `` multiple user mode '' and the -LRB- single -RRB- file for each company gets bigger and bigger , taking forever to load and quit as time goes by .4 . Constantly presents you with little advertisements for other Intuit products -LRB- Web hosting , payroll service , pre-printed invoice forms -RRB- while you 're doing your own work . Infuriating ! 5 . The menu structure is illogical -- adjusting journal entries are under `` Banking . `` I have n't tried the others so ca n't compare . Notwithstanding the above , this may be the best such program of its type ! Just dont ' suppose you 're going to get everything you need for the price of admission .
 I own an older version of QuickBooks Pro which suddenly stopped and asked me to re-enter my registration number . I had no idea where the old box with the registration number was . A phone call to QuickBooks tech support informed me that QuickBooks can be only run a certain number of times before one has to re-enter the registration code . This was for `` marketing purposes '' . They refused to give me my old code as my version was `` no longer supported '' . However , when I bought a -LSB- costly -RSB- upgrade , they suddenly were able to give me a code to let me use my old version ... Suddenly stop the customer 's software from working , customer can not recover any data , refuse support , demand an upgrade , then open the software up again.Will newer QuickBooks programs suddenly stop working a few years from now ?
 Do not buy this software unless you have deep pockets and do n't mind spending lots of money on support . I do n't want to sound paranoid but this software has bugs built into it to force you to call support . -LRB- did I mention the software come with 0 support -RRB- not 60 days not 30 days not even 1 day of support is included with the purchase.And all the great services that the product tells you about cost additional with monthly fees .
 I own a small engineering consulting business and have used Quickbooks since 1995 . I was very happy with Quickbooks 99 , but am very disappointed in Quickbooks 2002 . This version is generally more difficult to use than others . Additionally , the program has a tendency to crash and close without warning , particularly while using online features . It also does not import files from Zoskware 's Expenspro -LRB- an expense account program for Palm handhelds -RRB- , no such importation problems occurred with Quickbooks 99 . Intuit now offers ABSOLUTELY NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT WHATSOEVER , unless you want to pay them for it . Essentially , Intuit is selling a bug-filled product , then forces the customer to pay for the exterminating.This product was purchased only because Intuit ceased supporting online banking and stopped offering their payroll subscription services -LRB- apparently they approximately -LSB- money -RSB- yearly charge was providing insufficient income , forcing users to replace software which is only 3 years old -RRB- . Customers who desire continuance of these features were forced to upgrade , then charged for tech support when this program failed to function as intended . If you upgrade to this version , expect problems and expect to be forced to upgrade again in a few years . If you are purchasing accounting software for the first time , purchase something else .
 If you have an older version of this software I would stick with it . I wish I could go back every time I use this new one , but it 's too late for me . The `` improvements '' are minimal and mostly useless and there are lots of `` unimprovements '' , which they tend to do every time they upgrade.If you do not use Quickbooks and are a potential first time customer , go elsewhere . Research other software , like M.Y.O.B. or others . I 'm not endorsing MYOB - I have never used it . It 's just another similiar product to look into . -LSB- In my opinion -RSB- Intuit has ruined Quickbooks and -LSB- I feel -RSB- their tech support and customer support are the worst in the industry.Be warned !
 We had been using a single user version Quickbooks 2001 for about 1 year without any problems . Upgraded to a 5 user version of Quickbooks 2002 and employed someone especially to go over the accounts receivable and tidy everything up . After 3 days work Quickbooks clobbered it 's data file and the only solution was to go back to a week old backup . The built in ` verify ' and ` recovery ' utilities did not work . Intuit might be able to recover the data for -LSB- money -RSB- and 10 working days ... no thanks . I can not see any other cause for the data loss other than a bug in Quickbooks . Yes , we should back up more often , but I am a careful computer user and this is the first time I have lost data in the last 15 years , by any means . I have lost confidence in the Quickbooks not to corrupt it 's own data files , so we are now backing up several times per day.Other than the data loss , some of my other gripes with Quickbooks are :1 . Text fields are not handled like regular windows text fields . For instance , ctrl + insert will not act like copy in a text field . Address fields are constantly trying to re-format themselves into a jumbled mess .2 . Some of the features require subscription to an Intuit service before they are any use - payroll is the best example .3 . The lack of a packing slip is a major problem for our business .4 . Tech support is -LSB- money -RSB- per minute or -LSB- money -RSB- per 10 minutes if you want to wait for Intuit to call you back . Ouch!However , what else is there which compares with the ease of use and features of Quickbooks ? Just make sure you keep a good paper trail and back the data file up .
 Intuit sees selling software as the first set in their revenue stream . When you buy the software you become hostage to Intuit 's very manipulative marketing and seemingly endless offers and services . Many of the features you buy with the software only operate with a monthly subscription . The 2002 release is buggy but you get no help from the very pricey tech support without a credit card ! Do n't help this corporation remain the biggest player in the Small business accounting market . Intuit makes Microsoft seem like a public charity .
 I purchased Quickbooks in 1995 and subsequently upgraded to the Pro 5.0 version over a few years . I enjoyed the program and touted it 's benfits . I upgraded again last summer to Quickbooks Pro 2001 for no other reason than to keep up to date . Recently when ordering the new tax table updates , we were informed that they were no longer available for the previous modest cost and that we had to subscribe to automatic updates for a fee ... I am very displeased and can no longer recommend this program .
 After spending several hundred dollars , I had a product that worked well for two weeks . After the two weeks it failed in a hailstorm of error messages and Intuit refused to discuss the issue unless I subscribed to technical support for several hundred more dollars per year . Even the help index created errors and the online help was no use . If Intuit refuses to support it 's product they should disclose it on the outside of the package .
 I just purchased QuickBooks Pro 2002 because my Accountant suggested to use it , and quite honestly , it is the most un-user friendly program I have used in years.I have used MS Money for the past two years , and I have not had any problems with the interface and everyday normal use , and the help within the program is excellent.With QB Pro 2002 , it takes double the time to do anything . For example , if you enter in a bill , then you have to open up another window to actually pay it , and then open up another window to print the check . Cross-referencing Bills , with the Checks used to pay the bill , as well as the original Invoice is none-existant , and worse yet , the help included with the system is very inadequate and a in a few instances even wrong.Entering in memorized transactions is an absolute pain , when you are prompted to enter in the memorized transactions upon start-up it just asks if you want to enter them , it doesnt tell you which ones they are . When you go to the memorized transactions area , it doesnt differentiate the transactions which are due compared to those which arent - so when you have many memorized transactions , it can take 10 minutes to figure out which ones the program is refering too.The program is cumbersome , and takes 5 minutes to load on my computer -LRB- a PIII-500 -RRB- which is absurdly long . Since QBPro is the standard , and everyone uses it , its the best out there , but by all means , if you have a choice between Money 2002 Business or QB Pro 2002 , go with Microsoft , they have an excellent product , and its a breeze to do anything within the program .
 ... This package in its 1999 version was reasonably acceptable as a single-entry type program , however since then , Intuit has produced a very buggy and unstable product that seems to get worse with each revision . Software programs of this type -LRB- single-entry `` list '' -RRB- are not really true accounting systems . They give non-accountants the false sense that they can maintain complex records without any difficulties . Unfortunately , with these types of programs , unsophisticated users can make a considerable mess of their business transactions that will require more $ to straighten out.Another very serious flaw and reason to avoid this package is its cost . Intuit requires that you subscribe to their annual payroll updates . If you choose not to subscribe the program does NOT give you the ability to modify tax tables , which means that you can not produce payrolls in subsequent years . In addition Intuit has a very annoying feature of constantly going out onto the Internet looking for QuickBooks updates -LRB- bug fixes -RRB- . This feature can be turned off but I 've found that the program still unexpectedly attempts to go online and occasionally locks up my system . In truth I really do n't trust software that constantly trys to fiddle with the data on my computer and is in fact trying to determine my market profile . In addition Intuit regularly attempts to sell you more services by the use of very annoying -LRB- and unprofessional -RRB- pop-up windows.Lastly , service and support is poor and very expensive . Intuit will not talk to you unless you provide a credit card , even when the problems relate to the product 's own software bugs.Intuit 's Quicken was at first a simple and effective product , however along the way its QuickBooks has developed into a marketing tool disguised as an accounting package - look elsewhere to satisfy your business informational needs . Peachtree and M.Y.O.B. are better choices -LRB- although the learning curve is steeper -RRB- . I understand that Intuit recently purchased M.Y.O.B. so be cautious , it too might turn into a marketing gimmick instead of the real accounting system that it 's been for years .
 I miss my quickbooks version 6.0 ... This 2002 upgrade is a letdown . There is almost no difference . I would hang on to the older versions if I were you . Unless you have money to burn .
 Quickbooks software is great - I really do love it , but if you need ANY TYPE OF HELP ... forget it . Intuit , Quickbooks Publisher , is as custom UNFRIENDLY as companies get.I have used quickbooks for years including several upgrades and additional services . I had a computer crash and lost the software - and everything else . I have the disks but since they are upgrade CD not the `` full program '' I ca n't reload the software onto my new system.Help from Quickbooks ? Not unless I am willing to pay $ 50 - $ 149 the cost of buying the brand new software which I should n't have to do.Quickbooks offers the worst customer service of any company I have ever done business with so if all you want is great software , then Quickbooks is for you . If you MAY EVER need any type of support , avoid all Intuit products ; Quicken , Quickbooks , TurboTax and more.Chad Currin
 Ordered this item and waited three weeks and did not receive the item . Sender checked to see what happened to my item , and she found out they sent it to another address . I am still out of QuickBooks 2002 .
 As a previous owner I can say without reservation that this package was a collosal waste of my money but more importantly it wasted a lot of my time . No multi-currency support so forget it if you do any business internationally . Report generating capabilities are terrible compared with other products -LRB- e.g.MYOB -RRB- . Also , to get the rebate you need to be a prior user of the product so you 're out of luck if you are buying your first package .
 This program not only requires you to subscribe to their Payroll services to fully use the program - rather costly for a small operation - but when I downloaded an `` upgrade '' , it removed the ability to print out W-2 and W-3 forms . It will not even compute and preview . The only way to print out the forms is to subscribe to their Payroll Services .
 In order to use payroll past a certain time limit , you must subscribe to Intuit 's tax table service and pay them ... each year . They do NOT allow you to edit the tax tables yourself . The program is way too complicated for the average small business user . It includes lots of pretty icons that are probably meant to distract you from the fact that it takes a week to learn how to write checks and post bills . You will not use or need 90 % of what this program can do . And God forbid you want to post to a journal other than cash receipts or disbursements . If you make a mistake , your accountant will charge you by the hour to find it and fix it .
 Intuit
 I used QB 99 for years and decided to upgrade to this mainly because we got a new computer . All I can say is trying to set up your company is a guaranteed headache . It 's very complicated , and 75 % of the time it wo n't let you do what you need to do . 90 % of the `` features '' I would never use . I 'm canning this and definitely going to search for a simpler accounting software . Did I mention the fees ? Yes , Intuit will charge you fees for just about everything under the sun , including tax tables -LRB- essential for doing payroll -RRB- , tech support , and all of their other `` services '' .
 I bought a version of Quickbooks back in 1996 that I thought worked pretty well . Sure it flashed a warning every time that said my tax tables were out of date but at least it still let me use them . I bought the new version and found it to be way more than I needed . In fact it slowed down my computer so much I upgraded that too . When I called to get the key code to transfer it over to the new computer there was no problem . When I went to do payroll I found out that none of the information had transferred over . I called customer service and was told I was only allowed one free download . I would have to pay -LSB- more money -RSB- to get the payroll information download . I felt that was unfair and the rep on the phone got pretty rude . This will be the last time I purchase any Intuit product . It is not user friendly by any means .
 The customer service for any quickbooks or intuit program is terrible . If you do not buy a 5 or 10 incident support program for $ 199 or $ 299 you have to pay $ 65 per incident or more depending on the product.They also have the right to limit calls to 1 hour per incident and will only answer one question for that call.The e-mailing invoices feature Does not work it causes the program to stop responding.I find I am not the only one with this problem ... Plus if you are planning to do payroll with this program I would think twice it could cost you between $ 200 and $ 400 per year .
 We tried it back in 1999 . The sample CD came in and we figured that the full version just had to be better . We were wrong . It is not user friendly and the support is user hostile , but we had already entered our entire inventory into it -LRB- actually we had to do it twice -RRB- , so we figured we 'd stick it out.Our computer crashed in a terminal way about a month ago , and the replacement would n't accept the 99 demo disk because it was n't compatible with the version of Windows on our new computer.I called to find out how to get Quick Books back and the answer is that I must buy Quick Books 2002 upgrade and then talk Intuit into giving me a special key code that will permit us to run it.Forget it , Quick Books Basic does n't even interface with other common software we use .
 What ? No option for no stars or negative stars ?? I have used QuickBooks for several years at the request of the accountants I work with . The updated 2002 version -LRB- I used QB99 -RRB- is , if possible , even more difficult to navigate . `` Support '' for the product is at additional cost . Online banking is three times what I pay for online banking with the major banks I use for that service and download into Quick Books is not supported by those same banks . This necessitates a great deal of additional input !!! Also , I can not email statements or files without the Online Banking at the additional cost .
 The box states `` customizable word lists . '' This borderlines on lying . You can not add your own spelling words to create a word list . You can choose from different word lists that are pre-programmed for the lessons . You can NOT edit those lists . Also , I have Windows XP . To use software I had to download a fix from the website . It took me quite a while to figure out the problem and download the patch .
 Extremely slow and no option for customizing .
 The box says it 's compatible with Windows XP , but it 's NOT!DON ' T buy this if you have Windows ...
 Bought this for my daughter and was unable to even start the program . While trying to install a noncompatable warning appeared .
 If you computer and Os is not 10 years old , do n't buy this product . It wo n't work . Works only on Windows 3.0 , 3.1 , 95 and 98 . POS !!
 Not one of the better phonic reading products . Not bad at all . Just surpassed by others .
 I am considering returning the product , if I can find another product that works better . The tool had locked up several times , forcing me to hit the power switch to reboot . The menu system does n't give you the ability to tell the user that they selected an invalid option and to try again . The custom greatings are easy to do , but you ca n't reuse them . A greeting you record for one mailbox is not selectable for another mailbox . Also , I would rate the on-line help as so-so , and Symantec 's web knowledgebase as worst than most .
 I downloaded the Talkworks program on a trial basis expecting it to compliment my WinFax program . I had been using WinFax for about two years and had an abundance of data compiled including receive logs , send logs and phonebook information . When the Talkworks download was complete the receive fax component would not work . I could receive calls and send faxes but could not receive faxes . After several frustrating hours , including a visit to the Symantec website , I tried to find a `` free '' support line that would enable me to talk to a live human being about my problem . I emailed the customer service address and was informed by return email that I could get support for $ 2.95 / minute or $ 29.95 per incident . Since I was testing the product I thought that was a bit much . I sent another email and informed customer service that if I was not allowed to talk to a service technician free that I would uninstall the product and shop elsewhere . What I did ' t know was that if I uninstalled the Talkworks software that it would also uninstall the Winfax software and lose all of my data . When I finally talked to a service technician two days later after waiting for 30 minues he informed me that my 56K-PCI fax/modem was not compatable with the Talkworks software . He also informed me that my data would be lost if I uninstalled the program . Based on my experience with the Talkworks program and the degree of difficulty relative to a service technician I would rate the program at 0 stars .
 I 've had Talk WorksPro 3.0 for a while now - even downloaded updates and info from the Symantec web site . But there are too many problems with this software . If you use TAPI -LRB- so you can use the modem from other apps -RRB- , caller ID does n't work . If you use the COM port directly , other apps ca n't use the modem . Too many people who call me get detected as `` silent '' and talkworks hangs up on them . Configuring the program is just difficult and time consuming - so many settigs to change yet ca n't get it to work properly . Talk works is n't the way to unify voice/fax and email ...
 Launch it and it just wo n't work under Win 98 . The whole computer freezes , forcing a hard reboot . Symantec makes no effort to help . Does work on my Win 95 machine , but I still highly suggest DO NOT BUY !
 This was a good product but Symantec no longer produces or supports it . It no longer works on my Pentium computer and it wo n't reinstall unless I reformat my hard drive . No , I wo n't do that . Lorraine -LRB- David 's Wife -RRB- : - -LRB-
 This is old , unsupported distro , with no updates and customer service ! My brother bought it for me , I do n't know what he was thinking buying this system . When I tried to install it , my computer screamed like it 's about to be dead . It was scary .
 I 've used TaxCut for years with no problems , but this year 's version is full of bugs . Is there anything more annoying than doing your taxes the last minute and having your tax software repeatedly crash ? I 've downloaded the latest updates , and it 's still unstable .
 I have used TurboTax for the last 4 years , and have found it simple and intuitive . TaxCut is anything but . I came up short on my state taxes this year , and had to figure out if I owed a penalty manually , and tell this sorry excuse of a program yes or no , since it could not figure it out itself . I am very irritated , and I certainly will not be buying this product next year .
 This product does not work on Windows XP - it will crash when you reach the review phase . Their technical support is of little use - all I got was the advice to re-enter the data -LRB- which did not solve the problem -RRB- and a suggestion that XP is at faulet here -LRB- if so , why do they advertise that it runs on XP ? -RRB- . In addition to inferior programming , you also face the risk of filing an inaccurate return , as the program does not fix the errors automatically - you have to do it manually -LRB- which defeats the purpose of using a computer program in the first place -RRB- . What is more , the program is an HR Block ad delivery system - you are bombarded with their ads at every step . This is the only thing this inferior piece of software does well.I returned this useless product . ...
 Use another program . Updates to the software were very difficult to download . Submitting questions to H&R Block did n't work . You can -LRB- in theory -RRB- submit your return for a Professional Review , for -LSB- a fee -RSB- . Once submitted , the only way you can view the review is through a link from the program . THE LINK WILL NOT WORK . Their tech support does n't have an answer why it does not work . I called their refund department . The agent told me that they have been so swamped with calls of a similar nature , that they cant even enter them into their system . Bad enough I need to fight the IRS for my refund , looks like I need to fight H&R Block for that refund as well ,
 This program was so hard to manuever through ! It does n't have the easy drop down to find topics as Turbotax . Each item , even though checked , has to be rechecked in order for it to electronically file . In order to fix an error , you had to go back and actually find the error yourself . Turbotax asked you if you want to fix the error and then takes you right there ! It took me four tries to file one return!I 'll never buy this again .
 I bought the Mac OS X version.This software is hideous . Do n't even condsider buying it . I took a chance since it was cheaper than TurboTax , and regret it . Incredibly buggy , irritating interface . Some obviously wrong calculations . I have n't even tried some of the other features that other reviewers complain about , but at this point I do n't need to see much more to conclude that this is hands down the worst software I have ever bought .
 This program had so many problems with it I do n't even know where to begin . The bottom line is that the customer service department is really bad . Buy TurboTax instead , the savings is not worth the headaches .
 ... of users who have used TaxCut for years , but found it to be a major problem this year.I did not have the typical problems of most people who have reviewed the product . It loaded fine , and never crashed.My problems were actual mistakes made by the software.I imported 1099 information automatically , from Fidelity . It turned short term items into long term , and vice versa . It gives you the option to delete some elements that you import , but then it does n't actually delete them.I had 2 jobs during the year and accidentally over-contributed to a 401 -LRB- k -RRB- . It detected this , and fixed it . But I received a 1099-R from Fidelity , and reported that . So I ended up double-reporting the overage , and TaxCut did n't notice.I can also report agreeing with the comments about the user interface . I do n't mind the tie-ins to H&R Block . But it 's really very confusing and inconvenient to go back and find a topic , and enter into the Interview for it.Next year , I 'll try TurboTax .
 Program actually worked OK , but then refused to save what it had done , crashed , and made me start over.The state portion of this program is pretty lame . The whole idea of buying the state portion was to let someone else do my legwork . I guess they did tell me that I might qualify for a bunch of different credits . But they did n't have information on any of them . They did n't even provide a link to the state website where I could research them for myself -- and that was especially weak , since all it took in the case of this particular state was a quick trip to Yahoo! to find the right webpage . Also , their updater worked OK for the federal portion , but froze on the state portion.Next time I 'll try a competitor 's program .
 Summary
 My taxes are pretty simple this year . I am buying my first house , and I wanted to used some software to a get a feeling for how that might change my tax situtation . I debated between TurboTax and this product . I ca n't remember why I chose this product . It is a poorly programmed product with a lot of fluff features that are not very helpful . It does not really make filing one 's taxes any easier than reading the materials that come with your tax form.The interface , like many others in this product year , has followed the model of imitating the look and feel of a web page . Few controls , wizard based , non-intuitive , amd lots of screen space devoted to images , icons , and graphics . And a reduction in user control . The interface suffers from burying function inside of wizards rather than putting them at your fingertips . It is slow , clumsy , and poorly organized.The program content is heavily loaded with multimedia snippets of basic tax information . This ranges from some somewhat informative information from sources such as Kiplinger 's to video of H&R ; Block personnel talking about VERY basic tax concepts . The kind of stuff one has already heard on the evening news . None of it specific enough to apply to an individual case.The interview style interface for the tax preparation wizard is very poor . Terms are not defined . Nor is it made clear what the implications of user choices may be . I believe one would be better off with editable . pdf versions of the IRS forms.The automatic update features are clumsy and unreliable . When I was conducting my first update , the program crashed and corrupted the existing software . I had to uninstall and reinstall.I have n't used Quicken products but I can not recommend TaxCut .
 Do n't waste your money . I have used Turbo Tax for four years and decided to try this package this year because of some minor bugs in TT the last two years . TaxCut is amateurish by comparison . Updating or modifying the entries made during the interview is difficult and awkward and may cause the program to crash . It appears the only way to review what you have entered is to call up the forms , as opposed to TT which allows you to pick up at any point along the interview . It did n't handle US Savings Bond Interest previously reported , and it would n't print the forms correctly , chopping off about 1/16 '' on the top and bottom of each form . Capital gains were a problem for it , and the help utility was n't very helpful in trying to figure out the correct way to input info so it would deal with them correctly . It did n't properly import info from last year 's TT return , even though the program said it did.I really do n't know whether to believe the results produced are accurate .
 This is the first year I have used this software and I am completely unsatisfied with the entire program . Throughout the tax preparation the program would abruptly shutdown or perform an ` illegal operation ' . Next to try to correct a mistake or update something on the return is not user friendly at all . I did update a few things such as the address to my daycare , but the program would not save the changes , so I was forced to print out the return and white out the section and write in the update . Also , when it came time to printing even more problems , the program would lock up my printer ad I was forced to shut down the system several times.I highly do not recommend this product . I have used Turbo Tax in the past , but I decided to go with this sketchy program . Yes it is cheaper than Turbo Tax , but never again I will fork out the doe and get a program that actually works and is user friendly . If I could give negative stars for the rating I would .
 Been using Taxcut Deluxe for 5 years now and found the programs interface very easy to use and stable with windows operating systems.Taxcut 2001 deluxe has the federal and state -LRB- which you must purchase or download separately -RRB- together in one program which is a plus and the interview is much easier for preparing capital gains and losses in 2001 . BUT , my problem with Taxcut 2001 Deluxe is the program is unstable with windows Me .1 - the refund and owe numbers do n't line up in the boxes at the top of the screen . 2-Taxcut would add forms or worksheets that you did not used or skipped in the interview.And this would bring up red flags in the final check section for missing information .3 - When I tried E-Filing my Fed return after going though all the step , Taxcut would not allow me to do so . The reason they stated was incorrect.I had to close the program and go though the steps again for the program to E-file my return.I 've been a loyal Taxcut user , but this year Taxcut failed.I 'm going to purchase Turbotax Deluxe and try it on my 2001 taxes.If it 's better than Taxcut , next year I 'm going to have to change my tax preperation software . Come on Taxcut , you have a whole year to get this right.I have to amend this review and lower my rating to 1 star , If amazon had zero star that would be my rating . I just found out that taxcut added my tax refund check as income . It 's non-taxable taxcut.This would give me 300 dollars more on my refund.Thanks for the work I have to do now to amend my tax return.For now on it Turbotax .
 This software is horrible . It will not , I repeat , will NOT work on Windows XP or 2000 . It works at first ok , then once you upgrade it with their online updates , it will not work anymore . Also , do n't even try to get tech support . They will tell that they know there are issues and give you some half @ $ $ answer on how to fix it , which is common sense stuff like reinstalling the software . DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE !!!!!
 Product was not user friendly . Way to many bugs . I will go back to Turbo-Tax
 My tax situation is very simple . I could easily do my taxes by hand , but since the software is cheap and I prefer eFile , I thought I 'd give TaxCut a try . I have n't been too happy.First , I had problem w / crashes . Crashing actually was n't too bad as I did n't lose any work.When it came time to eFile , it refused to send . Contacting technical support was little help . They are very slow getting back to you and do n't seem to know how to fix anything.Well , instead of messing w / tech support , I emailed my saved file to work and installed it there . The eFile went through , but I accidently had the file set to read-only . When I quit the program , it asked if I wanted to save . I click on Yes , get an error and the program closes . No save . Now when I go back into the program , it does not know about my eFile and wo n't let me check the status . As far as I can see there is nothing I can do about since the interface wo n't let you move to steps if it thinks you do n't belong there . Now I 'm going to have to run the gauntlet of tech support again . * sigh * I think I 'll try a new product next year .
 I 've used TurboTax for several years , but this year I bought TaxCut because of the free MS Money offer.This software is designed to drive you in the arms of an HR Block store . I had to manually go to the child care expenses worksheet , because it never asked during the interview . When you search help and click on ` child care credit ' , you get the help for ` child care expenses ' . THESE ARE DIFFERENT!Anyway , there is a couple of more errors or potential pitfalls I ran into after using the software for only two hours , now I have to figure out which ones I might have missed .
 I 've been using Taxcut for 4 years and with the exeption of an online-version fiasco a couple of years ago I 've been pretty happy . This year the software was buggy , the UI was misaligned and difficult , and the printouts -LRB- supporting docs , not the Actual forms -RRB- were terrible . -LRB- On a Win2k system -RRB- Add to that the fact that with the deluxe version you still have to shell out another $ -LRB- ... -RRB- to get your state program and Efile -LRB- ... -RRB- and then try and get $ -LRB- ... -RRB- back from 2 seperate rebates and it 's just NOT WORTH IT . Avoid it .
 When using this product , I had added the same dependent twice -LRB- same ssn -RRB- . I had a hard time removing the duplicate . Plus if you finish one section , the software will not allow you to go back using the back button . The software stores ' & ' as '_' . I have a benefit account plan where day care expense is removed before taxes . The system keeps stating that my employer provides the daycare , even though , I have told it differently . The system will not allow me to override this and use efile . This product needs to be better tested . The advantages to this product are the price and it has some good tax tips .
 I went through Tax Cut and answered every question honestly and truthfully , but if I had actually sent in the return it prepared for me , I would be on my way to jail!Just a sampling of the problems : -- Even though I entered that I had contributed to a ROTH -LRB- non-deductable -RRB- IRA , Tax Cut still deducted my contribution from my income . I had to fix the problem manually . If this gross error had slipped by , I would have certainly been audited and penalized . -- Tax Cut did not ask me if any of my work-related education expenses were reimbursed by my employer -LRB- some of them were -RRB- . Again , this required a manual fix , and could have resulted in more trouble from the IRS had I actually sent the erroneous return in . -- Tax Cut totally hosed up importing my capital gains info from Quicken . This took me HOURS to recalculate and enter manually . -- Even though I told Tax Cut during the interview section that I had no deductible medical expenses , it took my imported Quicken medical expenses and tried to deduct them anyway . If you still -LRB- foolishly -RRB- decide to use Tax Cut , FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT TRY TO IMPORT DATA FROM QUICKEN !!! On top of everything else , this product is loaded with advertising tie-ins to try to get you into an H&R ; Block for more business . I can not say enough bad things about this program . It is awful . It is more than a waste of money -- it may cost you thousands in penalties .
 Yes , PC magazine rated this program better than Turbo-Tax . Some of the early reviews on Amazon rate it highly . People who used the later updated version mostly had lots of problems . Evidently the on-line update adds bugs to it . I used Tax Cut for 1999 and 2000 but wo n't use it again . I could accept the little bugs and the advertisements to go to H&R Block and buy more software but the last straw was when it would n't let me e-file . My operating system is Windows 98 SE .
 I will never buy this program again !! I had major problems with several areas of this program . First , As you 're going through the input process , after you click `` Next '' on any of the screens , there 's not an hourglass , progress bar , or anything else to tell you that you are waiting -LRB- and I mean REALLY waiting -RRB- on the program . This could lead you to think you did n't really click the `` Next '' button . If you click it again , then you 've jumped two screens ahead and have to go back.Second , I used Tax Cut last year without any problems , so I imported last year 's data as the program suggests , only to find out during the final check that some of the fields do n't quite match last year 's format . I got a `` Tax Cut Exception Field 9 Is Not Numeric '' error . No explanation of what Field 9 is or where to go to correct it !! Clicking OK on this error shuts down the program completely . Trying to restart and load the existing tax file resulted in a C++ error that also shut down the program . I called Tech Support -LRB- a long distance call -RRB- and after a 20 minute hold time I talked to Marquetta who had absolutely no idea what I was talking about , or what to do about it . She had me reinstall the State version to no avail . This young lady barely had a grasp of the English language and should not be working in Tech support for anyone . The only way I got around the error was to completely start over , did n't import anything from last year and go from there . FORGET ABOUT THIS PROGRAM !! BUY TURBO TAX INSTEAD !!
 Dear Taxcut , Please refund my purchase price of taxcut . I am not satisfied with the product . The auto install of the upgrade did not work . I download manually after 45 minutes was able to install update . The program will not e-file with warnings , even though I said my W-2 was OK . It or I had problems with 401k and Roth IRA distributions . After 3 hours of work , I have to start over and went to bed at 11:30 so I was late for work . I thought I would give Taxcut a try because I 've used Tubotax for years.Going back to Turbotax . The uncluttered part of Taxcut is good , but it has to be clear and work ! The help files were too messy also .
 Used Taxcut for the second year in a row and for most part have been happy with the product , I had been Turbotax regular since the late 80 's . I ended owing money this year so waited til the last minute -LRB- 4/14/2004 -RRB- to file . That 's when the fun began . Got a notice from the IRS today that the filing of the claim was accepted but that could not access my financial institute for payment . Called Taxcut and they threw there hands up , `` We sent them your claim and they -LRB- the IRS -RRB- accepted it , we 're done . '' Taxcut was able to process their $ 14.95 processing fee , the IRS could not . Contacted my credit card company , `` no problem on this end '' . Have yet to get a hold of the IRS for there end of the story . My tact next year , file the old paper way at a cost of a stamp.In my opinion , Taxcut was gutless in trying help . Poor business practice .
 TaxCut Deluxe 2003 . In filling out the Interviews , this app stops with my 1099-MISC at Box 7 , with error requiring a code.But no where could I find a hint as to what the code may be.The app suggested I refer to an IRS Publication xxxxxx ! If I had time to get all the IRS publications , I would not need a tax software application!I decided to continue , by omitting the two 1099-MISC documents , and see what happened . Well at the end it calculated a very nice refund ... But , I went out and purchased TURBO TAX 2003 and re done the whole thing . The 1099-MISC Box 7 had no error issues , and when I completed the filing , TURBO TAX 2003 came up with a lot less refund . The two 1099-MISC 's I omitted in TaxCut 2003 totaled $ 1600 . So there is no way that would have resulted in some $ 2000 less in my refund!TaxCut Deluxe 2003 is a waste of money in my opinion .
 I purchased the Mac OS X version of Taxcut Deluxe . It is unquestionably one of the worst pieces of software I have ever owned , and I will not be purchasing anything further from the purveyors.Even the update crashes . I 've reported the crashes to H&RB lock . They asked me which version of Windows I used.The bugs are simply to numerous to mention in this short space , but if you 're looking for tax software , I recommend anything else .
 The two main reasons I purchased this software was because of cost in comparison to Turbotax and the reputable name of H&R Block . Never have I been more wrong ! I should have read the reviews here first before wasting my money . Plus , I should have known better than to go with something I 've never used before . The program would not save my updated tax forms so when I checked for errors the same errors always came up . Yes , I could have called H&R Block for assistance , but it would have cost me even more money and I felt I had spent enough already . At least I get 5 bucks back . I would n't even attempt to GIVE this program to anybody.The ONLY reason I gave it one star was because I was able to fill in the forms on my computer and print them off to send to the IRS . Plus , I downloaded itsdeductible from the internet which was extremely helpful in itemizing charitable donations . Next year I 'll buy Turbotax . I have used Quicken since 1999 and KNOW that Intuit is a reputable company .
 After using TurboTax for 2 years with minimal satisfaction , I read reviews on TaxCut and thought I 'd try it based on the favorable reviews . What a disappointment - the interview process missed a lot of opportunities to automate input , it would n't convert last year 's TurboTax files , and when I tried to e-file it failed . I could have gotten over that but the worst was upon failure the message claimed a failure reason to read below , but there was n't one . After two tries , I ended up printing my return and sending it snail mail .
 I 've been a satisfied Taxcut Deluxe user for my 1998 , 1999 , and 2000 returns . Not this year . I 've no problems with the interface , and now that I 've read a couple of reviews , I 'll probably go back and see if the errors that were pointed out -LRB- i.e. Roth IRA contribution deduction -RRB- were really there.My beef is the stablity of the updated releases , which are forced upon you when you install the State editions . After the update , doing a `` Final Check '' would crash at and after the `` 2001 Tax Rebate '' screen . I 've confirmed this from an imported return as well as entering a * blank * return with no data and stepping through all the screens.My initial phone call with tech support was acceptable -- we did the usual uninstall / reinstall , re-saving the return , making sure I had Admin rights on my machine , and running it in Win2K Safe Mode . The problem persisted , and he said he was going to escalate this to engineering.I received a message from another tech support person -LRB- the escalation guy ? -RRB- about 2 days later , who called to troubleshoot this problem with me . I called back a day later , and was greeted by yet another tech support person , who did not take the time to read through my problem log -LRB- CRM evidently ca n't overcome ineptitude -RRB- , and took it upon himself to try to solve the problem with me . Here 's a good solution
 I bought this software to use for e-filing Federal & state taxes . I recently moved to California and had to file for 2 states as part-time resident . I thoroughly read the specifications , and all information indicated I could do several states if I bought 2 state software packages . No problem , right ? WRONG ! Tax Cut state does not allow state e-filing for part-time residents , but it does not say so anywhere ! I am writing to HR Block to get a refund , I am not satisfied . After trying to use the software , I ended up printing forms from the state 's website and filing via paper forms .
 I have been using TurboTax since it first became available . But this year I decided not to use it due to its forcefull installation of Internet explorer 5.5 and the problems that this can create in your system -LRB- up to total system failure -RRB- . I went ahead and bought TaxCut Deluxe . After spending two days completing the interview process , when I 'm finally done I click next and the program crashes . Luckily I have Windows 2000 and it intercepts the crash of the software and it even provides you with a log file with the exact reason the software crashed . After emails with their customer support and phone calls -LRB- pretty good support -RRB- , they acknowledged they had a problem and that they do n't have a solution . I was told to ask for a refund . But who will refund me for my time ??? Nevertheless , when compared to the customer service of other companies -LRB- i.e. Pinnacle -RRB- it was really great .
 Totally useless . I intalled it for my 4 year old , and got him all excited about it . But everytime I start the program , at some random point the game stalls and disappears off the screen . `` Why did it click Daddy ? '' All I can do is start the application again and again and again . A total waste of time .
 Ca n't import drum machines from keyboards . When choosing a drum map close to what I have , it wo n't go out my sound card . Only midi and Roland soft synths , forcing you to use their synths and hours of editing . When recording via midi , the songs play very slowly forcing you to reload the program . When recording midi , some tracks notes take on a mind of their own needing time consuming editing . TT-1 has some nice sounds and notation features but I wish it had where I can choose a series on notes and change the length and velocity of just one section in a track instead of the whole track . When altering notes in an existing drum map to match my keyboard , no sound came out . Sometimes when playing back a song , the volume and instruments will default to a certain setting causing you to record a new track and reload . This is a good starter kit and has many limitations but I guess that 's with all non full versions of software .
 I bought this from Amazon and the audio was a real problem for us . We could n't figure out how to get sound through the speakers . Also , the recording feature would not work at all , it kept dropping out . My son got another one ; The old 2002 version -LRB- XP -RRB- which runs perfect on his Gateway computer that runs Vista . I would hesitate buying this version !
 I am a CPA who previously prepared 1040 's , but now prepare only 1120 's . I bought the 2000 version of this software simply to help me crunch numbers for my own return . I know tax law and figured Tax Cut could do the math for me.The software was infuriating . My needs were n't very exotic , but I nevertheless found the package difficult to navigate . The tax `` assistance '' offered bordered on malpractice . I ended up having to hard code some entries just to make it work.Run from this package ! You 'll be happier buying a pencil and doing it yourself !
 I have used Taxcut at least 6 years now . I used Turbo Tax Deluxe once between tax years and returned back to Taxcut because it was a better price . This year I was ripped off . I should have gone with Turbo Tax . Not only did the software crash on XP , but it crashed at the end of my `` Interview '' of entering in all my information . Locked up every time I got to this point . There were also a few points along the way where data was lost for charitable contributions and a couple of other worksheets . In all I think I had at least 4 quirks to work around in the software . I did eventually figure out the lockup problem and got my taxes finished . Then after downloading the CA State and e-filing I spent another $ 45 . I could have paid a tax guy to just do all my taxes in the long run . Taxcut will never get my business again . I am going to Turbotax next year .
 I do not do this too often , I usually try to remain positive . At this moment I am looking at my tax return that was returned to me by the IRS . I should have known that there might have been something wrong when the program asked me to find specific answers to my questions on the IRS web site . I use tax programs to help me file , given that I do not know all the current tax laws , I did not expect the program to ask me to find the answers to my own questions.Taxcut took me twice as long to file then when I use Turbo Tax . Errors were hard to correct and manual corrections would void your ability to file electronicaly . A full day went into preparing my taxes and now I will have to spend another day redoing my taxes with Turbo Tax . I do not think I will ever use Taxcut again.I would like to close this review on a positive note , but I can only say that I am positive that I will not use H&R 's products again .
 I used TaxCut for 2000 and had no problems , so I bought it again for 2001 and I have had nothing but problems with this year 's program , I had to redo my taxes at least six or seven times because the program will not correct mistakes by the interview process -- and if you try to manually correct a mistake on the form , it warns you that you will NOT be allowed to e-file if you do that . The problem turned out to be `` user error '' but I interpret that as NOT `` user friendly . '' The instructions were very vague and hard to understand . I finally had to complete my taxes on a paper form 1040 using the IRS 's easy to understand instructions and then I was able to transfer that information into the program . In addition , the program also refused to allow me to e-file , stating that I was required by my state to file my state return electronically at the same time I filed my federal return -LRB- definitely NOT true ! -RRB- , and that I had to go back & purchase their state software program in order to complete that section . I had downloaded their update yesterday using the `` update '' button provided at the beginning of the interview -- however , when the program repeatedly refused to allow me to e-file until I bought their state program I realized that there had to be an error in their software . So I downloaded an update today using the `` tools '' button at the top of the screen - this time it was definitely a MUCH larger download and once the download was complete , the program finally allowed me to file !! What should have been a simple process took me two days and a LOT of aggravation to complete . Next year I 'm getting TurboTax !
 The program crashed all the time . Tech support was a joke . I tried the product on several computers and set it up different a couple of time . Same results everytime , it crashed . Spend the extra 5 bucks and buy turbo Tax . I still ca n't beleive I bought this garbage , never again .
 Found it difficut to follow and the first time through some entries were not correct and on the wrong lines . After going back several times and very carefully checking the return is correct I hope . It would have been much easier to have made the entries on the 1040 Forms .
 This software was pathetic at best . It made assumptions about certain forms and even tried to charge me self-employment Tax on almost $ 5000 ! Good luck if you need to go back and make changes . . If you do you 'll find yourself having to manually choose forms and fill them out without a walk through or any worthwhile help.I hope I do n't get audited !!
 The product should not be released to the consumer . I found sections in the application that said it was for testing purposes only and would be removed before production . Live update reports that I have the latest version . In addition , I get abnormal termination errors . My system is very well maintained and I do NOT get errors with any other applications.Would you thrust your taxes to such an application ?
 Just a mess of gismos with minimal logic and too few quality features . Midi systems did not interface easily or as expected . Never did get around to my audio interface ... frustrated . The help files seemed like they were written for some other program ; probably put together by people who assume we understand the program as well as they do . The only good thing I can say about this waste of money is it convinced me to upgrade my Ableton software to the full version of Live 7 . Yikes !
 I have used Cakewalk for years - my most recent product prior to Home Studio was Sonar 5.0 Producer Edition which I use for Audio recording and mixing . We have n't used MIDI . I bought Home Studio for two reasons
 I have the Cakewalk Music Creator software and thought I 'd `` upgrade '' to the Sonar 6 XL . What a mistake ! The Music Creator program works just fine , while the Sonar 6 XL has fancy bells and whistles it 's much harder to access the elements that make my Music Creator program -LRB- bought in 2003 -RRB- so intuitive and easy to use . As with most software made these days the manual and online tutorials are convoluted and not at all user friendly . I uninstalled the Sonar 6 XL after several frustraing hours trying to get a handle on the program , and I am glad to be rid of it . I am not a Luddite by any means . But I have no use for `` upgrades '' that provide only frustration and no results when the older version of the software was just fine .
 Before you buy any Garmin maps for your GPS unit on Amazon , I suggest that you check the Garmin site for the latest version . Amazon has many outdated versions of Garmin software for sale , including this one , which was discontinued by Garmin over 2 years ago .
 I 'd love to review this product , except that I never received it . When the deadline passed , I sent an email to the seller to say that if it was in transit , I would be refusing it , I received no response . I wonder if this seller even exists .
 Hi , Very interesting about office/word 2002 . We just installed XP and I ca n't print from Word now . No problems with anything else just office 97 and I installed the drivers ? So is there any word or office system that will work ? I need to study Excel for a job ? Software user in Seattle , WA . THanks !
 I am a CIO and a writer , and a heavy user of MS-Word . When I upgraded to XP , I began having quirky problems with Word , so I decided to upgrade to Works 2002 . Bad decision on my part . Now I have even more problems than before . On Word
 Microsoft Word is a very good word processor , but if you use to work with macros , I strongly advise against upgrade to Word 2002 . This version of the most famous word processor seems to be a step back instead forward . At least my experience with it says so.In older versions of Word you are able to record macros by performing a sequence of actions . In Word 2002 you can do the same , but with one important difference
 Just ordered and installed Microsoft Office Suite 2002 recently and there are NO word processing programs at all even though it is advertised to include Microsoft Word . Word could not be installed . An error message was transmitted to Microsoft and they have not responded after several days . I do NOT recommend this product and would give it ZERO stars if I could rate it that low . The Works and Streets/Trips work ok , but I can not type a letter or do any word processing due to yet another glitch Microsoft is famous for . I have not tried the Picture It or Money 2002 and do n't know that I want to at this point . Thanks , but no thanks , Bill Gates . I 'm going to see if I can return this defective software because I need the Word software for word processing . I hope Egghead/Amazon has a good return policy .
 This came pre-installed on my computer , so I gave it a shot . I was sorely disappointed . As a college student , I use spreadsheet and word processors quite frequently . I found that Word 2002 was cumbersome , ugly , and not as simple to use as previous editions -LRB- Word '97 was the best -RRB- ; and the spreadsheet was hard to manipulate and often did not operate the way I wanted it to . Making a graph with the proper axes proved quite difficult . To top this all off , this comes with Money 2002 , Streets and Trips , and Picture It ! Photo ... features I doubt I 'll ever use . In fact , Encarta may be the only program I might use in the near future . For all others , I 'm sticking to Lotus Smart Suite .
 This program seems to depend on components in IE5 .5 . I had IE5 .5 already installed , but Picture It still did not seem to install correctly , yielding multiple scripting errors every time I launched the program or tried to access the `` Start page '' . The Readme file was unhelpful . As the first reviewer indicated , the installer does not allow you to reinstall on top of an existing installation -LRB- ! -RRB- but I did resort to uninstalling and reinstalling . I also reinstalled IE . No luck .
 This program is difficult to use with Windows 98 . Freezes , crashes and error messages are not uncommon . I spent an hour and a half on the phone with the Microsoft Help desk , and even they could n't get the program running . The Help Desk admitted to me other users have had problems . There is some inherent coding glitch . While the graphics are beautiful , it just was n't worthe the money or the effort .
 This program crashed every time I clicked on `` close '' for a picture or `` home '' . Eventually I could not get `` Home '' so was barred from `` Get a Picture '' . The CD would not permit a reinstallso that ended any further tries .
 Using win2k pro operating system . Program will load ok , but trying to use it is hopeless , when trying to access clip art it asks for alternating CD 's -LRB- the ones with clipart on them -RRB- but never recognizing either.Importing photos it just crashes with runtime errors . It didnt even load with ME or 98 either except once , when it slowed the computer to 286 speed -LRB- remember those -RRB- . Cant get money back from supplier so 32 in Mr Gates 's pocket !!
 This program has issues . As I 'm not a computer programmer , but have install many applications on to my desk top . Picture it software , will not install correctly . On my initially installation , when trying to launch the program , I too receive error after error . I proceeded to uninstall and reinstall and no luck . I was really excited about this program , because of the Newsletter application . However , instead disappointed that I was not able to use the software . To those of you who research 1st , and buy 2nd , stay away from MicroSoft Picture IT .
 This program stopped working while I was using it one day . After several tries of trying to fix the problem on my own I decided to delete the program and start over . To my surprise , the computer said that there was an error , and I could not delete the program . I called the help desk , and the lady at the other end of the phone said that if I had the 2002 version , they COULD NOT HELP ME ! The lady said the program was corrupt , and they no longer have anything to do with the program . They refused to speak to me anymore , and no matter how much I tried to get her help , she refused to help me delete the program . I ended the phone call in tears , and refuse to buy another picture it program again .
 There are two problems with this program . It either does n't install or it does n't run . Either way it 's a complete waste of money . I 've had three different installation discs -LRB- none of them worked -RRB- and I 've tried installing the program on two very high spec machines . I have Picture it 2000 -LRB- came with works suite -RRB- . The 2000 version is excellent . The 2002 version is junk .
 What a bunch of $ & % @ this thing is . I have a high end gaming system -LRB- 1.2 P4 , 512 ram , 64meg video card etc. -RRB- so I know it was not my system , but every time I use this program it freezes . This is a fresh install of Win 98se . Nothing else freezes except PictureIT . I have no idea what they were thinking what they designed this program , they make what is the most simplest processes in other imaging programs and turn them in to 12 steps . So bloody frustrating . I almost never buy the cheapest program but I thought to myself `` Well everyone seems to like it , I 'll give it a go . '' , boy was I wrong . Anyone want to buy a used copy of PictureIT ?
 M$ have outdone themselves this time . The program appears to be written in Flash 5 and runs out of your browser . That should be the first worry , secondly it crashes about every 5 to 10 minutes on a regular basis . In fact , I 've never even finished a project on it , and nor do I want to . Good job I won it in a competition , otherwise I 'd be straight up to Redmond to demand my money back . The software is written for the 5 to 10 year old intellect , so anyone serious about design , then please stay away . Consider something from Adobe - save your soul.As mentioned before , if you are running Windows 2000 then you are going to have all kind of problems.The software also installs lots of extra things you do n't want like a calendar , then attempts to connect over the web to ` update ' itself ... . Keep that firewall handy.Don ' t let the 250k icons draw you in , there is nothing there you can not get off the web for free anyway .
 I have always been a user of Microsoft Picture Series software , until now . I purchased this newest release and to my dismay discovered it will not work correctly if you have a Lexmark X83 Printer . My previous 2001 version worked great . Only certain things on this new 2002 version will work with the Lexmark X83 . Printing an Envelope will not work . It only allows you to print from the middle of the printer and any Lexmark X83 owner knows this is n't possible without running into a serious envelope jam with your printer . All of the other options on Picture IT ! are blocked out . Microsoft says , it only supports certain printers . Then they said , they would say I had a printer problem ? Funny , I uninstalled Picture IT 2002 , and re-installed the 2001 version and everything worked perfect again . Seems like microsoft is delibrately leaving drivers out or hardware support is seriously lacking . Anyway , do n't waste your money if you are a Lexmark owner . When I looked into Regedit , I noticed Picture IT 2002 supports very few Lexmark Printers . Only Z42 , Z43 , Z11 , Z12 , and Z51 . Do n't waste your money if you have any of the X series . Microsoft is seriously ripping people off on this version of Picture IT 2002 !
 The rating of one star is only because there is no ZERO !! Garbage In , Garbage Out , the credo of computer geeks , also applies to software . MS `` PICTURE IT ! PUBLISHING PLATINUM '' is GARBAGE . The software simply does not perform . It crashes frequently , the tools are not intuitive , there is no user manual and the help library leaves somewhat to be desired . Do not depend on this product to get the job done , particularly if you are new to publishing an amature WEB site . This software is not reliable when running with Windows-98 on a 800 MHz 40-GB Dell Dimension-Plus . Microsoft is correct when stating that a lot of work is needed in software development and reliability . This product proves the point . Perhaps a change in the product Name should also be considered .
 Just a disgrace ! Microsoft should give you a free computer just to use this Microsoft Advertisement thinly masked as software.It 's funny MS thinks it 's OK to put what amount to banner ads on the main screen . Special offers and other MS Advertisements dominate every click.This is worse than junk . It 's a disgrace . Let 's all pray the future direction of software addresses the needs of the end user , not the software vendor .
 I have been using Adobe Photoshop 3.0 for about a year . However , I have been searching for a new photo editing program due to the extremely cumbersome process for saving files in the JPEG format in Adobe . I bought Picture It expecting the same quality of editing tools and an easier loading/saving interface . Unfortunately , the editing tools in Picture It do n't come even close to Adobe 's . I was not able to produce a number of detail corrections that I can perform with ease in Adobe 's program . Thus , I will keep searching for a program that can meld ease-of-use with quality editing tools.The one good thing about the Picture It is it comes with a 30 day money back guaranty , the one feature I will be using .
 I wish I had read these reviews before I bought Picture It . It would have saved A LOT of frustration . I thought it was just me or my computer . I have had almost every problem mentioned by the other reviewers . I bought it based upon the name Microsoft . Silly me ! This program is a piece of junk . Things crash for no reason . Things lock up . It takes forever to do anything . Little documentation or instructions . It is NOT intuitive . My old computer works great without it - I found after I bought a new computer and downloaded it off of the old one . Thank goodness I did not put it on the new one . Try Adobe Elements and forget this thing .
 There is another problem that I do not see mentioned here.All of the images that were included under Arttoday.com , are pretty much useless . CD # 5 by the way . All of the images are thumbnails and therefore are not able to be enlarged . There is a 3 month membership to Arttoday included , but one would be tempted to replace the images that should already be included . I contacted Arttoday and Microsoft to see if I could get usable pictures but to no avail.I did n't have as many problems that a lot of the other users had -LRB- I have XP , 256RAM , Epson Printer -RRB- but I did have a lot of crashes and green boxes . So I did return the program after speaking to Microsoft online , who was very helpful by the way . Arttoday seemed annoyed that I even asked for a repair ofwhat I had already paid for.I would have liked to have kept the program , for there were a lot of other nice images since I am a novice , but it was frustrating locating an image and then finding out I could n't use it .
 Thank you to all who wrote advice on this product . I have been trying to decide on Picture It or Photoshop . After reading all the comments I know for sure I will not be getting Picture It . I was looking for cheapest but I will pay the extra for Photoshop . I guess it 's true when they say you get what you pay for.Thanks Again .
 I bought this product based on excellent reviews I read in trade publications . Unfortunately , in a Windows 2000 or Windows NT operating environment , this program only runs when the user is logged on as Administrator . That means that , unless you are willing to give every member of your family all administrative privileges , which is dangerous , the program is useless . I called Microsoft technical support , and was told that `` we have received this complaint from others , too . '' Their only suggestion was that I upgrade my OS to Windows XP . I am returning the product to Microsoft .
 My wife got this for the good collection of art and projects . It 's pretty easy to use ... EXCEPT FOR THE CONSTANT CRASHES . Thisa memory-hog program is so buggy you can hardly complete a project without crashing/restarting your machine . Those of you who want to do print quality work beware , and remember to close EVERYTHING else before using it . Check some reviews on this and other versions - you 'll see what I mean . It 's not just me complaining . I do tech and hardware support for users all the time and this is Typical Microsoft Method to issue software full of bugs then expect folks to live with it .
 Microsoft Picture It ! Publishing Platinum 2002 looks promising , but we probably wo n't find out as we hardly ever finish anything using it without a crash . I have gone to Micrsoft 's own newsgroups , and followed their advice and it still crashes . Belive it or not their stock answer seems to be that the problem lies with your computer , or your software . I do n't expect any support from MS on this , they treat it like orphan-ware . Buyer beware , it may work on your system , but MS says it does n't like HP printers , Norton Antivirus , and sunny days -LRB- ha Ha -RRB- .
 I had Picture It 2001 & never had a problem so I thought I would upgrade . What a mistake ! It locks up , crashes , will not print my envelopes so on & so forth . I contacted support about the envelope problem & was told that there were issues with some printers . They tried to help but if you do not answer them within a day or two they take you off the list . I do n't understand the printer issue , I did not change printers just software , it worked on the 2001 version which I think I will re-install .
 I agree with much of what other reviewers had written on Picture It , yet I can get it to work more than what they could . It does not produce what the product claims it does . It 's slow and does not have as much editing tools such as Print Shop or Photo Deluxe has . Better to save your money and buy Photo Deluxe especially if you are working with photos .
 I was extremely disappointed with this software . Although it works fine for photo editing and creating greeting cards I have spent many hours trying to get a envelope to print correctly . No matter how I put the envelope in the printer it just never comes out right . I 'm either missing part of the picture or the text or it 's not centered , etc. . I 've even contacted Lexmark because at first I thought it was my printer . But it definitely is NOT my printer but the software .
 I bought Picture It and then recieved a discounted offer to up-grade my new PC to Windows XP . There is n't anything Picture It can do that Windows XP does . Most of the picture editting , file transfer , clip art , and web-publishing items are available as part of XP or on the Web for free . I had to go to the Microsoft Picture It upgrade site to make it compatible with my XP and assumed the XP version would have some features not available on XP , it doesnt . Save your money and upgrade to XP , but that is another story as you have to upgrade most of your drivers ...
 This product does not work . After installing it on an XP Pro system , I found that it is not able to create greeting cards . Instead of displaying the greeting card graphics shown in the thumbnail previews , the actual card fills with large green boxes.I called Microsoft , and the technician indicated that this is a KNOWN problem and there is no fix . ...
 This software is a joke . If you enjoy touching up your photos , dont buy this !! Everywhere you try to paint , or touch up , it leaves a white ring around the color ! You cant even use it . This software is definately a LEMON !! Dont waste your money .
 The software promises a lot but does n't come close to delivering . I had lots of problems with it . For example , it is not configured for ease of use . It took me about 30 minutes to configure a # 10 STANDARD envelope . This was really irritating because I have a new STANDARD HP color printer with which I 've never had a problem , until now . In my mind there should be no configuration needed for a STANDARD anything . The idea is that when you have the design you want , you should be able to click on STANDARD envelope size and have it print . Not so with this program . Additionally , the program 's promise to run on 32 MB of memory is a fallacy . I have the standard 64 MB and this program wo n't run concurrently with other programs . It crashed my system several times and I got lots of error messages throughout the program . Prior to this , my system was running fine . And if Microsoft thinks I 'm going to call their long distance support for help , they are crazy . This irked me so much that I 'm no longer a loyal Microsoft user . I 'm returning the product and I 'll shop around for another product that actually works .
 This is the third generation of PictureIt ! Publishing Platinum program I used . Indeed , the 2002 version much easier and faster to install , it has more clipart and templates for art projects ... but that 's all.When you start to use it you find the database is corrupted , and a list of problems makes your time a nightmare working with the program from photo editing to printing.Bottom line
 Typical of Microsoft this product offers no basic information for the novice digital photographer . The format is poor . Trying to find information to even begin to use the product is impossible . A very frustrating product that I would n't recommend . This is a VERY POOR PRODUCT . STAY AWAY !
 Will not work on my Windows 98 SE computer but does fine with my laptop ME installed . Why ca n't Microsoft design products that work on all their systems ?? A wise man once said Microsoft Works HA !!!
 I bought this with the understanding this software did everything and all I can do is cards I dont like it at all what can I do about this . I wanted to do calendars monthly for work schedules and It doesnt work NOT HAPPY WITH THIS AT ALL
 I ordered Microsoft Greetings and received Microsoft Greetings 2001 on Christmas . Be very careful ordering from this site . I wanted a new Microsoft Greetings 2002 and received an the old Microsoft Greetings 2001 and paid almost $ 50 including delivery even though it says starting price $ 19.95 . Have not received an email as to how they plan to correct a very bad mistake and will not get here before Christmas and who will pay for the shipping .
 This program has extremely limited capabilities , as other reviewers have noted . Microsoft Picture It Publishing Platinum 2002 is a much better choice .
 Like all Microsoft programs they think you have to use their network . Why a screen of specials just write a good basic program that does cards and leave the rest out .
 I have been a fatihful user of the Microsoft Greeting Card programs , but with each new edition they do less and are less user friendly . If you just want to make cards ... and nothing else . This program will suit you fine . However , if you are interested in creating not just cards , but posters , business cards , wrapping paper , certificates , etc. , then check outAmerican Greetings Creatacard program - it has much more to offer for your money .
 I 've been using this for a couple of weeks now . Like everything about it , but make sure you save at every step . You still may have problems , but at least you stand a chance to recover . I have yet to get all the way through printing a card without it crashing at least once . Sometimes it corrupts the file you were working on , so even if you DID save it , it may or may not be recoverable.The interface is nice and all , but it 's very frustration to take an hour to make a card that SHOULD have taken 5 minutes .
 Sure you can create greeting cards , but what if you want to create business cards , labels , T-shirts , flyers , or stationary ? Nada , does not exist , although most other programs have these features standard . This program is junk . I suggest American Greetings Plantinum 5 or 6 . . A much better program . Microsoft just does not get it .
 I was using the Hallmark Greetings Workshop byMicrosoft but lost the CD-rom . I decided to buythis product and have been so unhappy that I hadto purchase Hallmark Card Studio . MS Greetingsis very difficult to use and has much fewer clip artselections , background choices , and color options.I strongly suggest spending a little extra for theHallmark product .
 I wish I could return this product - the choices are very minimal , and even re-sizing objects is unsuccessful because you can see the pixels . There are 13 cards to choose from under the category `` family '' . Please !
 I have Microsoft Greetings Workshop ver 2 , and Greetings 2000 , and they are both better that this product . I still use my Microsoft Greetings 2000 , and threw away the 2002 ...
 I was attracted to this software by all the great features so I purchased it . Then I found out some of the limitations . * You can not print hi-res projects . By default , MS converts all pictures to the lowest res in the project . -LRB- ie when you use a background -RRB- No cure for it MS just says live with it ! * Compatability with printers . Must download multiple patches * Software crashes . There is really no feeling like working an hour on a project only to have the software crash and kill your saved copies ! I easily spend 30-40 % of my time troubleshooting!It does have some nice features if you can get through all the other stuff though . I 'm switching over to another software .
 I wish I 'd read these reviews before I bought the software . It 's not very user-friendly , to begin with , but my biggest complaint is that files keep getting corrupted . I created a 4-page newsletter for my club and when I tried to edit the document later , I got an error message and the program ditched . Apparently , the file was corrupted . This happened on several occasions , and I ca n't even get my document done . I 'm going to have to buy something else to finish it . I hate this program .
 I do not highly recommend this software . It was easy to install , but that 's about the only good thing about it . Ever since I have installed this software , I get error messages EVERY single time I go into it to use it . If you download 5 pictures and want to crop , etc. in PICTURE IT ! , the program can barely hold all the photos at once without running out of memory . And forget about attempting to crop all photos in succession . The program will ALWAYS shut down on you and you will end up re-booting your computer a million times before you are done . Also , most of the graphics for this software are not downloaded with the initial program , so everytime you want to do a project with one of the PICTURE IT ! images , you have to insert one of the CD roms just to get the picture . A hassle all around . I 'm shopping around for better picture software right now ...
 The program has a lot of ideas and graphics to choose from . However , if you intend to send out Christmas Cards , start in early July because there are so so many kinks . You lose access to projects that you created . It shuts down in the middle of creation . It slows your entire computer system down . Picture allows me to create the things I like , but it has been a real hassle . I suggest trying something else -- not Printmaster 16 either .
 Microsoft Picture It ! 2002 is a program I 'm ashamed to own . Why MS developed this software so poorly is beyond me . The installation was quick and easy , but once using the software you 'll see why many are turned away . There are A LOT of bugs and errors throught the program . It keeps freezing up . The selection of card designs are ridiculous . I do not recommend anyone to purchase this product . If Microsoft wants to develop good photo editing software then they should learn some lessons from Adobe and Ulead .
 Just will not work on my Windows 98 SE does fine on my laptop that has ME installed . I also purchased Microsoft Greetings V. 2002 same problem . These guys at Microsoft are not very good designers .
 MS Publisher is marginal software , but the `` Picture It '' addition ? It is bad software . It is full of bugs , will not run with out causing Kernel 32 errors . Check out the newsgroups for this product before you purchase it . There are just too many problems with it and MS should not have released it . . It is no where near to being first rev Beta software . I wished I had reviewed the facts before buying it , I was screwed , save yourself the bucks.Roger Jensen
 i have allways loved microsoft publisher.the minute the new version comes out i buy itin this case i wish that i had waited . . first . it overwrites all of my other versions work.now i have to begin again . with my business cards , etc.its hard to imput clipart into . . -LRB- impossible -RRB- it hard to work around and I have used publisherfrom the beginning . . full of things that just do n't workits almost impossible to be creative with this version.this is a no go . . do n't buy this one . . save your money and buy publisher 2000 . . that is a greatone ... i 'm going back to it ...
 I bought PictureIt ! for two reasons . I wanted the ability to categorize my photos and the ability to do simple photo editing . This software does neither task very well.Organizing my photographs was a slow and difficult process . Adding a single picture to the gallery takes 5 steps . I would expect a folder `` windows-style '' approach where I could add pictures to different folders and then add meta-data about the folder . Not only is organizing pictures with this software both counter-intuitive and time consuming , but after I had added pictures to a gallery and saved , when I returned to the same gallery my pictures were no longer there . In other words , the gallery did n't retain what I had put into it.The photo-editing part of PictureIt ! , is simplistic , but so much so that editing is a very imprecise affair . There are easy buttons for reducing snow or scratches , for example , but it is very difficult to navigate precisely using the zoom feature , so that `` real '' editing is hard to do . I still have PhotoShop4 .0 somewhere so I will go back to it . My guess is that Microsoft intended this to be THE picture tool for the new digital camera enthusiast . Unfortunately in the process of letting human factors make this simple to use , they also made it counter-intuitive and overly complicated for doing simple things . They need a better human factors group to design this product.I am hoping that PictureIt ! = ReturnIt ! . If not my advices is PictureIt ! = DontBuyIt !
 I used Microsoft Picture It for 2 years , and recently purchased Adobe Photoshop Elements . There 's no comparison ! I wish I had switched to Elements a long time ago . Picture It downfalls include : - Poor quality JPG images - A memory leak that that caused the Picture-It to slow down with each file save , with the delay becoming several minutes after about 5 file saves . - Painfully slow when displaying thumbnail images when choosing a new file.I purchased Adobe Elements for about ... a month ago . What a difference ! The program loads files faster , performs modifications faster , has many more special effects filters , and does n't slow down with each file save . Thank you , Adobe ! Good bye , Microsoft !
 This software prevents the downloading of your digital pictures to your desk top . I found this extremely annoying . Apprently , this program only lets you download intial photos into the program which locks you into '' Picture It '' . If you need to keep your photos into a seperate desktop file , you would be in a distinct disadvantage . On the positive side , it is extremely easy to format 8X10 's in this program .
 This is the worst product I EVER ordered from MS !! I give it one star only because this format wo n't allow me to give it a ZERO ! It rewrites my harddrive every time I try to install ... it tells me I must have the newsest version of Internet Explorer ... WHY ... it 's a photo editing program !! Not a webbrowser ! I have purchased two different versions of this ... at Best Buy ... which I might add will not take it back !! NICE POLICY ... . I am a 54 year old woman who does not pirate software ! I just want somethng that works as well as the old version ... which was 2000 and somehow disappeared from my computer ... and WHY does MS feel it is necessary to tack on IE to a photo editing program ??? Please let me know if anyone else has experienced these problems . . I loved the old version and wish I could replace it !
 This software program makes the incredibly easy seem so difficult . It takes 4 or 5 steps to save pictures to the gallery -LRB- or at least I thought ... my pictures were not there the next time I checked -RRB- . The software has given me lots of trouble recognizing my digital camera . It is cumbersome in every aspect . Thank goodness Microsoft offers a 30 day money back guaranty on thier products ...
 In candor ... This program does the same three things that every ... photo program does , except it costs more ... Anyone seriously considering it should look long and hard at _ Photoshop Elements _ first . The difference in price is small ; the difference in function is spectacular . I wish someone had told me this before I wasted my money on this dog .
 I am disappointed because
 This program is very slow -LRB- so slow that any serious photo applications are un-doable -RRB- . If you just want to print your photo with a fancy border around it or print a calendar it is OK . But do not try to print multiple photos to a sheet - you can easly spend more than an hour to accomplish it . The program acts as if it is the boss of the world - for example it makes it very difficult to do something as simple as shutting it down when you are tired of waiting and want to quit in frustration -RRB- . It is useless for anything but the simplest printing of photos .
 I am so frustrated with this product !!! I have spent approximately 6 hours today to get this **** software to print a photo on a card ... it is barely acceptable and it was so hard to get it to that point . Very little instruction/advice assuming that there is a better way to do this . I am looking for another product to do some simple photo publishing .
 I am just about to return this application . The printed guide is only a few pages long and of little help and the cd tutorial sucks . I got this product to make a floor plan for a remodeling . I have some CAD experience with electronic layouts and I spent 2 hours on this thing and could n't figure out how to use any time-saving short cuts or handy tools . I would have spent the same amount of time drawing by hand.This may be a great program once you learn how to use it , however , its not `` The Fastest , Easiest Way to Design ! '' .
 I just got this and tried to get support for it . Guess what , it 's to old . It also is not the easiest to use , I have since went back to an old AutoCAD program I have . That is much easier and more defined . I design and build my own furniture , not with this program . I have taken it off my system and just consider it a lesson learned , `` no more cheap programs , if I want them to work '' .
 I tried on two separate XP computers to install this thing , and both where no-go . I have NEVER had a problem installing ANY software on an XP system -- even 90 % of ancient pure DOS software . This is junk software programming at its worst . Avoid if you have a computer newer than six years old ! -LRB- BTW , all the files that I can see on the CD are from 1999 or before , so this program would n't have very current information anyway . -RRB-
 I should have looked further into how old this book was . Too old , too outdated.Can ' t really use it . I was disappointed .
 Does anyone use this product to build or manage a website ? Let me hear about it from non-IBMers . Even the sample did n't work for me . Not for nervous users like me . Online docs seem to indicate it needs WebSphere Application Server and DB2 . Beware of System requirements ! Is there any hardcopy book ?
 First the good part - if you invest in Websphere Studio , Websphere App Server , UDB , Visual Age Java , and you are an accomplished Web professional , then you 've got a complete environment for development and production . Throw in IBM 's San Francisco and you 've got half the work of creating a high-tech site done for you . Now the bad part - if you are not comfortable setting up app servers and SSL then you 're not likely to be able to do this alone . While IBM is certainly available to help you implement a Websphere solution -LRB- for a fee ! -RRB- , a project on the Websphere platform is definitely not for the faint of heart . As for me , my company purchased the Websphere Suite 6 months ago and I just got the servers running reliably . I 'm not looking forward to doing development on this platform .
 I am a professional marketing manager , and this product was a great disappointment . We purchased it because of the great reviews , but I found it to be very cumbersome . The entire program is created in some sort of Web design software , and your documents are formatted in HTML . If you do not like the plain-jane layout that it offers you , YOU MUST GO IN AND EDIT THE HTML CODE to change it . In addition , the entire program was designed around marketing PRODUCTS so if you have a service based industry , or combination , you will spend great amounts of time deleting and adding categories . I finally gave up on the program and transferred everything over to Word . The only thing good about this software is the samples it provides , which I could have obtained free from a textbook . I wish I had my money back .
 The only real advantage to using Visual Age for Java is its support for team development . Compared to most environments , this IDE is simply behind the times ... The some of the good features are that many people can work on the same class at the same time without any problems , it gives you one function -LRB- not one class file -RRB- to work on at a time . Integrated JAVADOC and quick and easy formatting.Some of the bad things are that the IDE does not assist the developer with things that people have come to expect , like drop down lists and the Navigation is very difficult at best!Overall ... . If you have to work in a team , this is something you might want to look into , if not , most other IDE 's are better .
 You know the theory . Heads up programming will replace heads down programming . Everybody will use beans at design time . Guess what ? Its another science project with more hype than reality . After 4 days of fiddling , I finally got an Visual age to author a bean that adds two numbers . Another fine productivity breakthrough . The visual age product only shows one method/property at a time in the IDE . What were they thinking ? This is probably the worse IDE I have ever tried ... And I have evaluated * MANY * of them .
 I agree with everything the other reviewers have said about this game 's good points , but it has one HUGE issue ... this game is REALLY short . My 4-year-old son finished it in less than an hour on Christmas Day . That 's it ? He enjoyed it enough to play it over again several times , but I felt cheated . The pictures you see on the box are pretty much the entire game . I think there are less than 20 areas , some of which only take a couple of minutes to get through . As good as the game is , it hardly seems worth the money . I suggest going to the Big Idea website for some FREE Veggie Tales games instead . My son still spends more time on that website than on this game .
 I wanted to like this software . I think very highly of the Blue 's Clues franchise and the products they usually put out , but this game has been a nightmare.We are running this on a PowerMac G4 with OS 8.6 and 384 MB RAM . We 've never had any problems with kids ' software , and made the supreme mistake of installing the game while our son waited to play . Four times in a row , with no other applications running , the cursor locked up and we had to reboot the computer while our two-year old howled in frustration . Later , alone , I looked at the README file , which suggested I turn off all extensions except QuickTime and the CD drive , which I did . It worked for a while , but then the cursor disappeared . I then accessed the developer 's web site but found no FAQ or patch there , and no way to contact them.From what I could see of the game it was interesting and fun . I think that explanations of gameplay are sometimes wordy without being illuminating to a young child , but once the child understands the individual games and the Word Book it would be enjoyable ...
 I was disappointed by the organization . This CD focuses mainly on letter recognition rather than accurate letter-sound association . The directions for each task were difficult to understand . The introduction was too long . I work with a special education population and programs whose introduction is long loses the attention of many of the children . There was confusion between letter names and the sound they produce within words . The program included blends in the letter/sound recognition tasks which is confusing for children ; often , these concepts are taught in simple one syllable words avoiding words with digraphs and blends .
 My problem with this CD is the lack of concise instructions.My husband and I had a hard time figuring out how to make the words , and where to place them.Also , alot of the games are so convoluted.I think that the real reason my three year old has n't gotten discouraged and stopped playing is because it 's Blue.Plese more clues Blue !
 I have a -LSB- PC , this was for a MAC , so I will try to find someone to give it to that have small children . I may be hard , since I am over 65 .
 I can not get my 8-year old grandchildren to stay with this game . The story moves along v-e-r-y slowly , the animation is not particularly good , the acting is terrible -- it sounds like adults -LRB- trying to sound like kids -RRB- simply reading a script . Also the player has to play the game as different characters requiring much too frequent switching , which the girls find annoying . I 'm sure there is a beautiful moral message in this game somewhere ; it is too bad more effort was n't put into the game itself .
 This product is of very limited value to NT users because it only allows you to copy partitions to free space on the same drive . If you are looking for somthing to provide a backup across a network or on removable media , keep looking . I gave it one star because zero is not available.dgv
 Poor Graphics , NOT user friendly . Just avery bad program . DO NOT PURCHASE .
 I bougth this program trying to make funny templates and it really can do it , it has a lot of combinations that make you smile but the big problem that I saw is the quality at the time you printed , you ca n't print photos larger the 1/4 letter size because you will see a lot of distortion on it .
 After using Redshift 3 which is excellent , and smooth running . I found Redshift 4 a big dissapointment . Main reasons is its sluggish speed . It sometimes crashes especially if you do not change back to disk 1 from disk 2 immediately . The user interface is more difficult than Redshift 3 , and unlike R3 appears to have NO keyboard commands or control . I noticed some things missing , like the 3d orbital view windows as with R3 . No improvements in graphics , Open GL option would have improved and speeded up graphics . Other than the extra Tycho2 and Hubble information Redshift 4 is a BIG let down . Should have named it Redshift 2.5 ! I will stick to Redshift 3 .
 Redshift 3 was , hands down , the you-know-what in this software category . It was near-perfection ! They have brought it down to the garden variety of its competitors . I will stay with Redshift 3 ! BTW , I am a PhD in astronomy , so if I seem upset , please see the other posts . I am not alone . This is its competitor with the little squeaky hand , not the great Redshift we have come to know and love.Navigation is terrible , and frames change settings with views . I am going to be ill . Excuse me . Nooooo !
 I wish I 'd first read the other reviews here . I though a Version 4 should include and improve on the features of version 3 . It seems half the things in version 3 that I really liked , have been removed -LRB- such as being able to indivdualy zoom objects -RRB- , and in return what do we get , multiple views and a few more stars ... Well at least I now have a full collection of all 4 versions of redshift . .
 I recieved Red Shift 4 via UPS today . I have found it not up to the ease of use as Red Shift 3 which was top notch . Red Shift 4 is a big let down . I sure would like to return it and just keep my old Red Shift 3 .
 I could not make it work with MS Vista premium on my Toshiba laptop . But does work with my desktop XP system . Has no interoperability with OpenOffice . Only with MS office .
 This is n't the most exciting game in my kids ' collection but it 's probably worth the ten bucks . The games are about as good as flash games you 'd find at Nick Jr. or PBSKids online
 I was disappointed . I had hoped this game would mean some of our son 's computer time would teach him about the Bible and religion , but there 's nothing really eduational or religion-oriented about this . It 's just games , one of which is bumper cars -LRB- try to bump others -RRB- and one is target shooting , two activities that seem a little contrary to the morals I wanted encouraged . Also , the game is pretty short . It also requires a much better system than the minimum recommended - we have to play it on my computer instead of my son 's . Still , it 's fun to play and my son loves it .
 I have always loved the Veggie Tale movies but this game was a huge disappointment . The package offers parents the option of setting time limits on how long your kids can play this game but trust me , my 5 year old lost interest long before any time limit would have ended . It only has 5 activities and they wear thin very quickly . There is so little substance to this game that it is pathetic . BORING . Buy something else .
 I was dissappointed that the game did not function on our computer . The computer meets the system requirements , yet things like the bumper cars and roller coaster do n't work . My daughter loves veggie tales , but becomes very frustrated with this game . I also agree that it would have been nice to have some of the spiritual values taught in this game as well .
 I have used Microsoft AutoRoute Europe 2001 with very good success for the last several years . In the process of planning a trip to Republic of Macedonia , however , I could find most , but not all my desitinations . I thought I might do well to look into purchasing the latest edition.The FEATURES of Microsoft AutoRoute Europe 2007 describe `` New ! Increased map coverage for Eastern Europe and updated maps for Western Europe . '' I figured this was just the ticket for me , but was I wrong . There is a big hole in the map of Europe where the central `` Balkans '' should be ! There is absolutely no information for this region - zero , zip , nada.If you 're planning to travel extensively in southeastern Europe , you 're burning $ 39.95 on Microsoft AutoRoute Europe 2007 .
 I have just returned from a month in Germany and expected to use AutoRoute Europe 2007 with my laptop . The program functioned well , but was nearly useless because , I was told , the map is vintage 2001 . Extensions completed in 2003 and new `` A '' roads were not shown . If I followed their route to Fussen , I would still be driving . In reality the Autobahn was extended to Fussen several years ago.I found it helpful to locate tourist information in Munich when I first arrived.I drove a friend 's Audi A6 with Navigation , and found it excellent . As a real time navi system , AutoRoute is a rip-off . I would take an entirely different perspective were Microsoft to deliver a product resembling its name . Tsk , tsk Microsoft . Deceptive titling just to make a $ 40 sale ... ???? On the other hand , I have this bridge for sale ... Any takers ?
 We used Autoroute in Amsterdam for 3 days . Using the Microsoft GPS Antenna supplied with Streets and Trips 2008 . AutoRoute Europe was the worst package I have ever worked with and was continuously slow to warn about turns and frequently planned turns the wrong way on one way streets . It was enough to convince me to by a TomTom GPS for the car and what a difference . The TomTom is an excellent product and will certainly leave you much less frustrated .
 My desktop CD-ROM refused to recognize that the CD was in the tray . It did recognize other CDs . My desktop is a HP Pavilion 2000 with Windows XP HomeVersion . My laptop did accept the CD so I know that it is not the CD . I purchased the product for use on my desktop , not the laptop.I would appreciate instructions on fixing the problem .
 I just installed AutoRoute 2007 . There is a feature in AutoRoute where you can display various places of interest on the map . In this version , for some installations you can not hide restaurants . This has been reported on the Microsoft UK AutoRoute community website . I loaded the program on a second computer with the same result . Both systems run Window XP Pro . This means for certain cities , like Paris , at certain magnifications , the map is completely cluttered with small green squares which indicate the location of a restaurant . MicroSoft only indicates that they will enter this bug into the work request for the next version of AutoRoute . They also say earlier versions were not affected . You may want to buy 2007 but check out your ability to show/hide all of the items of interest right away and be prepared to be dissappointed . I am going to try finding AutoRoute 2006 for sale .
 I purchased Autoroute 2007 for a trip to Germany-Austria in Sept.-Oct . 2008 . I have since used it for a trip to the South of France in Dec. . The two trips had far different results for the use of Autoroute . In Germany , the directions were right on . I drove from Munich to Fuessen , Germany , then to Innsbruck , back to Fuessen , then to Vienna , then to Salzburg , and back to Munich , with much of the journey on back roads . I loaded Autoroute on my laptop and set it on the floor in the car on the passenger 's side . Directions were right on . The only problem I ran into was construction on one of the routes , which I was able to overcome by recalculating the route using F3.But in France , in going from Marseille to Aix to Arles to Millau , then to Nimes and Avignon , and finally to Nice I had much more difficulty , as if the German data had been more precise than the French . In France , many round-abouts -LRB- traffic circles -RRB- were missing from Autoroute in the routes I traveled . I missed many turns because of this . Not only that , the data on the circles were suspect . For example , `` take the second exit at the round-about '' may or may not be correct depending how they counted the exits from the circle . Most disconcerting was the repeated `` Off route ! '' warnings from the program , followed immediately by `` Back on route ! '' indicating that the road registration data was imprecise in France . Furthermore , the data was out of date as demonstrated by my trip to Millau , where the A75 route has been modified.I also ran into several problems with the program itself , such as losing connection with the GPS sensor , having to shut down the program and restart it to get out of some software glitch , or other interferences caused by the Microsoft Windows XP operating system , such as pop up messages . These difficulties led me to the conclusion that Autoroute is not a suitable program for the sole traveler , because it demands so much attention . This can certainly be a safety hazard on tight , winding European roads . A better solution , which I will implement on my next European trip even though it is more expensive , is a dedicated GPS receiver on the dashboard . The interface is superior , the graphics , more representative of the landscape , and the user interaction , minimal .
 After an e-mail exchange with Microsoft Technical Support , I land in London to find the GPS features of AutoRoute 2007 wo n't drive my -LRB- De Lorme -RRB- antenna contrary to their assurances . Next I try to go on line , but find Win XP SP3 has knocked out my WiFi . Finally , reaching the internet , I find it full of blogs from others like me . support.microsoft wo n't deal with it , linking to some third party site that is no help . HELP ? HELL NO ! NO MORE MICROSUCX for me!It WRECKED OUR TRIP .
 Purchased this product because it was the only GPS software that claimed to cover Greece . Well if you are going from Athens to Cornith it looks like it will work well . Do n't try to go to any smaller towns . Not covered . Well there goes 40 bucks
 Microsoft AutoRoute Europe 2007I purchased this product specificly for Slovakia & The Ukraine . They do n't show any roads in these areas . The description led me to believe that Microsoft had improved these areas . I 've used Microsoft Streets since its inception , and I was very disappointed to see what a poor job they did with the Europe version .
 Just to let you all know , Pinnacle is a waste of money . Unless you are creating very simple -LRB- and i mean simple -RRB- projects , do n't buy it ! I hate this program . It has so many bugs and glitches . After 20 + hours of editing my 15 minute movie , Pinnacle destroyed about 75 % of it for no reason . This is Junk !!! Buy anything other than Pinnacle , trust me !!
 While the program works quite well as a digitizer , editor , adding transitions , sounds , etc. , trying to get your work out of the program is another matter . It nearly always crashes/locks up while trying to create files with any major resolution such as VHS , mpeg2 , broadband . wmv -LRB- Windows Media -RRB- , or . rm -LRB- Real Video -RRB- . While sometimes the output files are readable and somewhat usable , they usually are n't , thereby wasting much of your time . I 've wasted probably 50 hours at various times and projects , trying to get my work out . When Studio does successfully output files at lower resolutions , -LRB- i.e. dial up wmv formats for posting to a website -RRB- , it does OK .
 Stay away from Studio 8 ! Its a terrible product ! I `` run '' it on an XP PC , 2.4 ghz processor , 1 gb ram . It constantly freezes . When rendering , when it completes , it will include only the last 2 or 3 minutes of the video . Do n't even consider this terrible product ! View other users experiences
 ... unless you want hours of frustration . Worst software purchase decision ever made . Incredibly unstable and buggy . Wo n't install due to `` error reading license information '' bug which require you to download from their website all sorts of register keys , patches and updates . Also , do n't expect any product support , Pinnacle only supports users via email which adds another whole level of frustration . See CNET ratings -LRB- I wish I did -RRB- . Over 70 % gave it a thumbs down . Switched to Sony Screenblast Movie 3.0 and it has work fine so far .
 After many , many hours I have given up on Studio . It just does not work . * Does not recognize/capture from their new acquisition -- Dazzle -- even after downloading all patches , etc. * Hangs when trying to render to DVD/MPEG2 -- again after reinstall , patches , Direct X upgrade , etc. I work in IT professional so trust me when I say this is VERY buggy software . Try something else .
 And now that you 've heard the good news - the bad news is IT SUX .
 This product has many annoying bugs . The most annoying is it has a tendency to resposition the window so that the menu bar is off screen . When this happens there is no convenient way to get the window into a position where you can use the application . It also has a tendancy to freeze . I have a very high end machine with a Gig of RAM . It can not be running out of resources . There is no excuse for a product being release with this many defects .
 This software has a few nice features and does some of these nicely . However , the rest of it performs like a DOG -LRB- and I am using a very high-end computer loaded with lots of memory and super-fast -RRB- . But if you 're lucky you will even get a crashing error message when you go to Exit . However , DO N'T dare try to UNinstall it ! It will trash your Windows operating system -LRB- I am using Windows 2000 with latest service packs -RRB- and take system files along with it !! I had this problem on 2 different computers and ended up having to totally reinstall Windows ! It was a nightmare . If I did not own Pinnacle Studio 8 , I would n't take it if it were given to me FREE . Beware !
 I am horrible dissapointed with the progression of the studio line . I was a huge fan of the studio product in the past , but now i will look elswhere . I have a brand new top of the line computer and this program still can lock up or crah after rendering for 12 plus hours , this is untolerable and unnacceptable . Hopefully studio nine will be tenfold better or definatly look for another company .
 Wish I could rate them less ! I loaded the software , wasted several days , had several exchanges with tech support - and had to send the software back . Tech Support marked my case `` solved '' . If losing a customer is solving a problem , I hope they solve enough to go out of business !!!!!
 I 've run this program on PC 's running AMD Athlon 1 GHz processor , Celeron 2.6 GHz , Pentium III 1 GHz , and Pentium M 1.4 GHz with 512 MB of RAM.The program is slow on any system , crashes frequently even after a fresh Windows installation . On my computer with widescreen display , the window goes partially offscreen . The only way to fix the problem was to lower my screen resolution.While storyboard view is a feature I liked , it is not critical and on other programs I am getting to like the timeline view . Transitions are limited unless you buy additional package from Pinnacle.Some magazine reviews claim that video rendering is excellent . That is true , but not always . There are many places with dropped frames and the video comes out wrong . The preview quality capture does not always work , often after creating and rendering the project , the video sections that are actually rendered are different from what was selected in the preview mode.I give it 2 stars -LRB- instead of 1 -RRB- because when it works , the feature set and ease of use is not too bad .
 I bought a VERY high end Gateway computer , specifically for video editing , and what program came with it ? ... you guessed it , Studio 8 ... well , being a begginer , I was up for a challenge , and I just could n't get this program to work , AT ALL ... turns out , that for the first couple months of owning this program , it was WORTHLESS ! ... it was n't until the `` free upgrade '' was available that this program would work -LRB- It was n't me at all -RRB- ... yeah , that 's great , pay -LSB- money -RSB- , and wait three months for it to work properley ? ... I do n't think so ! So , anyway , I learned everything on the program , and I would say i 'm pretty experienced now ... but with 99 % of the projects , you -LRB- or I at least I do -RRB- will encounter some type of freak error that will occur for an `` Unknown '' reason ... Studio shuts down automatically , causing you to loose your work , even with `` autosave '' Hours and Hours are wasted using this software , but I continue to use it because # 1 . I paid for it already , and it ca n't go back # 2 . I have learned almost everything about the software , and # 3 . Eventually , every project I make can be burned to a DVD ... just not on the first try . If I get the error , I know certain tricks to have it work the second time ... but as I stated , you need patience , because this product could drive you CRAZY ! I could go on forever about the program flaws ... but let me leave it at this , I would n't recommend this to anyone ... I 'm sure there are many reliable products out there with the same great features ... and they probably work each and every time ! . Also , forget Tech support ... that 's a complete joke ! They might as well not even have a phone number , because you 'll never get a hold of ANYONE !
 Wish I could give this zero stars . If you 're working on a movie longer than 3 minutes , stay away from this software and you 'll save yourself hours of frustration and anguish . Although this software is very user friendly and easy to install , it has to be the most poorly developed and tested -LSB- material -RSB- I 've ever used . Examples ? Titler buggy
 I admit it.I am unfamiliar with video editing on the computer.So we bought this program , Pinnacle Studio v. 8 , figuring such a well advertised product must be plug in and use.But no . They do n't tell you that you must have Firewire for it to work , and they do n't tell you that it is incompatible with many cameras , such as in my case the very popular Panasonic PV GS 50D . Driver conflicts ... you name it . My hair is turning grey over this stuffSo I called up Pinnacle customer service , waited for over a half an hour each time and all they want to do is to sell me another product that makes it compatible . So double what you were told it costs and `` Maybe '' it works ? Like buy a car on a special - BTW with three wheels?I call this b.s. `` It 's the other manufacturers fault '' was one answer . If they ca n't get the bugs out of the program , they should n't sell their product . Award winning ?????? I mean ?????? Award what ? At least say the car has three wheels if you sell it with three wheels.Stay away from this horrible product . I am returning mine but boy is this frustrating.Update
 I bought Studio 8 ... Spent a couple hours trying to install it correctly ... It would tell me it was installed succesfully ... but the program wasnt there . -LRB- ? -RRB- After a couple more wasted hours . . My flawless -LRB- never crashed ever -RRB- computer ... Started crashing , other programs stoped working . . pluggin in a webcam made it crash too ... It would take 3 attempts to even boot up ... I thought it was me ... Then discovered the several hundred other horror story posts by others . I never got it to work for me either . I Returned that thing back to the Store the next day !
 If you 're planning to use this software to impressive things , you 'll be disappointed . I found the software to be extremely buggy and unpredictable . After working with it for many hours , I gave up since I was unable to successfully create a single video .
 This program is a waste of money . It takes 12 hours to render and burn a DVD -LRB- when everything works -RRB- . If you add transitions or effects -LRB- like rolling titles -RRB- you are begging for a lock up . Tech support is non existent . Go on pinnacle 's web site forum and read all of the complaints about this software before you waste your money . I wish I did.You also need a huge hard drive to edit video . 2 hours of video will need about 20 GB of hard drive . If you dont have an extra 25 GB of drive , dont even think about using this.I have a 200Gb hard drive with 512 RAM and a 2.4 P4 processor .
 I originally used the program Studio DC10 + and was forced to upgrade to Studio 8 due to using windows XP on our new system . They call this program an upgrade , but the only thing that went up are the bugs in the system . One might find themselves cursing this program in many different languages by the time they 're done . The program , 7 out of 10 attempts , will crash as soon as you open it whether you 're working on something or not . If you use footage from a tape but also footage you 've downloaded off the internet or edited in another program , chances are your timeline will stop working altogether . It wo n't play , it wo n't show footage or play sounds . In fact , I spent 2 months emailing and calling technical support about this product and they were completely unable to help me . The technical support service is lousy , plus after a certain point you have to pay for it . After a point , the email techies began to completely ignore my emails for weeks at a time , until I started to talk about their supervisors . Then they miraculously appeared and sugggested advice they had given me 2 weeks before that had failed , and dissapeared again . This product is a serious waste of money . Even their in-program title device does n't work properly - you may find your clips failing to compile unless you remove them . Pinnacle may have won some awards , but I guarantee it was n't for this program .
 While this product is functional and relatively easy to use , it seems to struggle to keep even the smallest projects together . My latest project , a 20 minute production with mostly still images and MP3 music , continued to crash until I removed all of the music and readded it . The product has a self update feature that prompts you when there are fixes available . While this is a very nice feature , I have patched it at least three times and the product still seems to have many bugs . If you have endless patience and enjoy battling frustrating software this is the product for you . Two stars is probably generous .
 I upgraded from Studio 7 . Having used a few different video editing software programs , Pinnacle is my favorite for editing video . It has a relatively clean and intuitive interface . It offers quite a few options that give you all of the flexibility to create a relatively decent video . You will need to use other programs to help with the audio if you are going to get fancy , but that really goes for most of the other products in its price range too.The problem has always been wrapping it up . It always takes some kind of extraordinary process to bring the project to completion . Your work should be done once you cut each scene to the size you want , add transitions between scenes and complete the titles.Sometimes Pinnacle will be able to complete the project from start to finish . This is in my experience the happy exception . Something always goes wrong , and it is never a smooth as it should be.As an example , my latest project is 40 minute video , I spent one weekend editing and titling the project , and the next two weekends trying to make a useful file from it . After rendering the project for an hour or so I get a message that the program was unable to render the video . When I finally got it to finish the MPEG-2 file , I could n't get it to burn to the DVD.I finally bought Ulead VideoStudio 7 . This program worked to complete the project . I had to take the MPEG-2 file from Pinnacle and re-render it using the menus from Ulead and created a mostly successful DVD.Previously I have used Dazzle DVD Complete to finish the project when Pinnacle was n't up to it , but could n't use it this time for reasons too long to go into here . Of course Pinnacle recently bought Dazzle . Maybe there is some hope for Pinnacle Studio 9If you are going to get into this you are going to need a lot of patience . If you think that you are a patient sort of person , you do not truly know until you have successfully authored your own DVD in Pinnacle .
 When you look at the list of features , install it and look at the interface , it seems extremely impressive . Then try to use it . It locks up all the time , it crashes to desktop . Occasionally it 's locked my XP machine to the point I had to do a hard reboot . That 's not supposed to be possible with XP.I 've played with this software for months . I 've installed patch after patch . It still locks up when trying to do simple things like save a project . I have yet to produce a single usable project that I could burn to a DVD.I tend to do a lot of research before laying out money on a product . As a result I 'm usually satisfied . My other reviews show that . I read the reviews here , and knew the product had problems , but bought it anyway because there was a large rebate and it promised so much . I should have listened to the reviews . This product is simply not usable . Just do n't buy it .
 I owned Studio 7.0 and loved it . However , I mistakenly thought 8.0 would be a good choice to edit and burn video using my new DVD burner . I could not have been more wrong ! As of January 2003 , only a beta version 8.5.5 works according to their tech rep. I tried the beta version , and it repeatedly crashed on my computer . Stay away from Studio 8.0 !
 I agree with Dino `` nada `` s June 10 , 2003 review . Way too much time rendering and compiling a 1 hour 25 minute video . On average , the program would crash twice before anything -LRB- if anything -RRB- is copied onto a DVD . By that time , more than half a day is wasted.Amazon.com requires that a rating of one to five stars be awarded in order for my review to be posted . I am forced to rate this product a one star ; one star too many.Enough said !
 I bought Studio 8 about 3 months ago . In that time it has been one headache after another . This product does not work as described . The technical support is clueless and each upgrade only causes more problems while not really fixing the existing problems . If it worked the way it was advertised it would be a great piece of software . However , if you even get it to work at all you are lucky . If you work to get around one problem you will only encounter another down the line . Even during editing the program will frequently just lock . I do not know how they are getting away with selling this . They should be forced to give everyone refunds . This is truly the most flawed and buggy piece of software I have ever witnessed .
 This product seems to have a great feature set - the only problem is , it does not work ! It freezes even on a simple 5-minute clip with no effects and transitions - and that is on a pretty powerful computer with 1GB RAM and 2GHz processor . After spending countless hours troubleshooting , I have just decided to give up on the product . In over 1 year of owning this product , I havent been able to produce even a single working movie clip out of this.My advice
 Run , do not walk , away from this software . Read through some of the thousands upon thousands of discussion threads in Pinnacle 's User Forums on Studio 8 to get a fair assessment of the limitless problems you 'll encounter . You 'll find advanced , expert DVD users recommending alternative software for accomplishing this function or that to compensate for Studio 8 's bugs . Expect frequent crashes without explanation and Windows BSOD 's . Expect to try several different brands of expensive DVD disks , and ongoing driver and software updates and patches -- but even if you 're able to produce a DVD that can play on your PC , do n't expect to play it on your stand-alone DVD player . Or was it various other models of DVD players ? The determined and devoted user will eventually get this to work . Others have , but they seem to be the minority . If you are one of those that actually DO produce a playable DVD , do n't ever change anything on your PC -- no Windows patches or updates , no new devices , no new audio or video software , and DEFINITELY not any of the ongoing `` fixes '' from Pinnacle . Read the forums . Buy something else . Wait a year for companies like Pinnacle to figure out how to actually produce software that works for the consumer they 've heavily marketed this stuff to.Ah , I feel better . Back to the Forums ...
 I researched several DVD authoring packages to find one that lived up the claim to create DVDs `` like Hollywood '' productions . I spent the money for Video 8 , and if you need all the video capture and editing tools , this may work using the Hollywood FX features . However , I had already edited my video using Vegas Video -LRB- a 5 star video editing package -RRB- , so Video 8 did not offer any value to me for video editing . What had caught my attention were the motion buttons and menu backgrounds . Those work but the customer support could not tell me how to create menus that skipped other menus or assign specific chapters to menu buttons . Above all , on WinXP , Video 8 crashed and sent error reports about 15 times in a two-week period . This forced me to research further and I found Ulead DVD Workshop -LRB- ASIN = B00006412S -RRB- to be superior . Of course , it is about $ ... more than Video 8 but it appears to be worth it to have the `` Hollywood '' navigation features available for DVD .
 I thought they would have the bugs killed by now . No way . It wo n't import MP3s converted with RealOne . Now I ca n't even get it to uninstall or install . It is a piece . Now I have to restore my computer . Basic design is good but why ca n't they make a product that actually works like it says . Stay away until the bugs are worked out ...
 Let me just say that I ca n't even TRY to burn a DVD because I ca n't get past the editing phase . Everytime I try to insert a transition the whole program goes haywire , and it 's an ongoing battle to even get Window 's to shut the beast down ! And I have a top of the line Gateway 700 series computer with a decent 512 MB of ram . I have oodles of hard drive . This software came with the computer but it is n't even close to compatable . I feel much better having read through all the reviews . At least I know it 's not user error . It 's just a downright unstable program!IF it worked it would be a fun and easy way to edit home videos . However , it does NOT work . Now I have to try to find some other program to burn the three hours of home video I have accumulated.Back to the drawing board !
 Everything in this program worked fine , until it stopped playing two movie that i had created . The audio would work but the video wouldnt . Also i can not get it to format to MPEG . It works on it but gets stuck on a clip about halfway through . It said `` rendering '' so maybe it was still working but i left it on over night and it still didnt finish . If that would work and the program wouldnt loose my videos and shutdown so often it would be ok , but i have found it is extrememly annoying to work with .
 I have tried many versions of Studio over the last three + years . They all have serious bugs such as crashing and hanging which make them useless . I tried Studio 8 , installed the upgrade to 8.3 and hand many problems . I am using a standard P4 system with XP SP1 . Iy you do try Studio then make a project from start to finish with minimal editing so you do n't wast a lot of time editing to only find out you can not rednder , burn , save , etc. .
 User interface is great . Everything else is horrible . It crashes , hangs , burps , and everything else software should n't do . I never got it to write a DVD , ever . It will render successfully , and thats when I switch over to my Sony software that was bundled with my DVD , which always works , and burn the DVD with that . Only problem is the DVD menus with the Sony software are very basic.I ca n't complain too much about this junk , -LRB- ... -RRB- My daughter in college used Imovie , which comes with the operating system on a MacIntosh and produced a really great movie.I plan to uninstall this garbage , and get Vegas + DVD -LRB- by Sony -RRB- , or Adobe Premier , I have n't decided yet .
 I , along two other friends have the same experience as it has been reported in other reviews . This software makes your computer useless , UPON INSTALLATION . Please DON NOT INSTALL THIS Software on your computer . Otherwise , you will end up with CD Device not working , Hard Disk failure and SCSII cards failure . I say this out of actual experience .
 I got Pinnacle Studio 8 free with my Camcorder purchase . This program looks great but does n't work . Thank goodness I never paid for it because it 's the worst program I have ever used in my WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE !! I can not comprehend why a company would put a product out that does n't work . It goes against every moral principle I know . I could not compile anything for burning . Spent hours editing DV movies only to have program stall during compilation and burning . I did however get it to burn an 8 minute segment of a VCD . But it did so because I just simply spliced a few segments together and then ripped it . It took me hours to figure this out . Basically , if you add the effects , such as fading and animation , the program will not compile properly . Is n't that the whole point of the software , to be able to burn cd 's and DVD 's of home movies ? Folks , save your money and do n't buy this version . It is truly a ripoff .
 I bought a new PC with video editing in mind . I 'm a professional documentary cameraman and wanted to be able to work on showreels at home . Sudio 8 sounded just the business at minimal cost . Loaded Studio 8 on . No problems capturing video , but several crashes during editing and rendering . Pinnacle Support -LRB- who take 2-5 days to answer emails -RRB- recommended upgrades . No improvement . Then they recommended deleting/reinstalling . No improvement . Then they recommended deleting , cleaning registry using their downloadable tool `` Regdelete '' then reinstalling . No improvement in Studio which I more or less gave up using because of the rendering issues but meanwhile crashes started occurring during all programmes , especially Outlook . These got worse and worse . Microsoft 's online analysis would blame the crash on an unknown device driver . So I started trying to roll back -LRB- system restore -RRB- Windows , unable to . Ended up with crashes occurring on start-up . An engineer came and was unable to repair Windows so installed a second copy on my C drive . Recovered most of my data apart from Outlook -LRB- ie . emails and addresses , very frustrating -RRB- . Re-installed a programme a day to try and work out which software had caused the problems . PC stable as a rock until the day I installed Studio 8 . Crashes occuring again . Meanwhile Studio doing everything it promised except unable to burn SVCDs -LRB- it would burn VCDs and mpgs -RRB- . This using just their `` Photoshoot '' files that come with programme . Contacted Pinnacle tech support again , again -LRB- several days later -RRB- they recommended deleting S8 , running regdelete , and reloading . And guess what ? PC totally unstable again , rollback facility/system restore does n't cure the problem , emails lost again , more money to be spent on an engineer . This 40 piece of garbage has probably cost me 100 in fixes and 2 or 3 hundred hours of frustration . I 'm really surprised that Microsoft have n't closed Pinnacle down . This product clearly damages Windows XP in such a serious way that only a total re-installation will recover your PC . Beware.PS . If you do insist on trying it out -LRB- even after reading all these appalling reviews !! -RRB- then 2 things . Firstly use the Photoshoot mpgs supplied to edit , render and burn some test discs . If it all works and your PC remains stable , then try using your own footage . Maybe it will work for you . If it fails at any of these operations , give up now , return it for a refund . And secondly , do not under any circumsatnces use their regdelete tool . This I believe is what scrambles XP irrecoverably . Do n't be tempted as I and many others were , to spend hours editing your own footage only to find out there are rendering problems which make all your efforts wasted . And if there are any Pinnacle staff out there reading this ... I hope one day somebody screws you over as badly as you 've screwed all your customers . Shame on you .
 ... and this is PURE TRASH . This garbage should have never went out the door . Thier support organization is utterly deplorable . I 'd FIRE the whole lot , dev team , support team , ect ... . and start from scratch . I 've also filled a formal complaint with my state better business bureau and encourage others to do the same . There have been users that have had a lot of problems with this app screwing up their OS as well . This is JUST PLAIN WRONG folks !!!!!!!!!
 Program runs fine the first few times and then the problems begin . My files would n't render completely , discs would not burn , and program just locked up frequently . I am running this with PLENTY of speed and memory , so I tried re-installing the program several times with a further decline in performance . Another problem was the update from the website . When I downloaded this , my menus and title features were scattered all over my videos . After failed burning and wasting several DVD and CD 's , I am no longer using this software . Save yourself the headache from the beginning .
 I like making movies . Period . I bought a Digital Camcorder for that purpose . It came with a decent editing program . I had to get all Hollywood and buy this -LSB- stuff -RSB- . My PC is pretty decent , 2 ghz processor , 30 gig HD , 512 MB RAM , according to the system requirements listed for this product , I 'm ahead of the curve . NOPE ! Rendering kills me ! Ca n't finish my masterpiece ! Spent hours upon hours , tried the customer support , believe me I tried . I paid the ... listing price . I want to make this work ... This program is great as far as the features go . Creative sound manipulation , transitions , clip editing , but if you ca n't get the final product , what good is it . Read these reviews , read them all . Grab a sheet of paper , and tally all reviews with 3 or more stars compared to 2 or less . See what I mean . ... ! You are now looking at an iMac convert . They know how to use multimedia for guys like me . I just want to make movies that will entertain my family and friends ...
 Whacked . I bought 8 2 days ago , and I 've been up ALL NIGHT as I write this . The `` rendering '' was stuck on the last clip for 3 hours , my task mgr indicated the program was running , so I waited as long as I could , then I flipped out and hit cancel . Now I realize that might have been a mistake , since perhaps everything was fine , it just takes a long time . So then I `` shortened '' the movie , and attempted once more to burn it . I 'm about to go home and see if I was successful -- please pray to your significant higher beings for me -- I only want my vacation tape to include a couple damn overlay graphics , and play on my dvd -LRB- I did n't dare add menus , much less sound effects -RRB- .
 I have a pumped , brand new box with a fast chip and a ton of memory and this software consistently locks up on me . I can not get it to render a movie.Importing and editing the video was fine an dthe UI is OK . I was able to import images once , and now the software gives me an error every time I try to open an image.I can not even navigate to the `` Make Movie '' UI without my PC locking up.Tech support has been zero help .
 I bought my full version of Studio 8 today after playing with and enjoying the downloadable trial . Unfortunately , it wo n't even install -LRB- on a 24 hour old P4 2.6 ghz HP computer with XP -RRB- . Apparently Pinnacle produced God knows how many install CDs with bad serial numbers . So now I get to wait to have Staples overnight me a new CD ... who knows if that will have the same problem or not . The good thing is that I did n't buy direct through Pinnacle after seeing how bad their support is.That said , I thorougly enjoyed the Trial Version and thought they had a great program until I experienced difficulties right out of the box .
 Do not buy this program . Worst I have ever Bought . Even with the updates it still has problems . Now they want you to buy their newer version . HAve been on with tech support for multiple problems and my computer is well above the spec 's they say is needed . Even went out and spent $ 300.00 in upgrades per their suggestion . Had for 4 months and still can not compile a DVD or bring video in . By looking at the reviews , think they did not get the bug 's out before marketing . Seems we all paid for R&D for the future version -LRB- 9 -RRB- or maybe ver 9 users are paying R&D for the future 10 release when it comes out . Tech support has canned answers , must be on a sheet of paper . Pinnacle should make amends to all Studio 8 users on this ...
 I bought the Pinnacle Studio 8 software for the purpose of copying my library of VHS tapes to DVDs . It took me a while to figure out how to accomplish this , but now I have it running . However the program runs VERY slowly . I am using a 1.8 gHz Pentium4 with 256mb RAM so I expect the computer is powerful enough . But I am finding that it is taking 12 -LRB- twelve -RRB- hours of computer time to read , render , and write out one 90-minute VHS movie . Am I doing something wrong ? Maybe I am , but I ca n't figure out from the help file what I need to fix or change , so I am kind of stuck . Pinnacle 's user support seems to be non-existent . This is not working the way I expected and I am disappointed .
 I had high hopes for this program to do slide show , but I found it to buggy and too slow even with a new system , so its back to searching for an easy to use slide show program .
 You 'd think STABILITY would factor into reviewers ' outlook on an application.The features are nice . If it happens to agree with your PC.I lucked out and found it * usually * works ok with one of the PC 's in my home . Otherwise , it 's a crash-fest . All the features in the world mean nothing if you ca n't get the movie put together and onto a DVD . And I know all about keeping up to date with firmware , drivers , anti-virus , etc.This program 's just very shaky.Not worth the gamble and possibly the subsequent headaches unless you buy with a money-back guarantee .
 Total garbage . Wo n't capture more than 55 minutes of video ata shot . Crashes regularly . No Mercedes or BMW here . The Germans should be embarrassed . Get the Taiwanese stuff
 I 'm the owner of the all DV editing software starting from Studio DV . First I upgraded Studion DV to Studio 7 . Everything was going right . I found some new improvements.Then I upgraded from 7 to 8 . I expected to see some new improvements and ability to create my own DVD . From that moment all the bad things started , such as licensing problem -LRB- still not solved so I have 2 DVDs with my system drive backup to restore the system each time Studio `` decided '' that I 'm using non-licensed version for unknown reason -RRB- , stability of this product , and real ability to create my own DVD.Yes , you can create a DVD , but Studio will show you that there 's no more space available , however at the same time you may find , that there are more than enough space.I spent couple of days and my own money calling customer support -LRB- they do n't have toll free number for Studio products , why ? !!! -RRB- . Studio 8 does n't support PAL also for unknown reason.The total experience to use Studio 8 more negative than positive.I 'm still using this product to capture from my mini-DV camera , remove not needed parts and write entire movie back to the tape.However it can be done by Studio 7 . For other purpose this product is useless . However if somemody like surprises ... I would not recomend this program to anyone . But it may be a good combination or addition to other software like Ulead VideoStudio , Adobe Premiere -LRB- try to capture something with Adobe :-RRB- ... etc.And , -LRB- this is a TIP -RRB- , if you have Pinnacle Studio , do not buy Expression or vice versa . It will be just waste of money .
 If you read Pinnacle 's own marketing hype , or other `` professional '' reviewers glowing remarks about Pinnacle , you 'd think your buying the best deal in software for under $ 99 . However , nothing could be farther from the truth . First of all , the software is so buggy that you can expect it to crash every five minutes . To get to the point of DVD rendering , you feel like your limping your way there.Secondly , the software is not very intuitive to use . I tried to create a slideshow , however the very large and somewhat stupid manual only slightly indicates that digital photos can be imported via the titling option . Wow , what a smart place to put that function.On the editing side , if you pick a a special effects transition that you have n't paid the addition $ 49.95 for , the program has a fatal error . Oh yes , using the help function can also result in a fatal error.All told , having worked in the software industry , I 'm sad to think that Pinnacle would have the guts to sell such a dog of a product.Also , I 've recently experienced that the software they ship has incorrect liscence numbers . You have to contact Pinnacle to get the corrected liscence number for your product or else it does n't install . And believe me , contacting Pinnacle Support is no treat.I ended up filing a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission against Pinnacle and requested , and received , my money back . It 's too bad there is n't a class action suite against Pinnacle.If anyone sold a refridgerator or a toaster as shoddy as this product , they 'd certainly be expected to give every customer their money back or a satisfactory replacement -LRB- I suggest some other vendor 's product as the replacement .
 The program works fine for simple projects if you tolerate the occasional crash . The more complex the project the more problems you will run into.Support is worthless . For each of the problems I reported I was told to reload the software . Then I was told to reload the operating system . After my own investigation I found out that Studio 8 has a conflict with another Pinnacle program . Once I uninstalled the other Pinnacle program the problem disappeared.I spent weeks on one project when I encountered a problem and all support could tell me was that the project was corrupted and I would have to start over.The layout of Pinnacle 's support web site gives an indication of how poor support is . The ` NEW ' section lists the latest fixes from 2002 ! Even now when you select the latest update for XP you get an error that the page ca n't be found.I spent many many dollars on Pinnacle software and for the most part the software is slow -LRB- even on a 3.2 GH system -RRB- , has occasional crashes and has many bugs.I also purchased the Edition upgrade from version 4.5 to 5.0 in July . A 5.1 fix upgrade was posted on the web site in August and now Edition is listed as Legacy with the upgrade being a $ 399 upgrade to Liquid Edition!If you enjoy spending lots of money to upgrade Pinnacle software to try and fix the bugs in Pinnacle software then Pinnacle is for you .
 This program has the basics of something great ... but was never finished . It is extremely buggy and slow with an unimpressive final product . Pinnacles technical service is equally unimpressive.It is the only program i ever purchased that i felt compelled to return .
 I have to download upgrade software from Pinnacle website to make it work correctly . It takes long long long time to load the video sequence , edit a movie , add various transitions . Sometime I was wondering it was crash and no response at all -LRB- my notebook is 2,66 G and 512M RAM -RRB- .
 A very common problem with this software . The program stops at certain point and that 's it . I read in the web that too many people are having similar problems . There should be a patch available by now but none . Not even instructions how to correct the problem . It is fine to create a movie , add titles , sounds , transitions , etc but when you want to create you own dvd or mpeg file not so easy . I wasted hours and why not days trying to find a solution to my problem and still nothing . I am thinking is finding a better software that does the job . Good luck if you buy this software . I recommend to download a free trial copy , if possible , first before you buy it and test it very well . Create a movie and make as complex as your normal work will be and see if it works for you .
 Nice concept and features - but it does n't work . Initial release would n't compile DVDs reliably . Current release -LRB- with patch applied -RRB- manages to compile but suffers from video/audio synchronization . Not recommended for burning DVDs . It 's amazing to me that something which is so obviously of totally inadequate quality was ever released .
 I 'm a user who loves this program , but I 've jumped through many hoops and spent a lot of money to get where it will work . You may be fortunate and it will work flawlessly for you , right out-of-the-box . I do n't know what the odds are , but I would n't count on it . The reviewers who have written horror stories are not making them up . I 've experienced nearly every problem cited here . I am very experienced in hardware and software installation & use , and Studio 8 gave me fits for nearly 3 months.If you have problems , God help you , because there 's little chance that their Tech Support will . If you post to their tech support forum , an experienced user may respond , but the actual Pinnacle techs seem to take a hit-and-miss approach , ignoring the vast majority of the pleas for help posted . Visit and see for yourself . I wrote for help a couple of times in precise detail and courteous language early on in my experience . I received not a single comment from a Pinnacle tech in response.If you do receive a response , you 'll be told that it 's something wrong with your system , not Studio 8 . You 'll be advised to :1 -RRB- get the latest update2 -RRB- perform a seemingly endless series of uninstall/clean the registry/reinstall/update operations3 -RRB- shut down any other software that may be running as a background task4 -RRB- uninstall other CD/DVD burning software , such as Roxio or Nero5 -RRB- format your hard drive and reinstall your operating system6 -RRB- use a different application to perform an operation that wo n't work in Studio -- in direct contradiction to step 4 , above7 -RRB- work with AVI files , if possible , despite the advertising that hypes the ability to support several different formats8 -RRB- try to create a video project from very short files that are supplied with the program , and bear little relation to the type or size that you 'll likely to be using in your projects9 -RRB- use workarounds which add time and extra resource demands upon your system , and severely detract from the user-friendliness & flexibility suggested by advertising and your first glance at the interfaceThey will deny , deny , deny that there are problems . They will tell you that the vast majority of their users do not have problems . When faced with this argument , remember this fact : This morning , I read a post written on January 20th , 2004 , by the moderator of one of the Studio 8 user forums , in which he stated that there are only 9 -- count 'em , 9 -- negative Studio 8 reviews here on Amazon.com . This speaks for itself.And also be aware that , despite the fact that Studio 9 will be released next month , they are still issuing beta bug-fix releases for Studio 8 . Does this sound like a robust program ?
 Hello all , and thanks for saving me the money and frustration . I am in the process of waiting for my new Gateway computer to arrive . The salesperson at the store said Studio 8 was the best and easiest to use . He recommended it to me as a `` package '' for $ 99 . So , I said to add it . Now , after reading this review , I am calling the store and canceling this item . I ca n't believe most reviews are so horrendous . Why is this product even for sale ? If it crashes `` once '' , it is once too many . We do n't drive cars that have brakes fail `` once in a while '' . We do n't fly in planes more than once that fail.Isn ' t there a `` merchantability '' law that says an item must perform properly or it is subject to fines ? So , thanks for the help , and Pinnacle , if you are listening , which is pretty doubtful , you lost another customer because of these reviews . . Jeff
 I have never run into an apllication that just will not work before . It wo n't install properly and it wo n't uninstall at all . Save your money and find some other application to create your movies . This one is nothing but trouble and a waste of your time and your money . It does n't work out of the box and it wo n't work after the long upgrade that you have to download and install .
 I purchased Studio 8 back in November 2002 . I am a scuba diver and have tons of underwater video that I would love to turn into a colorful and musical DVD etc. but to date ... all I have from this program is defeat . This thing crashes when you least expect it , while rendering your masterpiece it just `` hangs up `` forever , and I have yet to burn a single DVD . I have telephonedsupport and waited 34 minutes -LRB- long distance -RRB- only to be disconnected . Emailed support and received replies 2 days later with a string of problem solvers not even related to my problem . I have followed instructions . I have downloaded every update and patch they offer to no avail . I have uninstalled and reinstalled . And slowly have come to the point that no matterwhat ... this is just too unstable , too many bugs , too little help to be worth all the grief I have gone thru . Does anyonemake a video editing program that works and leaves you sane?Too bad this really looked like fun when I bought it , and I have really tried to listen and do butPINNACLE WAKE UP AND FIX YOUR PROBLEMS!Save your money America , pass on Studio 8
 I 've been using Studio 8 for about 6 month 's now . It is so frustrating to have all that power in front of you and having only about 1/2 of it actually ever works . I guess what I 'm trying to say is if this software only did half of what it tries to do it would be a great package but , well , it does only do half ! The capture card that some bundles have with this software by Pinnacle only works with this program . No other program I 've tried can access it . So now I 'm stuck using this unreliable software to capture all of my video . I have repeatedly contacted Pinnacle for help . They do not even have the courtesy to answer . The bulletin board discussion groups are VERY helpful , really a must to use this program . What I can not figure out after reading hundreds of postings is how each person has experienced differing problems ? The incremental upgrades have n't helped at all . I have been forced to buy other programs to complete my projects . I have not yet found a complete package that can do it all . I may break down and buy Adobe Premiere -LRB- I did try the free download from Adobe and was not happy with the lack of good DVD burning support -RRB- . I can only recommend Studio 8 to those who are willing to wait , and wait , and hope Pinnacle will fix the numerous problems .
 Yes , I bought Studio 8 because PC Mag said it was great and the only reason I did n't give it 1 star is that it could and may be great , but it 's not there yet . I 'm running a Pentium 4 , 1.7 mHz , 512M RDRAM , WinXP and a storyline of more than 15-20 minutes brings the system to a crawl , I leave the room and hope that rendering will be complete when I return . I 've had problems using the CD burn software to make VCD 's ; have to make the MPEG then make the VCD using Roxio . I was planning on purchasing a DVD burner , but unless there is some reasonably priced software that can handle a 2-hour movie it is pointless . I 've used all the suggestions in the manual to try and get the program to run better with no success . The lite version that came with my firewire card -LRB- MGI Video Wave -RRB- runs much better than this program and I probably should have bought the full version of that program . For the price , this program is feature rich , but unless you 're more successful in getting this program to run faster , be prepared to spend long hours in front of your computer waiting for the hour glass to turn into an arrow .
 ... avoid this software . Spent hours rendering a 15 minute VCD using a P4 1.8 Mhz Dell . My computer is up to date and not a slow machine . I made a bunch of coasters as a final product . I have returned this for my money back . Look elsewhere !!!
 The Studio 8 upgrade will trash your computer if you are using Adaptec EZ CD -LRB- aka Roxio -RRB- . By the way , their MicroMV support does n't work yet despite what the marketing literature says -LRB- see their faq -RRB- . If you do n't believe me , spend some time on the pinnaclesys.com support discussion forums . Plenty of users , including myself , are having their computers trashed by the Studio 8 upgrade . The CD ROM drives disappear after the upgrade reboot , and to get them back you have to uninstall Adaptec -LRB- Roxio -RRB- and fudge the registry by hand . Again , do n't take my word for it , go read the discussion forums on Pinnacle 's web site .
 Pinnacle Studio 8 offers a great deal and for those fortunate enough to successfully install the software , it very well might . Unfortunately , this system is rife with problems . A ten-digit serial number is required for installation but an eleven-digit S/N is provided instead . This problem can be fixed if one is willing to work through the maze of troubleshooting tips at the Pinnacle website . Furthermore , we received an addendum with instructions to load a driver -LRB- as a fix -RRB- during the installation process . Going to the correct folder on the CD , I discovered that the driver does not exist . However , these are minor problems when compared to the damage that Studio has inflicted on a computer that is more than adequate to run Studio -LRB- according to Pinnacle 's system requirements -RRB- . The software is causing slowdowns and the machine to crash . Even uninstall will not fix the problem ! There are endless patches but none work . Tech support is almost non-existent . The most popular suggestion offered by Pinnacle seems to be to upgrade to a different version but as this requires spending additional money on a proven failure I see no reason to throw good money after bad . It has been a $ 100 waste with the further frustration of troubleshooting the damage caused by Studio 8 to Windows . Successful installation appears -LRB- according to others who have been more fortunate -RRB- to provide excellent results . But , given the large number of dissatisfied customers , including our own family , I would strongly discourage anyone from taking a chance on purchasing this software in the expectation that it will work .
 I have had some real problems with this software . And the customer service at Pinnacle is terrible ! The always tell you the same thing , `` Uninstall and re-install '' . When I would burn my finished product onto VCD , deleted scenes or something would blink in and throw my movie off sync . Talk about annoying ! I am sure there is software better than this out there . I am going to try Adobe Premier now and I hope I get the results from it that I need . * Mac users praise the computer gods for giving you Imovie !
 I bought version 7 and was thrilled by what the program would do and frustrated by it being so unstable and blowing itself out of memory all the time or freezing up . I foolishly thought that version 8 would be a more mature product with some stability . It is not . I also thought that running version 7 on the ME operating system was my problem , but version 8 on XP is just as bad . I thought dowloading the upgrades and patches for version 8 -LRB- which on my slow land line takes hours -RRB- would help . It did not . There is no way I will every spend the money to upgrade to version 9 , which I 'm sure will be the offered solution to the problems . I have n't seen any improvement whatsoever from 7 to 8 , so I ca n't see why I would expect any with version 9 . I have a 4.6 Ghz processer , 512Mb ram , a 111Gb hard disk and am running it under Windows XP Professional . I close any and all programs that are in memory when I run this program . Nothing I do seems to matter . It will dissapear from memory as often as every couple of minutes , especially when editing.This is just the stablity of the program.I also found a lot of things I think would be common tasks , very difficult to find in the manual or the help screens . Things like combining two clips , I would think would be a simple drag and drop or some obvious menu choice , but I had to read the manual for some time to figure it out.I found it difficult to get back in and edit a menu . I now know how to do it quite simply , but it was not at all intuative and I spend literally hours figuring it out.I am a professional computer programmer . If I am frustrated , I ca n't imagine how frustrated other people who are less computer literate would be .
 I was told by a friend this was one of the best video editing software packages around ... little did i know what i was in for . The process of putting together the video was ok , it was pretty easy to learn -LRB- and i 'm no computer guru either -RRB- the frustrations came when i was trying to output these videos to some form of media . Occasionally it would let me record my videos back to my camcorder but the rendering process would take forever and most of the time it would lock up half way through . Burning to DVD 's ... ya right , i 've tried eveything . I 've had computer nerds even look at it and even they walk away with a few more gray hairs . So here i am , left with some great videos but no way to record them so i can actually see them . i put alot of time into these videos . So be leary if you are about to buy this software , this cost me many tears !!!
 Horrible program . In one week , I 've made one simple vcd . All other attempts have failed . Forget about adding audio to the cd . Never matches , skips audio , or puts in wrong place . I have NEVER purchased such a lousy piece of software . Had my niece try and work with program . She is a web designer for a software company . She could n't figure it out !!! Believe the reviews , do n't believe the Emmys.Their phone support is a complete joke . Waited 90 minutes , gave up.The company should be ashamed .
 If I could give this a 0 star , then I would . This is terrible . I do n't know how they won 8 Emmy awards . I had to re-install my whole operating system after I tried to `` un-install '' the program . It took everything with it . My files , my work , everything -LRB- I did have a backup -RRB- . Every time I tried to use it , it would say `` Pinnacle Expression has encountered a problem and it needs to close '' . I never got to use it , you know why ? Because , IT DOES NOT WORK !!!!! Do not waste your money on any of their products . I bought `` Video 2.0 Deluxe from `` Magix '' and I am making DVDs just fine now .
 I purchased Pinnacle Studio 8 and the Linx USB cable to capture a relative 's wedding as a gift , based on the excellent reviews I read in a PC magazine article . Although I was able to create a video CD of the wedding after about one month of hell , it was the most painstaking experience I 've ever had with any software . The bugs are endless , and the technical support is non-existent . Pinnacle expects their customers to offer each other support based on their own trial and error . I experienced intermittent software crashes -LRB- so I saved often -RRB- , aborted rendering after 99 % of the video was completed -LRB- this was apparently my fault for using too many dissolves , 3 total ! -RRB- , and glitches with audio/video being out of sync . With every software problem I overcame , I became more determined to complete the project . In the end I was extremely disappointed with the quality of the VCD that Studio 8 finally produced after all the time I had invested , as it was much poorer than the original filmed footage . Pinnacle explained that the Linx USB cable allows a maximum resolution that is about equal in quality to a VHS tape , which I accepted when I bought it , but it turned out much worse than this . Their new Moviebox USB , which replaces Linx USB in capability , supposedly offers twice the resolution , but I do n't trust that it will work any better from the negative reviews I 've read . Listen to the overwhelming number of unhappy customers and stay away from Pinnacle products . I paid about $ 150.00 for Studio 8 and the Linx USB cable , which I only used for the one project . I will look for an alternative and never use this software again . If I could give this product zero stars , I would . It has no redeeming features .
 It is overrated at 1 star . Seems -LRB- looking at reviews -RRB- it is hit and miss depending on your hardware and Pinnacle give absolutly no help . Stay away from it . Dont take a chance .
 This program worked well two times and then totally locked up and I ca n't burn any DVD on a powerful 120Gig machine.Do not buy .
 When I brought home Studio 8 I thought that I had found exactly the program I have been looking for to turn my old home movies into DVD showpieces.It loaded nicely and even downloaded the most recent version automatically from their web site . Unfortunately , this upgrade did n't work with another piece of software that also was on the disc . After a full day of research I learned how to upgrade the other software also and I was off and running.I spent the next week editing in the evenings with an occasional crash but with what I hoped would be a nice prjoject of about 1 hour of video with some music and many transitions.As I was nearing completion I tried to add a title and it would not add it without hanging up . Then I tried to burn a DVD with no luck . The project had become so unstable that I could n't do anything . I am not willing to put in the same amount of time to rebuild the project with the threat that I may not be able to burn it . Now I 'm shopping for some other software .
 I am sorry , I do n't know what the `` spotlight reviews are '' but this software , including the very latest `` fix '' just does n't work as advertised . pinnacle is lucky not to get a class action suit because a simple search on the web will show you that hundreds and hundres of users , including experts in dvd authoring find that this program almost always creates movies with audio out of synch with video , even on the most cutting edge fast pc 's . You will also see universal distain for the totally absent pinnacle `` tech support '' which will send you an identical form letter email NO MATTER what problem you have . Go ahead , go their site and send an email to support saying `` I have a problem with audio and video not synched . I guarantee you you will get a response that has nothing to do with this totally fatal problem in studio eight.So if you are a masocist ; if you want to make a copy of barney from a capture card and put it on a dvd ; or put a home movie from your top-of-the-line digital movie camera on dvd be my guest . after hours of work , and waste of any number of dvd recordable disks , you will write tech support . they will send a response nothing to do with your question . then spend a few DAYS getting someone on the phone by calling direct and insisting . tech support will tell you the problem is your captured material is no good . right , that is why EVERY single playing program from windows media player on down plays the original material in sych . yeah right.I have been using pc 's for 20 years . I have had my share of headaches and am always cautious about blaiming a software maker . but this product is a total rip-off . I do n't say that lightly.LAST , if you read here that someone says they installed the lates `` beta '' or `` fix '' and their synch problems are fixed , laugh it off . fixes for this problem come out every few weeks and a scan opf pinnacles web boards and other dvd authing forums show that these problems are more often made worse !
 If I were to listen to Pinnacle 's tech support , I would believe that I can not burn a disc of my movies because my computer is inadequate . That 's interesting as my computer conforms to all of the specifications listed in their manual . It 's not my computer ; it 's their program . It has never successfully burned a disc , generally crashing as it reaches the end of the `` rendering '' portion of the process . I have uninstalled/reinstalled many times and , after upgrading from Pinnacle 's website , the program wo n't even open .
 Ok - so my computer has plenty of HDD space -LRB- 100 GB -RRB- , 256 MB of RAM , a 1.7 GHz P4 CPU , a newer VIA chipset and runs win2K with the latest service pack and so on . Radeon Graphics for video and Turtle Beach Sound . I ca n't remember when an installed software crashed on it - that is - till I installed Studio 8 . You 'd think the latest bug fix -LRB- updating it to 8.5 -RRB- would have fixed the problems ? Read on ... Now the problems - where do I begin ? 1 -RRB- Installing the MP10 + analog capture card was a nightmare - till I swapped PCI slots - a day wasted .2 -RRB- When rendering , the software sometimes simply quits . Thats it . No message - Nothing . And rendering is not a breeze - so you can imagine the frustration .3 -RRB- For my second project , the software rendered partway and then stops -LRB- does not matter which codec I am using -RRB- . And this is a long continuing struggle . Since rendering is such a time consuming process , any experimentation takes a while . Deleting a couple of scenes in the beginning for example allows rendering to cross the point where it normally gets hung up - and then it continues on to the very end .4 -RRB- If I try to do Divx encoding of the videos , then the software does not work if I try to encode the audio in mp3 . It has to be kept in PCM format . While it gives you the mp3 option , there seems to be no way of specifying bit rates for example .5 -RRB- I am not sure that audio and video sync properly - because I can hear audio for a second or two after the video has ended .6 -RRB- Many of the buttons do n't have baloon help associated with them .7 -RRB- The interface is not standard windows interface - This means you will have to relearn buttons and icons . This is a very stupid thing to do - makes the learning curve steeper . Many times , the buttons are all over the place , instead of being bunched up in one place.The software sort of works , its relatively inexpensive , and includes a bunch of neat special effects transitions for free , I give it two stars . Else , I would have given it one .
 I bought this based on a positive experience with Pinnacle Studio DV . All I really wanted the software for was video capture and MPEG editing . It does n't do either , although it is supposed to . Besides locking up , not displaying video , etc. when it DID supposedly edit an MPG file the sound no longer matched up with the video!Believe ALL the bad reviews of this product . It is a complete waste of time and money . I will never purchase from Pinnacle again.Sincerely , Ken MillerTucson , AZBTW , my system is a Dell P4 running Windows 2000 with 756 MB memory , 2 120G drives , 32MB Nvidia Geforce2 MX
 Do n't buy it ! I bought and installed this product on a brand-new Pentium-IV 2.8 GHz computer from a well-known computer maker . From day-1 the software was unstable . There were frequent crashes . Nevertheless I continued on with it , attempting to create a DVD for a Christmas present . I did not get it done by Christmas . After I had created the movie and was ready to render it to a DVD , the real instability started . When I contacted Pinnacle for support , nearly their first request of me was to reinstall the Windows XP operating system , on the off-chance that it had not been properly put onto my computer by the manufacturer ! That was enough for me . I have many other applications on that computer , all of which run just fine . I 'm now looking for a replacement product with which I can finish my movie .
 I bought PS 8 primarely because it had received PC Magazine 's `` Editors Choice '' award . The author of the article describing PS 8 is Jan Ozer , the same person who wrote the Visual Quick Start Guide for PS 8 . Reviewers at amazon.com have rated Pinnacle Studio 8 to be 2 out of 5 stars , the web board at pinnaclesys is full of frustrated users who seems to have problems from anywhere not being able to launch the programm to crashes after hours of work , destroing their projects.This makes me wonder how impartial this author was when he wrote the review -LRB- and possible awarded it the `` Editor 's Choice '' award . -RRB- Why ? As a book author it 's important that you sell as many books as possible . If the book flops , it 's over for the author . So Jan Ozer had very well a reason to write a glowing review , knowing it may well increase sales of his book.This situation is especially concerning , because PC Magazine is the leading publication for computer users and many readers rely on the magazine 's judgement when it comes to purchasing hardware or software ...
 I agree with everyone of the reviews on Amazon . I have a brand new pc ; 2.8 GHz , 1 g of RAM , 200 + g hard drive , so on ... I mean you have read it all below , I do not have a Tandy 1000SL from 1988 . I am computer savvy , that is until I got this software . Do not get me wrong , I love Studio 8 ... on paper . In my computer it has created frustration , headaches , 3 computer format procedures , and 3 long projects -LRB- taken about a month of work -RRB- LOST . As one of the reviewers mentioned , if you do get the program to work , it is great . I can do some really neat things with my home video editing . The tools are easy to learn , except for the special FX -LRB- transitions -RRB- editor , what is that about ? Could not tell you because no documentation comes with it . Back to the great video editing , it will stay in your computer . At first I could not render to any format including -LRB- theoretically the simplest -RRB- back into the DV camera ... Then finally I was able to render only to MPEG format , only to have it wiped from my computer during a format , because I could not burn to a DVD , CD , or anything else I tried . So as the saying goes , when you fail try , and try again ... . I did , it rendered , but does not play on any DVD . So , after a year with this software , I have rendered to DVD only once -LRB- like the x-mas story , my gift is only about a year old as well , I feel you -RRB- , only to have the DVD not detected by all but one DVD player in my entire family . To give you an idea , that is everyone I know with a DVD player from Rochester , NY to Ponce , PR . Only one DVD player can read this stupid DVD movie , and of course it is the DVD player at my house which is older than bread . I am only comforted in the fact that I did not pay any $ for this nightmare . As far as solutions are concerned ... what solutions . Not even the technicians -LRB- if they can be called that -RRB- , can explain what they did to fix the machine ... . It -LRB- the computer -RRB- fixed itself -LRB- I got the first self-fixing computer on the market -RRB- so beat that . Would I recommend anyone to buy this product . Depends , if you have grandiose ideas , like I did when I got this ; to share with your family -LRB- spread thin across the eastern border and Puerto Rico -RRB- every waking moment of your first child 's life ... then NO . But , if your idea is to store your movies on your computer , and show them from your computer this product is great -LRB- You will not be affected by any tech problems if you choose not render your movie -RRB- . PS - Yes it will crash , many , many more times than Studio 7 . Sometimes just if the program is running while you are away for the computer . The only fix is to make sure that the program saves your projects automatically and often , that way when the inevitable and unfixable crash occurs you will not loose anything . Oh , by the way the really cool DVD menus ... forget about them , will not render , only crash .
 Studio 8 has much to recommend it conceptually . It is one of the most comprehensive video capture , editing , and burning programs , and it offers a user-friendly approach to all of these jobs . That is , it would be user-friendly if it worked reliably , but it is the `` buggiest '' program I have ever owned . One has only to read the `` forum '' on Pinnacle 's Web pages to discover some of the many flaws in the program . The version 8.0 that I purchased about a month ago has a new Beta revision that is numbered 8.5.20 . I am still using 8.5.18 , which I would not consider ready for Beta testing . The audio capabilities of this program were one of my reasons for purchasing it ; however , the version I am using was presented with a disclaimer acknowledging that audio was disabled in the new version , and this most recent Beta version does not purport to correct the problem.In the process of creating a one hour DVD , I experience - on average - 6 crashes . There are few internal error messages , however , that might suggest corrections.And worst of all , there is no voice support . There is , ostensibly , an e-mail support system . I received one response from them . That response was not useful , arrived too late in any case . The first response from their support pages , as well as the e-mail I received , is a string of suggestions about problems with other programs , the system , or the user . For a program in this price range and with this many bugs to offer no options - not even paid - for voice support is inexcusable.I strongly advise that no one purchase this program until these problems have been addressed .
 First of all . Are you wondering if you should buy Pinnacle -LRB- 8 or 9 , the same thing -RRB- ? Are you looking for a functional or at least friendly editing software ? I can give you the answer!STAY THE HELL AWAY FORM THIS TREMENDOUS CRAAAAP !!!! Pinnacle made me cry , and I 'm not joking or exagerating . It made me cry , when I lost my 43-min project when I 'd just reached half of it ... Also when I was doing the final render , and WITHOUT MY PERMISSION it 'd just change the audio tracks , turn one song into another , repeat video files I did n't even include -LRB- sometimes I was just wating for it to include video files I had n't even captured ! -RRB- , it goes wacko , crazy , mad , lunatic ... it 's frustrating . Not to mention all those times where I just layed too much of my trust on it , did n't saved every single thing I did and it 'd just crash and end itself.Why oh why , did I EVER thouhgt of buying this ? Please listen to me , listen to us all and do n't make the same mistake we did . DIE PINNACLE .
 Too bad I did n't read all these reviews before I bought this software ! I have a brand new Pentium 4 , 2.4 ghz processor , 256 MB ram . Bought the software , came home all excited about making a VCD ... hours later I finally figured out how to make it capture some video . The program takes forever to open , to the point that I ca n't tell if it 's still loading or if it 's frozen and I should reboot . Same problem after clicking the button to start the rastering process . Took me 2 days to create a 10 minute VCD , but at least it worked ... that time.Now , I 'm trying to create a 5 minute movie of wrestling highlights , and the software acts as if I 'm trying to create a 5 hour movie . I 've been working with it for 4 days now , and still no go . And now , my other programs have started crashing.What a lovely -LRB- ha !! -RRB- piece of software ! Your money would be well spent on almost ANYTHING else !
 The title says it all ... I tried for over a year to get past the significant bugs that Pinnacle Studio has . I made a personal list of `` workarounds '' for myself , gathered through Pinnacle 's own User Web boards to get past the software bugs that I experienced . I was a `` Studio-holic '' and hoped that someday it would work flawlessly . After several patches , hoping the moon was in the right position , and tossing salt over my shoulder , I finally gave up . While Studio is very intuitive , and `` IF '' it did all it claims to do , `` WITHOUT PROBLEMS '' , it would take the market by storm and be the NLE leader ! It has the `` potential '' to be the very best , but the excessive software bugs far outnumber the positives . It is NOT worth the trouble.I recently moved to Sony 's ScreenBlast Movie Studio 3 , and it works just fine . The problems I had in Studio DO NOT exist in ScreenBlast . Pinnacle Support will tell you to stop all background processes , re-install , etc , but after you do that the problems still exist , IF you could even get their Support group to really help you . ScreenBlast is slightly more challenging to learn but definitely worth the effort . I 'll admit , ScreenBlast 's DVD Authoring leaves much to be desired , and you will need to look at alternatives . But , it is still WORTH GETTING SCREENBLAST!It is easy to see for yourself . Check out the Studio message boards and you will find mostly Users complaining about problems and asking for help . Then check out the ScreenBlast message boards and you will find mostly Users looking for creative ideas . A very different tone.Pinnacle will say that the Support Boards are for people having problems , but you must decide for yourself . Review Studio 's message boards , then review ScreenBlast 's message boards . The decision is yours.My time after moving to ScreenBlast is now spent in creative editing , not in Studio 's `` workarounds '' . Happy editing !
 This software is not worthy of the single star minimum offered by Amazon reviews . Having been a computer professional for 35 years , I 'm thoroughly disgusted with myself for buying this piece of trash ! I wish I had paid attention to these reviews beforehand . I 've installed Pinnacle MovieBOX USB and Studio Version 8 on a Dell 3.2 GHz HT system with 2GB memory , 2 120GB disk drives . Nothing is good enough for this piece of trash . I have NEVER completed burning a DVD ! The menus do n't work right , are hard to understand , and options appear/disappear . The Help functions are often cryptic and do n't match what the menus do . The software has never run to completion - always abruptly stops with a System Error before finishing . I have not yet produced a finished product after spending countless hours working at it . What a total waste of my time and money . This product offers a lot and delivers nothing . RUN ! Run as far away from this piece of trash as you can ! It is not worthy of one cent of your money ! There is NO redeeming value in this product . Having been in this business so long , I figured the reviews were from inexperienced naysayers who did n't know what they 're doing . I apologize to all of your for my arrogance ! You were right !
 They should sell a program with less features and is more reliable than having the public work out their bugs for them . How are they able to get away with selling junk ?
 I was thrilled with this program ... UNTIL ... I used it for any length of time . The short review
 I 've used Pinnacle Studio products for 5 years and have always upgraded when they send me the offers . This year I spent -LSB- money -RSB- to upgrade to ver 8 . What a mistake . First off , it seems that the `` Special offer '' made to Pinnacle customers is a bunch of bull . You can buy the full version for what I spent for the upgrade . Secondly , this product is terrible . Read the Pinnacle message boards on their website . You will see hundreds of complaints from consumers on this product . All are having similar issues and Pinnacle offers little or no help . Pinnacle must have decided to beta test this on us ... their once loyal customers . This software is so buggy that on some systems it wo n't even render . I upgraded my system to a new 2.6 Ghz Dell with a gig of ram before I wrote this review just to be sure that it was n't the system . I have been a loyal Pinnacle user and have sent * many * people to Pinnacle to buy their products . Well , I 'm done with them and will no longer be a voice for them . They have shown no concern for the problems and we 're going on 6 months this product has been out . They have fixed exactly * non * of the recurring problems . Like I said ... read the message boards on their website and then see if you feel confortable buying this .
 When I purchased an HP 2ghz P4 with a 200GB drive last year , I did it with the intention of editing video from my DV camera . So I was delighted to see that Pinnacle Studo was bundled with the PC . As I put together together several 10-15 minute videos , I was pleased to see I could easily import photos and mix them with video clips as well as insert music and transtions . The interface was a snap to use -- easy to understand and very flexible.After a month of noodling around with these videos , I was finally ready to render them to MPEG to burn them on a DVD . That 's when things literally came crashing to a halt . Despite using a PC that 's more than powerful enough for the job , every time I tried to render to MPEG , Studio would hang.After years of being taught by the likes of Microsoft how to be self-sufficient when it comes to working around software issues that should have been fixed during beta testing , I went online to the Pinnacle web site to see what they 'd suggest . After not being able to download a manual -LRB- corrupt zip file -RRB- , I browsed the `` Knowledge '' area of the support section . No luck . I then dutifully submitted an email question to Support and waited.The reply was sad -- links to four Knowledge postings having nothing to do with my problem and a suggestion that I look for help on their public message board.When I did I was stunned . The `` Make Movie '' rendering problem I was having that missing in action in the support area of their web site was generating hundreds of postings on their message board!Evidently , this is a huge problem for Pinnacle and one that they have n't been able to effectively address . Meanwhile , as I browsed the messages I saw dozens of other postings from frustrated users on issues ranging from DVD burning mishaps to issues with adding music.The bottom line is that creating movies with this product is a pleasure . It 's fast , easy , powerful and fun . But if you ca n't get the videos out of your PC onto a DVD or tape , it 's useless.Too bad . There 's a real need for a flexible , inexpensive PC-based video editing solution like this . But for now , the only place you 'll find editing software that 's cheap , powerful , easy to use , and RELIABLE is iLife on the Apple MacIntosh platform .
 This product has more bugs then a tropical forest . Whats worse is their technical support department . They are the most user unfriendly department I have ever encountered . Do not buy this product .
 The program does n't work well at all and the customer support is completly worthless and rude .
 I requested a trial version of Studio 8 from Pinnacle . While I like the ease of use of the product , I wanted one key feature which does not seem to be supported -- ability to use MP3 files from my music library . I have been conversing with tech support at Pinnacle , and it appears that Pinnacle 's claim that it can import MP3 's is innacurate . I have been unable to import MP3 files created from either Real Networks RealOne player , or from the plug-in link provided by Windows Media Player -LRB- XP -RRB- . Apparently , they record MP3 's with ` non-standard ' tags . The techs -LRB- 2 seperate ones -RRB- would not provide me with the name of any programs which could record MP3 's that Studio 8 would recognize .
 Do not think that you can reliably produce video DVD 's with this software !! On those rare occasions when your project is successfully rendered , compiled and actually burned to disc , you still do not get what you set up . Studio 8 's new DVD authoring software is deeply flawed .
 If this software actually performed as designed , it would be a wonderful value . It 's very easy to edit video , the tools are intuitive , and the interface is well designed . There 's only one problem . It does n't work . I have struggled with this software for almost a year , and I 've tried all of the on-line updates -LRB- beta and general release -RRB- , but each one fails to reliably generate a DVD , VCD , or even a complete MPEG-2 file . And I 'm talking about 5-10 minute videos ! -LRB- I have a Dell 8200 with a 1.7 GHz P4/768MB/160GB , running Win2K , so I 'm not platform constrained . Adobe Premiere and AfterEffects run flawlessly . -RRB- Do n't buy this software . I have wasted more time struggling with this software than editing video , and that 's a lousy way to pursue a hobby !
 I found the interface hard to use . Some functions are buggy causing the software to crash and others dont work.I was notified to upgrade to version 8.10.1 , which resulted in unable to write DVD 's . I was told by customer support that some computers have this problem with this release -LRB- I have a Dell pc and a Sony DVD writer , how vanilla can it get ??? -RRB- and was in formed I should uninstall the upgrade and reinstall a previous release.I do n't think so . Bye bye Pinnacle Studio 8 , I will take my editing somewhere else.By the way , this company must `` seed '' online reviews , because I have never seen such a disconnect between the hype around this product and how poorly the actual product works .
 I have never encountered such an unstable program of any kind before . The crashes are not even consistent in terms of what causes them . Performing the exact same steps over and over again results in different program responses from lost scenes , to total hang ups , to almost working OK etc. . The features and price would be great if this program worked.For a major software house and a big player in the video editing field , Pinnacle should be ashamed of the implimentation if this program . If they had any decent corporate morals or ethics , they would pull this program off the shelves until it worked and offer its current users a free upgrade to the working version.Until there is a working version of this program , DO N'T BUT IT !
 Hi there , straight to the point , this software is not worth a penny ... takes so long , I 've even upgraded my computer with more memory , and dual processor , and still this program will not budge , spend your money elsewhere ... thats where I 'm going ...
 While you can ah ... sorta edit ... Video capture lags badly . When I say this let me also say that my machine is an Athlon64 3100 + with 512MB DDR 400 , ATI 9600 128MB video -LRB- How I got the software -RRB- 250gig 7200 ata 133 drive and it has done nothing but drop frames faster that it gets 'em ... Yeah I have went thru all of the settings blah DMA blah defragement blah etc. ... so when I transfer to DVD from VHS AND after waiting for the -LRB- Choke -RRB- render -LRB- like 3 hrs -RRB- well ... jerky video on DVD is what I end up with ... Lets face it , pinnacle is crap ... I am just glad that I did not have to purchase the software ... Sure would like to know of somthing that actually works ...
 PS8 does n't seem to want to import DivX files , which is a fatal flaw for those of us who download material in the DivX -LRB- AVI -RRB- format off the Internet.I have had luck with Movie Factory 2 so far , but their technical support is nonexistent as well .
 After successfully using versions 6 and 7 of this program , I bought Studio 8 but was severely disappointed . One of the primary features , the title program , will not work . I tried every tip Pinnacle 's tech help suggested , but none solved the problem . Pinnacle 's response was , in effect , `` it 's your fault . '' Before you buy the program , make sure you can return it for a refund if not satisfied .
 As with others here , it has a great design , and features , but is very very buggy , and overly slow . It often hangs , repeatedly , and gets things wrong ; requiring a start over.Their customer support is very poor , and not helpful . Their huge customer forums are possibly helpful , but they must not monitor them , as they are full of bug reports !
 The most unstable program I use . Works nicely when it does n't crash . Seems to work fairly well with short projects -LRB- say , less than 1/2 hour -RRB- then starts falling apart with longer ones .
 Do n't buy this piece of junk . This is the worst video/audio editing software I have ever used . Program freezes up and locks PC REGULARLY . No easy interface that makes any sense . One suggestion - DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 This product is packed full of features -- transitions , effects , titles etc. . I wish it worked , but it is VERY unstable . The title editor and the DVD menu editor make the entire program crash whenever I opened them up . The program would also just close sporadically . I paid over $ 100 for this and Hollywood FX and I ca n't use either . Customer support does n't offer much in the way of solutions either -- I have contacted them 4 times now and I 'm still stuck with a very buggy program . Check out Roxio Movie Creator for a basic , easy video editing program . For a program that offers you more control , Video Explosion is awesome and packed full of features just like Studio 8 -- plus its very stable .
 At first this progam looked pretty fancy with all this Oscar hype they put out . After using it for a couple days I began to think how any professional could put up with any of the bugs and how inconsistent this program works .1 -RRB- Capture - If you set the Quality of video to best , the program tells you that you have a certain amount of time for recording . This time is extremely inaccurate . The movie stops recording after 2 minutes and the program never tells you it stopped . -LRB- although you might notice that your disk free space never changes after a while - no that is not a bug -RRB- 2 -RRB- Editing - program always crashing while moving scenes around . When I load a saved project , it takes about 10 min until it comes up with my project -LRB- I have an AMD 2100 with a G4 TI 4200 video card and plenty of memory -RRB- . Sometimes I seem to even lose some of my edited menus and presenting frames .3 -RRB- Editing Menus - If you edit one of the pre-available menus and forgett to change the name of the menu , the program locks up . Hopefully you saved your work or you may have some problems .4 -RRB- Create disk - So far , the first disk I made seemed fine until later in the movie . The movie froze and I could only hear audio . 2nd DVD it misburned the first disk . I exited Pinnacle Studio 8.5 and the program did not save my settings I had left . When re-entering Pinnacle Studio , and again trying to create a disc -LRB- I 'm already out 2 bucks -RRB- it started to render over my previously rendered video . Well there 's another 4 hours out of my day.All-in-all , if you do n't have the time or you do n't like your time wasted , do n't bother !!
 So many hours spent . So much time on hold . So many minutes waiting for patches to download . So much WASTED TIME . ... US it would certainly be worth the money . However , if you can get even 20 % of you movie making efforts to be realized onto either CD/DVD or even just rendered into a viable movie format -LRB- say something very demanding like ... MPG ! -LSB- lol -RSB- -RRB- then you 're doing better than I.I have a plain vanilla PC ; Intel CPU -LRB- 1.8 GHz -RRB- and motherboard -LRB- 815-based -RRB- and a fair amount of RAM -LRB- 512MB -RRB- . All of these far exceed the requirements . PLUS I have a fast 7200RPM hard drive with 60 + GB free and it has a 8MB cache on it . ... - I thought it would at least be fair for DV editing . Do n't fool yourself - I doubt there is a PC in existance that can run this program without it locking up , rebooting the PC or simply mysteriously failing -LRB- seems to be working , but never does - even after waiting 40hours to render 20mins of video -RRB- . SAVE YOUR MONEY , SAVE YOUR TIME . Leave this stinker alone .
 The program is great to capture and edit . Actually the titles are a little bit tricky , but still easy if you are in the right mode . BUT , can I create a movie , no . I was able to burn a DVD before I put in transistions , a menu and most of the titles . Of course the DVD I did burn stopped working half way through watching it . Now when I try to create a DVD it just seems to be working properly then states `` failed to compile disc . '' No other reason or error or anything pointing to the problem . Support is as close to non existant even across the internet as it seems that no one has been able to figure out any of these `` bugs '' . Do n't spend your money or your time . I have spent too many hours jsut trying to create a project with no hopes at this point for success.If only I could grab a hold of someone a Pinnacle and start shaking them - this program is just too frustrating ... stay away .
 I feel I was ripped off and violated by buying this junk software.Even with the help of tech support we could not capture video without dropping frames.I purchased Videowave 5 and am now capturing without dropping frames .
 do NOT buy this crap from Pinnacle ! Studio 8 -LRB- CD version 8.4 -RRB- crashed when I tried to add . wav audio files to video timeline . Tried to get latest patch from Pinnacle support web site but Studio 8 updates ARE NO LONGER AVAILABLE there !! Downloaded update -LRB- version 8.12 -RRB- from a mirror -LRB- ? -RRB- site which totally hosed the app . I un-installed then re-installed from CD but when I launched the app , I got error saying a problem with licensing and to re-install . Did re-install 3 times but app still will not run due to `` licensing problem '' . DO NOT BUY THIS LOUSY CRAP OR ANY OTHER CRAP FROM PINNACLE !!
 If you bought this for someone as a Christmas gift , return it ! I 'd rather be given a lump of coal ! They will hate it and you associate this unusable garbage with you every time they try to use it . It 's been almost 6 months since I first encountered the audio out-of-sync problem when I bought it , and the problem is still not resolved . It has affected roughly 90 % of its customers . Yet Pinnacle has no problem continuing to sell its Studio 8 line . It is rather disgusting that this company has no conscience in marketing their defective software just to make Wall Street 's profit estimates and enrich themselves with stock options . Go to their forums at pinnaclesys.com and read what others say about this product before wasting your money AND LOTS OF TIME struggling with this defective product .
 2 words
 Underneath all this fancy packaging , is a satanic soul reaver that will suck the very essence of time itself right out from under you.example - I spent 7 HOURS capturing and editing a FOUR MINUTE video , and just as I was about to save it to my computer , Studio 8.5 decided it had to shut down , and it deleted all of my work without saving jack . The few times I did actualy get a couple of things burned onto DVD , the picture was pixalated that it looked like I downloaded them off the ... net . Anyone who gives this ... a good review is either working for Pinnacle , or they are working for the Devil -LRB- maybe both -RRB- . I do not jest .
 I have a P4 , 3.06 Gig , 2 200 Gig HDs -LRB- 1 devoted to just videos -RRB- , with 1.5 gigs of memory . The program is slower than it 's peers , and fails to render regularly . The answer by the software department is to use DVD RW media instead of R media -LRB- and not all DVDs can accept RW media -RRB- , and then preformat the media in Nero or another disk burning software before using theirs . If you visit the website , the most current patch is 8.5 ish , and the current beta is 8.7 . Read the forums of the frustrations the users are having , they 're basically identical . Version 7 was so strong , with the only downside was that you had to make titles outside the program . I ca n't believe bundling that function inside -LRB- which is what was done in version 8 -RRB- really creates that many problems.Other than the burn problems , it does suffer from slow rendering problems as compared to others . Great Article about 2 months ago in PC World comparing the software to others , and they also noted its the slowest render time of the bunch.If you want highend looking videos , this is a good product to use if you can live with RW media rather than R . If you just want to take the home videos and put them on a DVD without all the fancy transitions , titles , fades , etc. then I 'd used another program .
 After using products from ULead , Sonic , Microsoft -LRB- MovieMaker 2 -RRB- , and now Pinnacle -LRB- Studio 8 with updated patches -RRB- I have come to the conclusion that there are no options for affordable and reliable DV editing at this point . Studio 8 is the best in terms of features , but is unpredictably buggy -LRB- especially at the rendering and burning stages -RRB- . I have completed ~ 10 full DVD projects to date , and have experienced every type of bug
 I will never purchase a Pinnacle product after using Pinnacle Studio 8 . Like someone else 's review said , unless you are doing the simplest of projects , get a different piece of software , because the hours you will spend trying to get this piece of garbage to work will cost you more than ten times the purchase price of a good program . Menus are darn near impossible to get to work correctly . Rendering is not only slow , but 9 times out of 10 stops in random spots . 75 % of the time on a project longer than 10 minutes the DVD burn will fail and you 've wasted a disc and the 10 hours it took to compile it all . This , of course , is if you can get through a project without the program freezing altogether . Then Pinnacle has the gall to try to get you to upgrade to a new version that fixes `` SOME of the bugs '' . From reviews of version 9/9 .1 , they are just as bad . NO THANKS !
 Pinnacle was highly rated and my first experience was great . However , that is where it stops . I bought an upgrade and have gone through hell ever since even after reverting to the earlier version . My experience , after the upgrade , produced a workable video of footage edited from three cameras and soundtracks in about 4 hours . During the rendering process I destroyed , one DVD burner purchased another and question what is now happening to it . It took nearly 2 months to produce the first workable DVD from this video -LRB- a wedding for a friend -RRB- . The final DVD 's do not play on any DVD player except a computer ; in fact , the DVD 's have created some sort of problem with my DVD player because while attempting to play the DVD , the player continuously shuts off.This is by far the WORST software package and tech support I have ever experienced over the 15 years of purchasing software . My experience is a near exact copy of that experienced by others as outlined in their reviews . To add insult to injury Pinnacle refuses to carry out direct dialogues with their customers and instead hides behind a curtain of web search routines . I have no interest in their -LRB- if ever -RRB- next upgrade . I can not afford the time to experiment . In the meantime I have completely -LRB- I think ? -RRB- removed Pinnacle from my computer -LRB- for the 3rd time , but this time permanently -RRB- and will purchase something else .
 Do NOT bother with Studio 8 . Even if you have the most advanced system you will und up with totally unusable final projects.Pinnacle has refused to even deal with the fact that 90 % of users - including people who from their questions show they are highly advanced with advanced hardware as well -- can not get audio and video synchronized . This is a fatal falw and makes studio 8 worthless!Studio 9 is coming in Jan/Feb . My advice ... wait and check amazon reviews for thosw who know what they are talking about .
 I have struggled with this system for a couple of months now . I have reprogramed my hard drive and contacted the support for Pinnacle many times . I can not believe how much money I have wasted on DVDs that have to be thrown away . You get one issue partially resolved only to have another pop up . If you really want to make DVDs , then buy a DVD recorder and hook it to your TV . This is a waste of time and money .
 I bought the Pinnacle MovieBox USB which came with Studio 8 . The device has been making grinding noises after only 10 uses , and there are major bugs with Studio 8 software which render it useless . And most importantly , Pinnacle DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY SUPPORT ! They only have user forums -LRB- which I suggest you read first -RRB- . If you do n't believe me , just try finding a technical support phone # or e-mail address ! The most blatant problem which has been outstanding since I purchased it is the `` OOS '' -LRB- audio out of sync -RRB- , which makes the sound of any DVD you create a few seconds ahead or behind of the actual video . There is NOTHING you can do to fix the problem except hope it does n't happen to you -LRB- usually for vids over 1 hour -RRB- . The second biggest problem is the PC freezing every 30 seconds -LRB- and hitting CTRL-ALT-DEL does n't work - only physically shutting off PC -RRB- . And you lose all your edits ! I do n't know what else is out there -LRB- avoid Dazzle , but Canopus or Asus ? -RRB- , but this was a $ 200 bust for me . BTW , I have a top-of-the-line PC . Before you buy any capture devices/software , you should have a fast CPU , lost of RAM , at least firewire or USB 2 , and a large and fast hard drive -LRB- pref . 2 -RRB- . Otherwise , you 'll have choppy video .
 Do n't buy it . My kids will probably all gratuate from college before I can get a DVD project completed with this software . It is a lemon . It has awesome features , which makes the experience all the more bitter . You think you 've created a masterpiece , and then some software bug corrupts your project and makes a DVD unproducable . It 'll fail you when you most need it.If Pinnacle ever gets their act together , I 'll revise this review . But for now , I 'd give it negative stars if I could .
 When making or burning a DVD , Pinnacle first renders the video -LRB- one hour of video takes about five hours -RRB- - second compiles the video and - third -LRB- if you want a DVD -RRB- burns the video . Here is the problem -- after rendering for five hours -- you get an fatal error message a few seconds after compiling begins . Attempting to compile again requires - first - another five hours of rendering.I tried to make a 2 minute DVD . Still had an error message during compiling.HERE IS THE MAIN PROBLEM -- Go to Pinnacle 's support web site . Support had not provided me any response in over two weeks . Next go to Pinncacle 's discussion site . The compiling problem is extremly common , and still Pinnacle has no solutions.I downloaded the latest -LRB- beta -RRB- version of Pinnacle 8 , and that did not help.It is one thing for a new product to have bugs . But it something else when the problem is very common and Pinnacle can not or will not provide any solutions.MY ADVICE -- DO NOT PURCHASE !
 The concept of this product is the same as past pinnacle product pctv . This older product works on my old PC and needs Hours to compile a 15 minutes movie but it works.On my new PC , that is very powerful , i am still trying to use STUDIO 8 version 8.3.18 . My first problem
 I 'm a Studio 7 user and I like it even when it eventually crashes . I bought Studio 8 because of the new and nice features but I ca n't create a SVCD or a DVD because after many hours rendering it just stops working ! After days of trying everything thinking I did something wrong , I called tech support , which is a long distance call and after a 40 minutes wait they just did n't know how to help me . I just ca n't use this product at all after so many hours of work creating my project !! I 'm gon na have to uninstall this product and look somewhere else . This Studio 8 experience was a waste of time and money ...
 I bought this program for use with my digital camcorder and with my TV capture card . It did n't work with my capture card so I e-mailed them to ask if they planned on supporting my card and if not which cards they did support . They respond by telling me that they are n't going to support my card but they did n't bother telling me which cards did work . I replied asking them to please tell me which cards it worked with and further complaints about it hanging when I tried to save a movie . After waiting several days I get the response , `` We 're glad to here that Studio 8 is working for you . We now consider this case closed . '' The program does n't work well at all and the customer support is completly worthless and rude .
 I received this software free with an ATI video card , and frankly , it 's not worth that . The user interface and what you are supposed to be able to do ith it are all very good concepts . A neat product . However , if you plan on putting together anything longer than a few minutes worth of clips , this software does n't seem to be able to handle it . we have about 18 minutes worth of videos , pictures , transitions , titles , etc. . Most of the time the sound does n't work at all . Sometimes the vide sound works , but not the background music . Sometimes it all works . We chopped our project into 8 `` sub '' projects , and the sound is working somewhat reliably again . We tried burning the project to a disc , but it crashed 10 seconds or so into the process every time . a patch seems to have addressed that , but now we are trying to figure out how to make a single DVD -LRB- based off of a single menu -RRB- with the 8 sub projects we are stuck with since the one big project will not work properly . Sadly , like most retail software these days - this seems to be a pretty good idea that had aboslutely no quality control whatsoever . As a computer programmer who works with lots of digital images/photoshop - I know my PC has the horespower - this software just does n't work very well . This is the type of software that frustrates many computer users - when a program is supposed to do something and it simply does n't . Or , sometimes it does , and sometimes it doesn . Or , sometimes it does a little bit and sometimes ... I 've read that most video software at this price level is simlar , but I certainly will not pay for a pinnacle product after this experience . Hopefully there is something more reliable out there .
 To begin with , I absolutely love this program ... if it would only work for what I want to do . It captures my video/audio from an analog source quite well for analog . After editing I was able to output back to tape with outstanding quality . I agree it is slow , but if you have a newer computer -LRB- over 2 Ghz -RRB- it does n't run that bad . BUT if you want to create DVD 's , I would not recommend this program . I like all the options you get with the menus , you can basically create them any way you want along with rearanging the buttons to anywhere on the screen -LRB- a feature I can not find in any other program -RRB- , but somewhere during the rendering process the audio falls about 30 seconds behind the video , leaving you with a bad DVD . I have tried maybe 10 programs now , none of which work the way I want , so maybe its just a problem I 'm having but its a brand new computer so I do n't think so . Technical Support is a little slow over e-mail , but they do help you out . Everything they suggested did n't work and I noticed that after my last response my case got marked `` Unresolved '' and I never got a response . My guess - they do n't know either . If you want to give this program a try - go ahead , but be aware it may not work .
 I thought I was the problem with this software until I read other reviews . I would rate it - star . It takes for ever to render a DVD and then if the DVD takes more than 2.5 hours it crashes . Tech support does not exist ! My advise forget it .
 I love the interface , but it really trashes your system if you are using Roxio/Adaptec Easy CD creator . After I installed the software and re-started my laptop , my CD/DVD burner was gone and I had to spend many hours to get it back . If you are planning to create output to a CD/DVD and have adaptec/Roxio drive , do n't buy this product . If you are planning to just create . avi and share it on the net , this is great -LRB- UI -RRB- in terms of low cost editing software .
 This is , without question , the worst lemon of a product I have ever had the misfortune to use . Many users will not even be able to start the software right out of the box without first downloading patches from Pinnacle 's web site . Other buggy behavior is already described by previous reviewers , so I 'll only mention a couple of its most heinous crimes
 I actually would really like this program as it is powerful , easy to use , amd full of features . The big downside is that the program is so buggy that you can not reliably use it . Have used the software from the first release up to the current patch . Sometimes the progream will just close without a warning , mostly you get the ` semd error report ? ' window . I have used the program on different PC 's and always the same effect . Uleasd Video Studio 7 is much more stable , but also not perfect .
 This product worked as advertised it would be a terrific program.A few of the problems experienced when using this program are dropped audio when burning a DVD , unexpected pauses and freezingup while editing , rendering a project for DVD burning takes hours not minutes . As a result , a -LSB- $ -RSB- blank DVD does not turn out as expected after it is burned . It is unfortunate that you have to buy the program before you can get on to the tech support web-site to find all of the problems that users are experiencing . Thought maybe my computer was not up to snuff , but it meets all of the required horsepower to operate program and after visiting the FAQ many users are having the same problems . I would not buy this product until it operates as advertised . My Advice
 Over and over I 've worked , studied , upgraded , optimized , tweaked and sworn at Pinnacle Studio 8 ! No support , lots of crashes , and no finished discs ! Not even a rendered image file ! Junk program . A coaster . I 've had it . Windows Movie Maker runs circles around it ! Anyone know the CEO 's address ? I 've got a litte package I 'd like to send him/her . A junk program he/she does n't even offer support for any longer .
 Here is a summary
 Pinnacle Studio 8 offers a great deal and for those fortunate enough to successfully install the software , it very well might . Unfortunately , this system is rife with problems . A ten-digit serial number is required for installation but an eleven-digit S/N is provided instead . This problem can be fixed if one is willing to work through the maze of troubleshooting tips at the Pinnacle website . Furthermore , we received an addendum with instructions to load a driver -LRB- as a fix -RRB- during the installation process . Going to the correct folder on the CD , I discovered that the driver does not exist . However , these are minor problems when compared to the damage that Studio has inflicted on a computer that is more than adequate to run Studio -LRB- according to Pinnacle 's system requirements -RRB- . The software is causing slowdowns and the machine to crash . Even uninstall will not fix the problem ! There are endless patches but none work . Tech support is almost non-existent . The most popular suggestion offered by Pinnacle seems to be to upgrade to a different version but as this requires spending additional money on a proven failure I see no reason to throw good money after bad . It has been a $ 100 waste with the further frustration of troubleshooting the damage caused by Studio 8 to Windows . Successful installation appears -LRB- according to others who have been more fortunate -RRB- to provide excellent results . But , given the large number of dissatisfied customers , including our own family , I would strongly discourage anyone from taking a chance on purchasing this software in the expectation that it will work .
 We 've had this software for about a year , and have had a problem with capturing A/V files . We get weird chromo-bursts every so often . That 's easily dealt with by using VirtualDub to delete them . But , when we went to try to make a DVD , we had numerous problems . The software did n't want to write to the DVD . The sound did n't synch up with the video , so it sounded like an old Godzilla movie ! This was absolutely worthless ! I 'm about ready to rip this out and run over it with my car . Avoid Pinnacle products like the plague .
 I have to say , the program is great , IF it did not crash every 5 minutes . I am VERY disappointed by the manufacture for having so many bugs in one product . Their QA department is clearly missing something . For instance , I buy the software and do the first patch update . Then , update another one and it crashes and burns . Then , 2 days later the manufacturer releases ANOTHER patch for the patch 3 days prior that still does not solve the problem . Pass on this product , it will save you 5 years of your life in frustration alone .
 This program is the worst program ever ! It crashes more often than it works , it 's very slow , and the support does not respond half the time . I wish I would 've looked into it more . It is a waste of money . It does n't even deserve 1 star ! Do n't buy this !
 The program will not recognize my DVD burner , instructions as useless and support is non-existent . I am not a computer neophyte ; my only conclusion is that people who find this product works for them have just landed in the correct statistical bucket.Advice ; do n't waste your time .
 I used this product to sucessfully convert a VHS family video -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- to DVD . It turned out great . However , I have a problem with burning multiple DVD 's . Talking to others and looking at the support site found others -LRB- though not all -RRB- had seen the similiar problems . So when I contacted tech support for help , I was expected some intelligent answers to my queries . Instead all I get is repeated canned answers . And what is more maddening is that the canned answers are coming from real people not a computer . Apparently each class of question has a canned answer that they shoot back at you and the answer generally seems to be `` reload the software '' . If everything works ok for you then you 'll probably be happy . If you have any problems expect to get very frustrated with the support .
 i have made 6 photo slide show dvds that included music and transitions . Friends love them as gifts . However , once i burn them - that 's it . The shows are then gone - either blacked out or just wont open . I just spent 4 hours working on the my lastet snow trip . I went to burn and it said that my movies werent referenced ?? Then i restarted my computer only to find that my show will now not open . im in search of a new software !
 First off I have a Sony Vio Digital Studio computer 2.66 ghz Pentium 4 with 512 ddr ram , so I know its not my computer or my dads pentium 4 hyper thread 3.0 ghz with 2 ghz rdram causing the problems . First off this software has tons of nice features , too bad it doesnt burn any more than 7 seconds to a disc , O.K. well I will just edit my mpeg2 file and export it and use a different burning software . Roxio 6 start burning -LRB- error -RRB- well mabe Nero 6 Ultra will work start burning -LRB- error -RRB- . To sum it up too many bugs in the software dont buy unless you want to waste money . Also if you are looking for a great video editing software to edit the comercials , add sound , and transitions and many other features to your video files get honestech video editor 5 its the best editor I have ever used , its quick easy and cheap .
 I must say that when this program works correctly it 's great . But that 's the problem ... it does not always work correctly . Pinnacle Studio 8 is extremely buggy . Sometimes it works ... sometimes it does n't . I have a very powerful computer and it makes no difference . Pinnacle support is worthless . Pinnacle has a huge support forum because the product is so bad . They need the support forum because the support guys do n't have a clue and they are continually releasing patches to try to fix the problems . Save your money and do n't buy this product .
 I have not been happy with this product . One good feature is the unique titles . Overall I perfer to use Windows Movie Maker that I downloaded from Microsoft.com for free . With that I purchased Microsoft Plus ! Media Edition . I wanted to put some Mp3 files on a movie I made with this and I could n't find a way to do that . I would not recomend this program to anyone .
 I purchased the Studio Deluxe Version 8 with capture card , blue box , etc. . I have a VPX computer with Win Xp , Intel IV 2.2 GHz CPU , 512 K Ram , Radeon 9000 Pro Video , 80Gb WDD HD and Sony DRU500 Internal DVD Recorder . My computer is only a few months old and worked like a clock until I tried to install this piece of garbage . I followed Pinnacles directions to the letter and when it said to reboot I did . The system displayed the Win Xp logo screen , then went blank , then the logo screen over and over for as long as I wanted to watch it . I tried several time to re-install with the same results . I got the computer to reboot by disabling the added 1394 driver Pinnacle installed . I was then able to start Studio 8 and it looked quite impressive . You can manipulate and edit the included `` Photo Shoot sample '' very easily so I gave it one star . But then I tried to connect a VCR to the blue box and found out Studio is looking for a camera input and wo n't recognize a VCR . That is what I bought it for ; to transfer my tapes to DVD . I went to device manager to check my hardware only to find out the Media Manager Driver was not working , nor the 1394 driver or the Emuzed driver . In fact every time I start up Windows tells me I need to install a new driver `` Emuzed '' then tries to install it and the installation fails . I should have been wary when the book said that Windows will say the drivers are unsigned but to disregard and install them anyway . I checked Pinnacles site and they are no help in that they do n't address the problem at all . When I went to the users forum I found I was only one of many having the same kind of problems with Pinnacles product and the other users were getting no answers either . I can only believe that the few good reviews this product has been given have been written by employees of Pinnacle . Save you money and your computer .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . I bought it bundled with a DVD burner and I 'm going to return the whole thing all together , because it will cost more to just buy another stand alone program if you add the price of the burner to it . It has nice features but THEY DO N'T WORK !!!! I already wasted 3 DVD-R 's . Too bad I 'm not allowed to shovel it back into the `` mouths '' of the people that wrote this software .
 This is , quite possibly , the worst piece of software I have ever owned . Not only is it full of bugs , tonight it started DELETING other programs on my hard drive . The other reviews are right on -- it has great potential , but it 's not worth the hassle . To quote Monty Python , `` RUN AWAY ! RUN AWAY ! '' from Pinnacle Studio 8 as fast as you can .
 Forgive my poor English from Germany ... But listen , listen , listen.Studio 7 was buggy when released to the customers . After a long period of beta-testing by unpaid purchasers worldwide it became a fine video editing application.Same now with Studio 8 . It must have been very buggy when released , even containing `` showstoppers '' . Now , after betas , update , beta and several releases and bundles -LRB- e.g. with TOSHIBA burners -RRB- it still is n't what it should be especially for newbies . In parts worse . New bugs added.Buying ? - Yes . - One should visit the Pinnacle Studio 8 webboard and see what the users report . When they were able to download an update that works , one may wait until this update became the normal retail version . Then buy , buy , buy , and have fun .
 Pinnacle Studio 8 Stinks - and so does the company that created it!I bought Pinnacle Studio 8 software last year . I had received a new computer -LRB- Dell 1.8 GHz -RRB- with a DVD burner specifically for the purpose of creating my own DVDs as a Christmas -LRB- 2002 -RRB- present . Once I installed the Pinnacle Studio 8 software I toyed around with it seeing all of the terrific editing options it included . Perfect . This was exactly what I wanted . However , before you can edit with the software , it must first read in the mpg to be edited and that 's where the trouble began . Any time I read in an mpg file , the video was great , but the audio was corrupted with pops and cracks -LRB- like a really old vinyl record - remember those ? -RRB- and painful-to-listen-to broadband chirps . When I contacted the company -LRB- which took time before I could find a number where a live person eventually answered -RRB- I was told that the sound card ought to be upgraded , that many on-the-mother-board sound cards are inadequate for video editing . I was n't sure I believed it , but I invested more money in a top rated sound card and guess what ... the problem persisted . By the time I had been able to implement Pinnacle 's proposed solution the three month limit had expired and they expected me to pay $ 15 just to talk to them !!! Incredible !!! I went to their web site and sent repeated e-mails to the company telling them the entire story -LRB- in more detail , mind you -RRB- and NEVER got anything more back than e-mail advertisements for additional software . Obviously these were automated responses and no one was reading my e-mails . I finally wrote the Vice President of the company in November and have YET to hear back from them . It has been a year now and I have YET to burn my first DVD !!! As a lone shopper , there is little I can do but to warn you that the Pinnacle Studio 8 software stinks and once they get your money , the company could care less about problems you encounter with their software . I highly recommend AGAINST buying anything from these people if for no other reason than their complete and total disregard for customer satisfaction .
 Having read the recent November-December 2003 reviews I 'll add these comments.Pinnacle seems to be chasing it 's tail as it rakes in the money on a glitzy box design and marketing . Each supposed `` upgrade '' creates even more bugs than it solves . After untold hours of failure , followed by updating various hardware drivers on a brand new Dell 8250 2.4 GHz P4 with 2 120GB HDs and 2 NEC ND1100A DVD burners , I am finally able to create flawless highest resolution MPEG-2 DVD from DV video . Six are 58 minutes and , more significantly , a seventh one is 68 minutes . There are various `` bugs '' I 've learned to work around , and I avoid all the hoakey glitz that amateurs love . Simple crossfade editsand no added imported audio keeps potential bugs dormant . Would I recommend the current Studio 8 software ? No !! Not yet . Not until they actually have a product . Having installed several `` upgrade '' patches I 've only had success with supplied disc version 8.4.16 -LRB- at least 4 versions superceed it -RRB- . I 'll only upgrade from 8.4.16 when I see positive reviews in the user forums . This company is the ultimate in `` chutzpa '' . They post upgrades that promise everything and then ask forum users to report how it failed on their systems . Read the Pinnacle user forums especially `` failed to compile DVD '' . Someday -LRB- if they survive -RRB- they may actually get the bugs out . If your only task is firewire transfer from DV , editing footage , and transfer back to DV -LRB- these are done in real time -RRB- , you cant beat the price . Since rendering , and then compiling a 1 hour DVD takes 5 to 6 hours , failures for any reason following that process will raise your blood pressure beyond belief . Am I an average user , hardly . If you are very computer literate and a hardware maven who has hours to kill , this alpha software is for you . Remember though , that each purchase reinforces Pinnacle to produce nothing for $ $ omething .
 I purchased this software on the advice of a friend . I managed -LRB- after about 2 days of suffering through crashes -RRB- to put a 5 minute project together . I figured it was just my old P3 1.0 GHz computer that was causing the problems so I just saved my video for another day . Then the day came when I got my new P4 2.8 GHz HT computer . I dusted off the software and tried again . I could have saved myself hours of frustration by just not doing it , but I could n't help myself . I did manage to burn on really nice 15 minute project with only a little trouble , but it 's been all downhill from there . The technical support just sucks . Now , I 'm looking for a new editing program that 's going to cause less grief . Do yourself a favor
 I purchased the Cannon ZRMC70 DV Camera and purchased Pinnacle Studio 8.0 software with it . Overall this software is very good . You can import your video from your digital cam directly to . AVI , then grab those . AVI scenes and put them up on a timeline . You can drag/drop almost anything , dual scenes , modify sound , add menus , digital photos with text , add sound and background music . Overall , not bad at all.As you explore the program more and get into more detailed projects , you begin to find that there are problems between scenes , lockups , project crashes and more . With the latest patch from Pinnacle Software , the entire DVD burn system has been broken . After wasting nearly 10 DVD discs trying to figure out why my chapters stopped working , I finally found out on the webboards -LRB- from Pinnacle -RRB- that everyone was having the same issues.This software has the potential to become very good software it was not for problems that will have you pulling your hair out . Editing software can be addicting and time consuming . Having software that works consistantly every time is very critical . This software currently has problems that will cost you hours of time . You can find certain tricks to get around program glitches , but is it really worth your time?Currently I am looking for better authoring software .
 I purchased a PC equipped specifically to produce video from home video tapes -LRB- Hi-8 -RRB- and a MiniDV camcorder . I have been through version 7 and all the way to 8.5 . It crashes all the time , and only once in 10 tries will it burn a DVD . I am sick of spending 6 hours of computer time to render a DV , and then have this junky software say `` disc burning failed with unknown error . '' 6 hours of work down the toilet . Pinnacle support is essentially non-esistent . I submitted questions early , and got vague , useless answers from somebody in India , I think . Recently , Pinnacle simply does n't answer at all.Pinnacle should change their name to Nadir . And stop selling stuff that simply does n't work . They make Microsoft look like good guys.I 'm buying a new Apple G5 , and I intend to never look back .
 I 've had many problems with S8 . Although I like the overall structure and advertised functionality of the program , the many bugs make this a very frustrating program to use . I use the program for editing my captures , creating DVD menus , and convert to MPEG . The actual capture and burn to DVD are done with other programs I have . Editing is the worst . S8 loses track of where it is . Scenes are marked on the timeline by still-scene clips . Often , the still-scene off by a few frames , sometimes it 's off my minutes . This makes it almost impossible to know where you are in the edited movie . Before you buy , check out the many problems on Pinnacle 's user forums . These are real problems although it appears a few systems are immune to them . So the question is ... do you feel lucky ? Unfortunately , I have n't found a reliable alternative in the same price range .
 The simplicity and ease of Studio 8 is impressive after numerous attempts at other more complicated editing packages . Everything was very intuitive and logical . I did however have one serious problem . Rendered video would not output to my DV camera . Technical support was absolutly horrendous as I recieved often conflicting solutions to my problem . Weeks would go by between emails and promised callbacks . I was rather chagrinned by the lack of customer service of this seemingly simple , useful product . The companies response was to refund my purchase price instead of help me with my problem . This leads me to believe that I am not an isolated case .
 I 've never taken the time to write a review , but I could n't resist sharing my frustration about this product . Pinnacle Studio 8 is by far the worst piece of software I have ever seen or tried -LRB- in vain -RRB- to use . My new and powerful computer crashed almost every time I even tried to open the program . Capturing video was nearly impossible . I 'm embarrassed to have wasted even three days of my life with it . Please be forewarned and do n't waste YOUR time or money .
 I love the ease of use of this program . It is full featured and produces amazing results in a huge variety of formats -LRB- DVD , SVCD , etc. -RRB- . However , I originally purchased its predecessor , Studio DV which came with a firewire PCI card which has given me no end of grief , despite upgrading and eventually replacing my system to a much faster one . Their tech support frequently takes over a week to respond to emails -LRB- if at all -RRB- , and seems to be delaying the whole exchange process to a ridiculous degree . They have a telephone option for support which is $ 14.95 per incident with a 40 minute wait time on hold . If you are daring enough to buy from this company count on NO WARRANTY coverage , as practically that is what I have received so far .
 It 's too bad I only have 1,000 words to describe how awful this product is . There are bugs everywhere , in every aspect of editing and rendering . Even with he latest Sony DV camcorder , a PC system that far exceeds requirements and all patches applied it hits you with debilitating bugs that make it literally impossible to finish the project . Titles dissapear or randonly re-appear in section 5 minutes later . Sound cuts out , sometimes for music tracks , sometimes f/x tracks , sometimes cam-audio , sometimes altogether -LRB- and this is a neat trick -RRB- sometimes every OTHER scene ! Rendering `` error messages '' give you no clue even where it failed ! Transitions mangle the sound and not even in the spot where the transition is . The `` high-end '' effects are even flakier -LRB- although some are vendor supplied -RRB- . Tech support is awful -LRB- sometimes no response at all -RRB- and their `` solutions '' like re-installation actually made it worse ! At this point I ca n't even launch it any more after fresh installs and am left with a half-finished project and ca n't continue at all . This product is sub-beta , even sub-alpha . Please , someone start a class-action suit so I can sign on as a co-plaintiff ! It should be illegal to release software this horrible . P.S. I 've developed software and know the difficulties but this piece of junk is inexcusable .
 Until they work out some very serious problems I suggestyou pass on this product . I have been working with Studio8 since November . It crashes when you least expect it toit hangs up in rendering , and will not even get to burn disc.I have contacted support via phone and email . Neither couldgive help to make this program work . I have downloaded allupgrades and patches etc. . Still loaded with bugs and problems.This really looked like a wonderful program , and IT SHOULD BE ... BUT it will rob you of your sanity and leave you defeated.PINNACLE PLEASE FIX THE BUGS !! ...
 The good
 Do not buy this software . Seriously , if you spend the time you spend working with this software at a part time , minimum wage job to buy a better video editing package , you would be happier . I have worked with literally thousands of software packages in my 15 year career as systems \ network Administrator , and this is the most pathetic software I have ever used . There is not one facet of the package that works right . You will spend hours , days , weeks creating a video only to find it has disapeared or become corrupted .
 I received this software through a Canon rebate and was excited to create some DVDs of family gatherings , new child , etc. . Nothing extraordinary here . My computer is less than a year old , has 512RAM but with this software functioned like it was 10 years old . I never did get this software to work how I wanted . Each time I tried to accomplish something , it ran so slow that my patience quickly evaporated and turned to mad frustation . Not only this , but it completely jacked up my machine . Everything seemed to run slow . So last night I backed up all my files , wiped my drive , re-installed XP and all my programs except this ... amazingly , my computer works great again . DO NOT INSTALL THIS SOFTWARE !
 Except for a very long rendering time , Studio 8 ran fine until I upgraded from 8.10 to 8.12 . When I clicked on the `` Make Movie '' tab the computer consistently crashed with a Windows Protection Error or just hung up the computer necessitating a cold boot.The Pinnacle Tech support came up with all sorts of fixes which none worked.The program obviously was released and not tested prior to release.It is junk and I would not recommend it to anyone.I am using Windows ME but others using XP are having similar problems .
 The Weapons of Mass Destruction have migrated to Pinnacle video software . After I installed Pinnacle 8 on my high end Toshiba laptop I had to return the computer because of a hard drive failure . This is not conclusive proof that Pinnacle caused the failure , but read other reviews and you will see there is a good possibility it was.Oh , yes , I did get an opportunity to put in about twelve hours trying to make a video only to lose it all in a crash .
 I 'm very dissapointed ... this program is the most unstable and unreliable video editing program I have ever come across . I mean , why not download Windows Movie Maker of Apple iMovie for free ? They do n't seem to have any problems , not to mention they have more effects than Studio . When I bought this , it seemed like a good idea , until the program would n't run for more than three minutes without closing without warning . Thats right ... the program just instantly closes at random . I mean , they call it a ` professional moviemaking system ' ; I 'd expect a bit more . And it 's not just my computer , thats for sure . I have a Dell Dimension desktop , 2.5 gigahertz , 512MB of RAM , and a 64MB video card . Do n't spend money on this ... you 're sure to regret it .
 Apparently , Pinnacle only sells crippled versions of this product in the US that only support the NTSC standard . If you want to create PAL videos like me , you have to order the full product version in Europe , even if you live in the US - that is the answer I 've got from Pinnacle support .
 Well , let 's see ... First of all , it does n't have the white in / white out transition , which I thought was standard . Second , putting in music and getting it to play with your clips almost never works . I tried making a simple 12 second movie , but after several long hours of frustration , I just gave up . You have to convert video files it does n't accept with Video Wave -LRB- which comes with it , I think -RRB- , and that takes a very long time . Also , when you actually make your project into a video file , it takes an eternity ! And it left almost FOUR MINUTES of soundless blackness on the file before it actually had the movie I made . The only thing left for me to try is getting an Apple computer so I can use Imovie . And if that does n't work ... I seriously think I 'll go insane . ALL I WANT IS SOMETHING THAT ACTUALLY WORKS FOR A CHANGE !
 For all I know , this might be the best Russian language program ever invented . But I 'll never know it -- I could not for the life of me figure out how to use this software . There was no instruction booklet , and when I opened the program , I simply had no idea what to do . I clicked on an icon or two , and my computer started jabbering at me in Russian . I did n't have the foggiest idea what the program wanted me to do -- repeat , type something , or whatever . It was completely unusable.Lest anyone think I 'm computer illiterate , I 'm a 28-year-old doctoral student who was using gopher and mosaic to surf the Internet before Netscape Navigator existed and long before this website was even a twinkle in Jeff Bezos 's eye.Purchase at your own risk .
 I 'm a native Russian speaker and a lang.teacher . What really amuses me is how many useless expensive courses are out there . . Russian is one of the most difficult languages in the world with a complicated grammar that means you should first take some private lessons / group beginners course with a teacher , preferably native speaker or a bok , like `` Russian for Beginners '' . Ok , you bought this course and know now how to ask where the bus station is . Will you understand the answer ?
 I 'm a native Russian speaker and a lang.teacher . What really amuses me is how many useless expensive courses are out there . . Russian is one of the most difficult languages in the world with a complicated grammar that means you should take some private lessons / group beginners course with a teacher , preferably native speaker.Ok , so you know now how to ask about the bus station direction . Will you understand the answer ?
 I approached the russian language under two very different methods
 Not terribly expensive , but still not worth it . The Rosetta Stone software is far superior , albeit costly . If you 're on a budget and MUST have software and are willing to put up with a klunky interface and poor quality , buy this . Otherwise , save your money .
 I just bought this product and do n't like it very much . I have browsed through it and found that it was very difficult to navigate my way around the program . There are some good areas in the program , but they are not separated from all the other things.One of the first things the program asks you to do is listen to a conversation and take note of things that are said and that you hear . The conversation runs in segments and you can stop and play back words or phrases , etc. . But the bad part to these conversations is that in the alphabet section , which is n't very easy to find since it 's off in some other section of the program and not in the main area , the letters are ONLY capitals , it does n't show lower cased letters , and in the conversations the words and letters are by far much different than that of the alphabet.Then you have the problem of learning the grammer of Russian . Most of us are beginners , right ? Well , to learn a language well we need to know the grammer and punctuation usage of the language . In this program , it is n't very clear where to read about the grammer , plus the grammer is in a nice compex form , as opposed to a much more favored , easy to read form.Basicly , from what I have seen through my use of the program , you would be better of getting a different program , maybe even a book that teaches , such as The New Penguin Russian Course , which is far cheaper than this program , plus its mobile for people who do n't have this program on a lap top.This program is more of that for expirienced people learning Russian , not for beginners such as myself . But , this is all in my opinion , you might see differently .
 I find this system too confusing for me . The explanations of the cases are too mind boggling for me to understand what it is that they are talking about . The voice part of the software is nice , however , it 's definitely unreliable when it comes to telling you how well you are at pronouncing a word . I should know ; just for fun , I said a word in english and it gave me a WOW for my `` russian '' pronunciation . What a joke ! The movie `` The Adventures of John Stevenson , '' although incredibly entertaining and fun to watch , did n't do a thing when it came to teaching me the language . I 'm more of a visual learner and I prefer to be taught a language through pictures . This system just did n't help me at all .
 poor software , no grammar help , confusing and vague .
 The single major flaw in this product is its lack of direction for the beginner . I purchased the Italian version to compare it to Rosetta Stone 's method . The difference in price will tell you which is the better one . This product has good ideas -LRB- dialogs & memory games -RRB- but Rosetta Stone 's approach is sound and well organized.This product DOES have more resources than Rosetta Stone but they 're left to the user to figure out how to utilize them when studying the lessons . For beginners this will lead to a lot of wasted time and frustration.Stuffing the product with goodies does not make it better . They need to concentrate on the HOWTOs . Until such time this product is not very useful to beginners .
 The user interface is so hard to follow it 's unbelievable . You have to scan up the screen , then down to the right , then over to the left and track all of this while trying to learn vocabulary.I bought this thinking that it was only $ 40 so how bad could it be ... well it is BAD!Buy the FSI courses or Rosetta Stone - they are much more expensive but worth the price , especially if LanguageNow is the alternative . I have French , Spanish , German , and Russian and each of them are fantastic . Of course they are two different methods of learning but both are effective in their own way . At the end of the day you need to go to the country where the language is spoken and spend some time to really learn a language ...
 I would only recommend version 3 if your needs for an installer were extremely basic . The products wizard-oriented approach was fine for a simple install , but its confusing interface and inscrutable error messages will leave you frustrated if you try to go beyond it . Take a very careful look at this new version before buying .
 This software was a complete waste of money . The layout of the software is very confused and there is no guide for the user to follow . The biggest problem with the software is the sound quality . The recordings are so noicy that I got a pain in my head after just a few minutes . The speaker are frequently cut short a few ms or the recording start or stops with a * pop * . The amazingly poor sound is combined with a really unclear voice from the speaker . -LRB- The girl sounds like she has some thing in her mouth -RRB- I saw PowerJapanese at a freinds house but it was unavalible . So I got this ... I will now start looking for PJ in the used section .
 I gave this program a fair shake , and overall I 'm quite unimpressed . One of the program 's key features in my book is the ability to say a word and have it judge you based on sound , pitch , etc. . Great in theory , but imagine my surprise when I found out I could say anything at all , such as `` Cheeto '' and still get a perfect score so long as I mimicked the speaker even a little . This program also does very little to teach grammar rules.Basically , if you already know some Japanese and you 're just looking for a vocab builder , it might be worth getting it cheap . You can cheat the speech system , but if you really do try and read the graphs , you can tell if you 're actually getting it right or not . It 's a sub par tool , but a tool none the less .
 This software is very confusing to use . The layout and navigation is not user friendly . The program was not helpful for learning how to speak and carry a conversation unless you are already fluent . In which case , why would you need the learning software ? I am at an intermediate level Japanese . I did n't like this product . The Power Japanese and Rosette Stone Japanese softwares were much more helpful in furthering my language studies .
 I was looking for a product that would help me learn some basic Japanese - a few words and phrases . Instead , I got the worst interface imaginable ... and I get to see a lot of bad interfaces in my job as Information Architect . I 've used a couple of different language CD products as primers to upcoming foreign trips and both were wonderful by comparison . The ` Bonus CD ' that comes with this package has a grammar checker for every language EXCEPT Japanese ... perhaps that makes sense of the editorial review that mentions `` Learn Japanese Now ! also adds online features that create an interesting and authentic atmosphere , making learning ITALIAN fast , fun , and highly effective . '' Italian ? Well , it certainly does n't make learning Japanese the slightest bit fun or effective.Do yourself a favor , when it comes to `` Learn Japanese Now ! 9.0 '' keep your credit card in your wallet .
 Save your money.The interface is god-awful , buggy as hell , and the program clearly was rushed out for production . Little thought has been put into this program.The games are cheesy , stupid and boring.However , one cool feature was a section with extremely short video segments with the corresponding Japanese -LRB- in romaji -RRB- scrolling on the left side . I would pay good money for a program that did just that in more extensive amounts.Hope this helps prevent people from wasting their $ 39.99 on this program.-sev
 This program is HORRIBLE ! If you already know Japanese , then it will be great for you , since it is all written in HUGE Japanese with a small translation guide in the corner . It does n't accually explain anything , it just gives you some words and says `` say these '' . DO N'T BE FOOLED !!! I wish I could give this a negitive 99999999999999999 star rating !!!
 This set is extremely confusing to use . No instructions are given whatsoever on how to use the various features it is supposed to have . You have to sit there and `` experiment '' and still not be able to use it as it is extoled to be.It immediately delves into advanced , complicated speak patterns , with no explainations given for grammar rules.the only redeeming value is the word processing software included to write in Arabic , once you learn it from another source!I am sorry I wasted my money . Do n't you be .
 I bought this CDROM after I read all the good reviews here.In my opinion , the method is not that effective.And it is not thorough since the Chinese caracters are simply ignored.Maybe the best way to use it is as a secondary source of training , but not more.Further , like all the CDROM based language method I have tried , the overall design is outdated . But again , this is not specific to LearnChineseNow9 .0 .
 I have this program and I am not impressed . It looks to me like the series existed and they just tried to make a Chinese version . The games and exercises do n't work well for chinese . If you want to learn by memorizing dialogs that do n't reflect everyday situations , this is for you.To get any use out of this as a beginner , I had to copy down the words and phrases and make flashcards on my own . There is no vocabulary drill , no vocabulary builder pages etc. . I could n't believe anyone buys this.I also have listened to pimsleur which is great . Another good though pricey piece of software is Wenlin .
 I would not recomend this product to anyone.There is no way that a person that has limited time available could expect to gain any thing from this product.I honestly believe that I have not gained a single word to my spanish vocabulary from what I knew going in to this program
 If I could have given this a 1/2 or a zero star , I would have . One star is too generous.I have used the `` Smart Start Spanish Deluxe '' software by Syracuse Language which is very , very good and entertaining . I recently switched from a PC to an Apple Computer . Unfortunately , `` Smart Start Spanish Deluxe '' does n't work on an Apple Comuter so I ended up purchasing `` Learn Spanish Now . '' What a BIG MISTAKE ! `` Learn Spanish Now '' is not very user friendly . It 's also very boring . It is probably better suited to an advance beginner or intermediate student and someone who can drink many strong cups of coffee to keep awake.If you 're looking to buy a good Spanish language software , keep on looking . You 'll be wasting your time and money on `` Learn Spanish Now . ''
 Poor organization makes this product difficult to use . There seems to be no rhyme or reason to it 's organization . It does have some redeeming features , like the ability to compary your voiceprint to the native speakers voiceprint , but this is of limited utility in actually learning to speak the language . I suspect the people who give this good ratings have lots of time to invest , and therefore can get use to the organization and quirks of the program . For the rest of us , there are easier ways to learn .
 I made an honest attempt to figure this software out and found it very frustrating . This CD is hard to navigate . The problem I had was there really is no structure to it , so moving from one level of understanding to the next is impossible . Try another one and do n't waste your time and money ... MTT
 All of the problems I have had with their products have gone ignored when I seek customer support . And once the OS changes on your computer - as mine now has , to Windows7 , your products become obsolete !
 For all their intricate windowed presentation , these programs fail to present more than a few vocabulary words , offer no systematic presentation of grammar , and do n't even have a voacabulary index . The screens devoted to letting you imitate native speakers can help you improve your pronunciation , but you will do that better and faster with a teacher or native speaker . Same for listening - there are simply too few selections to get you beyond learning to understand some rote passages.The exercises are very disppointing . They are randomly repetitive , so in a group of 5 questions -LRB- or activities , as they call them -RRB- you may end up doing the same one 5 times.Finally , there are outright errors in the English translations , in English spelling , and sometimes , at least in the Spanish version , in the Spanish spelling.On the whole , maybe worth purchasing cheap and used , but like most computer based language learning programs , you can do far , far better with a printed workbook that comes with a tape or CD .
 I bought Learn Spanish Now because of the favorable reviews but have been very disappointed for the following reasons : - No dictionary . I wanted to find the Spanish meaning for some English words and discovered there was no such capability . You have to buy a separate product for that . - I wanted to learn some basic things like numbers and days of the week and could find no way to do that . - The lessons seem to be totally random - nothing builds on previous lessons and there seems to be very little organization to the material.This program is bad enough that it makes me question the objectivity of other reviews about this product . Maybe it 's time to shell out the cash and try the Rosetta Stone product .
 I just purchased both The Learning Channel 's `` Learn to Speak 8.1 '' and Transparent Language 's `` Spanish Now ! v9 . '' I can tell you , first hand , that TLC 's product is at least twice as good . I assumed that the higher priced -LRB- Spanish Now ! -RRB- of the two would be a better product . WRONG ! This software has a poor user interface , in addition , it does n't guide the user through the process of learning the language . Save your money and get TLC 's CD .
 i was disappointed . it is outdated material.it is missing many trails i use out in utah . 4 wheeler trails . i could not use this to find out where i was on half of the trails i rode . gps 's have come a long ways in a few years . there are better topo 's available .
 The product would not load with Windows Vista as Megellan has not developed a driver . I returned my Magellan 500 and purchased a Garmin HCx with the card for SE topo . I was unable to return the MapSend Topo and was out $ 34 .
 I started knowing no German , but because of recent work assignment , need to develop basic conversational and written skills . I did a reasonably thorough investigation of PC-based learning packages , but was only able to demo one fairly expensive option . Being frugal , I went with this lower cost alternative.I am disappointed in the product for the following reasons : - There is not an obvious starting point and not an obvious lesson sequence . The opening window is a video of a conversation . Although labeled Beginner , it is far beyond where a new learner would be at . I suspect it was done to show off the `` multimedia '' features as the first impression . - The content is not organized in lessons . It 's like using a dictionary and phrase book to teach yourself . - The various References Tools have different user interfaces - suggesting this is an aggregation of completely different products.I was expecting a carefully designed and packaged product aimed at helping me learn German . This looks like a quick effort to put together some multimedia sequences with translation , bundled with a few references . It is not a learning environment.So , I recommend avoiding this product . I 'm going to look at some other lower cost alternatives , but if I do n't find anything suitable , I 'm going to either find a German friend to help me learn , or bite the bullet and get the expensive solution .
 This cdrom was the worst investment i have ever made . it was not organized for a beginner . there were no chapters , or any way to find out where to start . it made you repeat a bunch of phrases and sentences , so you had no idea what you were saying , unless you chose to see the translation , but it did not teach you the basics . it is rubbish !!!!!! do not buy it !
 It 's hard to imagine a more transparent attempt to inflate the user ratings for these products . Over half of the five-star rated reviews are copy-paste identical . Not coincidentally , there is one such review for each language product they make . I 'm glad Amazon is bunching them together so you can see this clearly . Beware!A friend lent me the French version and it 's mediocre and unstructured .
 I bought this title back in August when the reviews seemed overwhelmingly good . But it is obvious now that someone connected with this company was trying to boost the rating with false commentaries . This is truly the worst piece of software I have ever used . There is no rhyme or reason to the GUI , even the sound of the French speakers is muddled . I have the Rosetta Stone French Explorer that my husband and I enjoy using.We were surprised when we actually started the learn the language . But rather than spend the extra money for the Rosetta Stone complete software program I fell for this drivel . As my husband says , quite often you really do get what you pay for . This lousey piece of & ^ $ # is heading for the Goodwill Store .
 I am really disappointed with this product.To begin with , the interface looks like something from the 80 's . Second , the video screen is too small . With today 's technology , this is just not acceptable . There are n't that many lessons and they offer day to day situations someone would need . I simply do n't want to use this product.I would recommend Microsoft 's Encarta series . This software allows you to schedule the entire course depending on how fast you want to learn . Second , it has large video screens with people speaking in real time . Third , you get a booklet to help study and fourth , they give you an audio CD to take with you to practice the lessons . As much as I dislike giving money to Microsoft , this product is all you would need.Learn French Now just does n't offer what it should .
 My Mother bought this , but was not able to make any use of it . After having installed the software myself , I would have to agree ; it is a waste of time and money . Stay away .
 None of the two disks cn be down loaded to Mac 10 . Also the customer service is not available in non working hours .
 I really ca n't rate it , because I have n't received it after a month .
 The image categories are arranged in 1000 's of images , and the program only shows 6 at a time , so finding theright one may take hours . -LRB- plus they have no names -RRB- Adding custom text is font size , bold , italics , etc. only!No real formating of text.The border images print off the page , even though theywere well within the boundaries on the screen . -LRB- I havean Epson R200 printer , and xp home sp2 -RRB- After installation , my windows xp theme was completelymessed up . The app changed it to xp blue , and other thingswere also changed . Plus it added about 50 useless fonts .
 About two stars is a generous rating for this software . Luckily for me , it was a $ 6.00 `` Big Lot '' find . But before loading it onto my computer , I thought I had purchased the greatest clipart/print program known to Man given all the hype written on the box . This program has major flaws , not to mention limitations . -LRB- It is not worth the manufacturer 's retail price of $ 19.99 . -RRB- I tried to create a simple four-fold brochure with a gradient background . What a mess ! First of all , what appears on the screen is NOT what actually prints out . The gradient backgrounds do not match up with each other when folded together . There is a large gap of white space between the backgrounds on the folding side -- impossible to crop . The text moves to new places during the printing process
 I sent a review but you did not Print it , so a new review -LRB- this Program is a wast of space on my computer -RRB- and a wast of time Thank you all at Amazon .
 The CD received was obsolete by 15 years and wo n't run on Windows 7 . The box liner states that it is for Windows 3.1 or Windows 95 . Windows 95 is 15 years old . The Amazon sales web page did ` tlist any Windows versions for this product.This is a good program when run on a very old computer .
 When I ordered this , I was very excited to work on my school project however , when I received the the disk , I got version 11 , but a serial key for version 10 . I call Amazon and they said they had no control over that and sent me to the manufacture who CHARGED me another $ 9.95 to get a serial code for the right version ... which ... might I add ... DID N'T WORK EITHER . I would steer clear of this product in my own opinion because now I have to buy another product and am out 20 + dollars .
 I bought this hoping it would provide a nice distraction during my down time -LRB- if any -RRB- on an upcoming deployment to Afghanistan . However , after installing it , half of the icons were non-viewable without internet assistance and the program as a whole really lacked user-friendliness . I have a master 's degree so I 'd like to think it 's the program and not that I 'm a complete idiot ! Probaly would not buy this again . On the bright side , I got it cheaper online than if I 'd bought it at Best Buy .
 I bought this software to design a floor plan for a house . When just laying out the walls , its user interface is very crude . I found I had problems placing walls and could not nudge them to the positions I wanted once they touched another wall perpendicular to them . As a result I continually had to delete and redraw . Eventually I started placing objects such as a bathtub or a door . This became a fatal blow to the program . Adding even a couple of objects slows the program down so much that is useless .
 I am a PC challenged person and the product is sofeware . Because of my limitations , I made my selection carefully . The product was described as XP Compatible . My operating system is Windows XP on my Dell Inspiron/5100 . After many hours of trying to install this program , it is my belief that the program is not compatible with laptops . I wished that the descriptions had included the aforementioned.Amazon.com has been a pleasant experience . However , because of my limited knowledge , I best purchase software off-line .
 It 's nice , but not as beautiful as Marine Aquarium 2.5 and a have all of them .
 Let me start by saying something nice about this version of Finale , the grand daddy of desktop publishing music notation programs . I finally can use Finale on the OSX operating system . Naturally , I was very excited to give it a test drive when it finally arrived.PROBLEM
 Since I got Sibelius 3 , Finale 2004 has been a nice little icon on my desktop.People say to `` spend time with it '' but in today 's high-stress , fast-paced industry , I do n't have that kind of time.I also do n't have time for bugs , etc.My co-workers and I , in both platforms , used Sibelius 3 the first week of it 's release , on two very large musical shows , and we had NO PROBLEMS ! NONE!It seems like those stuck on this program -LRB- Finale -RRB- have been using it for so long that switching to something new would be ridiculous , and I guess I can understand that because I was an Encore cross-over and it took me a long time to wean myself from that program ... but I really had no choice.I gave several programs a chance , including Finale , but I 'm musically savvy and not much of a computer person , so Sibelius was a dream come true.I think the best notation program is one that allows me to be musical , not technical . Musical = Sibelius . Technical = Finale . Choose the one that 's right for you .
 Being a professional music transcriptionist , as well as a composer/arranger , I need to stay open-minded and up-to-date with music software , so I purchased the Finale 2004 upgrade even though it made me nauseous.I 've limited the amount of jobs I will accept that require the use of Finale because it takes more than twice the amount of time to accomplish anything in this program than it does in programs like Sibelius , which are designed to be intuitive and user-friendly . I am a long-ago Encore cross-over , and I have given ALL programs a fair shot , but unlike all of the Finale `` power users , '' I do n't have the time in my life anymore to devote to conquering a program ... I just need something that makes sense and gets the job done right , quickly and professionally . When I had trouble just figuring out how to put a NOTE on the page in Finale , some users suggested that I hire someone to teach me the program from the beginning , and that way I 'd know how to use it . Why did they suggest this ? Because I found out that all of them had to do the same thing in order to learn it themselves ! Well , I 've used music notation programs quite successfully since I was in high school and I 've NEVER had to hire someone to teach me how to use them , so I do n't understand why I would have to do that today.I believe that 's why I 've settled quite happily with Sibelius as my personal choice for notation -- it made so much sense that after a few days of using it I was already accepting jobs with it . That program teaches YOU how to use it , it 's so intuitive . If you do n't know how to do something , you just guess , and it works!I also need a program that is cross-platform ... I have n't loaded 2004 for many reasons , the main one being that the few jobs I still accept on Finale come from MAC users who are now stuck in 2003 . Since it 's not my program of choice , there is no reason for me to have this version , and as time passes I 'm realizing that there is no reason for me to even have this program at all . I 've been employed consistently as a transcriptionist and have not had to use Finale for several months.Don ' t upgrade this wretched program ... It 's time to look into the future and move on without it .
 Finale . Grrr . This software is badly designed . It is too hard to learn -LRB- I ca n't be that stupid , I did graduate from Yale -RRB- . It does n't make sense . It does n't conform to straight forward software behavior standards that we expect like with Word , Photoshop , Pro Tools , etc. . It looks kind of old and dumpy in the interface . Way too many buttons and toolbars and dialog boxes . Like the program itself , the Help is difficult to navigate and hard to decipher . There is a new version every year - but the usability does n't ever improve - except for really simple things . -LRB- They added a `` Start New Score '' wizard . Oh boy ! -RRB-
 Finale 2004 , even with the update , is incredibly buggy.Avoid it . Stay with 2003 or switch to Sibelius.That it was even brought to market this buggy is outrageous , even for Finale .
 Beware.I bought this software to replace a 10 year old version . This CD release installs all kinds of ad-ware on your computer including Net-zero Browser , Browser toolbars , and Ad Pop-ups . If you register the program -LRB- the only way to get it to work -RRB- you will suddenly start getting hundreds of advertisement emails . Hmmm.The install does not work correctly and you will have to search for the Mavis Beacon program and create a shortcut to it on your desktop . Otherwise the program will not run.The whole install will piss you off . Garbage strewn all over your drive and in the system registry . Be sure to search for all files created on your system at the time and date of the install . That way you can search and delete the mess.The worst part is your email address being sold to anyone hawking their wares . CAUTION . Use or create a throw-away email address.Otherwise the typing part works as expected.JP
 This is terrible . I had purchased Mavis back in the day and now with my children needing to type I thought this was the product to buy because of my computer operation system incarnations . I thought , MAVIS ... the software I had eight years ago , but : After reading the posts ... If there is no help or no support or no avenue for this software , then I would have to say , do n't buy it . -LRB- I say this with a heavy heart . Mavis , what happened . -RRB- I shall have to search elsewhere for my children 's typing software ... sorrySincerely , Daniel CraigArizona
 Though this item was invoiced at the time of purchase ; as of today , I have not received it and it has not been sent to me . Please investigate what is happening and let me knowThank you , Alfred M. Bunge
 I homeschool my daughter and know she needs to learn to type . I bought this product because of the brand name recognition . IMO , there are not enough drills . She learned the homerow pretty well but then was expected to incorporate capitalization and numbers . She needed much more practice and drilling with lowercase a-z before she moved to capitalization and numbers . There are n't even any drills to do on our own , only dictation which includes , of course , capitalization , symbols and numbers.So I am in the market for an age appropriate product . She needs to be drilled a few letters at a time until those are habit.Would not recommend for a person with no prior typing experience .
 Tried using this software with Windows-XP and had LOTS of problems . Then trying to use their `` money back guarantee '' is a real pain . Follow their web site links and one page tells you not to send it back to them but to go to the retailer , while another says you should send it back to them . Finding a phone number to get the right answer or even an email address is impossible . Broderbund does n't know what customer support is . Avoid their software if you can .
 I reformated and re-installed windows xp , just to try to get this thing to work . Their website says you should shut off all startup programs or start in safe mode just to install . I can understand shutting down running programs , or even anti-virus software , but when they want you to mess with your system just to get the thing to work , you know it 's a bad sign.I finnaly got it to work -- in safe mode ! I 've been trying to shut down services one at a time to try and find the conflict . All my other software and hardware is legal and updated.Their customer support is a joke . Trying to find real contact information just sends you in a repeating circle . I 'll never buy a product from Broderbund again.added later
 WARNING
 I thought if I bought a cheaper product it would still work just as good . WRONG ! This product did not work at ALL . And when I tried to contact the company for technical support , I never got a respone after many tries . I recomend just spending the $ 30 and getting the name brand product for this type of software . I may as well have just burned the money in my fireplace .
 I bought this for my son but we did not even get to use the product . My PC has Win2000 installed and even though Me Too Software Tech support claims that this would work on Win 2000 it DOES NOT.Save your money and buy the Media Manager from Sony .
 Like another poster , I ordered this as a download and it kept requesting verification . I received an email saying that it was a bug and to re-download it as they had fixed the problem . Well , I re-downloaded it , and the activation key no longer worked . I have been sending various emails back and forth , sometimes they return them sometimes they do n't . Usually it 's `` we will check on that and get back to you . '' Very frustrating . Several months later it is still not resolved.As for the software itself , I found the interface very unappealing and not intuitive at all .
 I downloaded this about 6 months ago from their website . Since then it has crashed on me several times . They said it was a glitch in their system and after NUMEROUS emails their instructions finally worked . They kept giving me the run around , changing things , and often completely ignoring me . After all this and thinking all my treasured recipes and hard work/time spent entering them was a complete loss I got it all back , and now I 've lost it all over again . Now I 'm back to where I started and all is lost . A complete waste of time , I 'm now trying Living Cookbook .
 I 've used an older version of MasterCook for years and loved it . Recently , I purchased a new computer with the Vista operating platform . The older version of MasterCook would not work on it so I checked Amazon to see if there was a newer version available which would be compatible with Vista , and was thrilled to see that Amazon indicated that version 9 would work . I purchased it , installed it , and had a lot of problems . While attempting to learn why the new software was n't working properly , I just learned that Amazon has listed the product information incorrectly . The software manufacturer , ValueSoft , indicated in their HELP guide that MasterCook 9 is not compatible with Vista ... so BEWARE . I am very very disappointed both with ValueSoft for not keeping up with software advances and with Amazon for incorrectly listing the product .
 MasterCook Deluxe 9.0 was advertised by Amazon as Vista compatable . The Manufacture , ValuSoft , does not advertize is as Vista compatible and I could not get it to print . Also I could not find a call in number for any support . I tried to run MasterCook in the Xp mode of Vista and could not get the print function to work . I have trouble with MasterCook and other programs to run in the XP mode under Vista . Amazon customer service did stand behind their advertizement and did refund the cost of the product .
 I was really excited to try this software , and if it worked I would still be excited . Instead , it has left me frustrated and ready to ask for my money back , which I have never done before with a software product . I think this company , or at least this software , is on the way out . Apparently they ca n't keep up with the pace of technology .1 . When I click on the tabs for a recipe I am adding , the program shuts down . This is addressed on their web site as a known issue , but no resolution in a two-month period has come up .2 . It took some finagling to get the explorer toolbar to even show up . I hate using explorer to begin with , but if it worked , it would be worth it for this .3 . The explorer toolbar does n't work . Not at all . This is addressed on their web site , and there is a patch ... that does n't work.I am hesitant to spend any more time trying to get this program to work , because the more time I spend , the more things I find that do n't work . Apparently the only way I can get recipes in is to use the import assistant tool , but even that has not functioned consistently for me . Ah , well . Back to Microsoft Word , I guess ...
 Microsoft did a security update in October which causes the program to crash if you use any of the tabs when editing a recipe which is a necessity . Valusoft posted a message that they were working on a fix but now all their pages read : Page ErrorError No
 I too have had an older version Master Cook II . It came with an instruction manual which was easy to use . This is not a program I would buy . In fact I am returning the program to Amazon who are very understanding . My suggestion to them is remove this from their inventory .
 it does not work it will not load the cd is corrupt
 I 've been struggling with Mastercook for months and I 've given up . I 've had problems with most of its features , but I 'm most aggravated with the Shopping List and Web Import functions . Both have worked sporadically , and for no apparent reason at any given time , will stop working at all.The shopping list function does not combine ingredients like it says it will . it says in the tutorial it will combine things like `` green peppers '' and `` green bell peppers '' but it does n't . so i have to go inand change everything like that ... `` black pepper '' to `` pepper '' , `` garlic '' to `` garlic cloves '' , etc. i even had an instance where i had `` onions '' twice on the list , but they did n't combine . other things did , though . again , no rhyme or reason to why it works some of the time.I 've had problems with the web import bar as well , sometimes performing the way its supposed to and other times it would n't . Now it 's not importing at all . I get all the way to clicking on `` save to mastercook '' and it just stops , without actually giving me the option to choose a cookbook and completing the import.I 've sent several e-mails to Valu Soft and they 've always responded with suggestions -LRB- which I 've taken -RRB- , but nothing has worked . I 'm sending them another e-mail today to tell them I ca n't spend any more time trying to fix the problems -LRB- how many times should i have to uninstall/reinstall ? -RRB- and will ask for a refund .
 Received product with no user manual . Purchased item so could transfer my wife 's personal recipe book from an older version . New version fails to recognize the older version , as advertised.Requested technical support on line twice . Have never had a response .
 I was disappointed with the software . It is not as intuitive as I thought it woold be . It is not what I was looking for - an easy to use source of new receipes , but with the ability to accept my recipes with minimum hassle . I will spend more time with it and will probably find that that , once thru the learning curve , it will do all I want and more , but out of the box , it was not real friendly .
 I got the download version 3 months ago , and have only just found out through an online discussion forum that all the problems I 'm having using it are due to inherent defects in the download version . Apparently those who buy the CD will not experience these same issues -LRB- I do n't know for certain though -RRB- . Basically , the downloadable version functions more like a demo version ; some features like export and import are limited or do n't work at all -LRB- you can get recipes in one at a time , but ca n't select multiple recipes like the instructions tell you you can -RRB- . A friend of mine and I have both had the same problems -LRB- we both bought it at the same time to swap recipes -RRB- . Tech support is completely useless for these problems and customer service just keeps telling me to re-download it rather than deal with the problem of defective software -LRB- I would like them to just send the CD version that works -RRB- . I 'm really disappointed , as it seems this could be nice software IF IT WORKED RIGHT.So , if you 're going to purchase this and are deciding between the download and CD version , get the CD . You 'll have to wait a few extra days for delivery , but will avoid all the aggravation of the download version 's bugs . They should n't even offer the download version , because it does n't work right at all.It 's also worth noting that this software is not really very user-friendly for the beginner . Once you play with it a while , it has some nice features -LRB- buggy ones notwithstanding -RRB- , such as being able to embed recipes -LRB- i.e. , want to write a pie recipe ? You can insert an ingredient as `` Pie crust '' and link to your pie crust recipe without typing it all out twice -RRB- but there is a steep learning curve . If you 're adventurous and willing to randomly click ambiguous icons , you 'll figure it out , but if you 're someone who needs blatant , step-by-step instructions with really obvious menu options in software , you might struggle with this one.However , even if you get nothing else out of it , the included recipes are worth the price of the software ; you 'd spend far more than that buying recipe books to get that many recipes . So at least I do n't feel like I completely threw my money away getting defective software if I ca n't get it replaced with a functional version .
 I bought this product and loaded it on a brand new state of the arts laptop running Windows Vista Home Premium and It CRASHED . When I then tried to open the Help File in Master Cook Deluxe 9 the message said `` sorry there is no help file available under Vista '' then It promptly crashed again . I sent a e-mail to Valuesoft tech support hoping they had a patch I could download and their reply was `` Sorry ca n't help you ... no support available if you are running Vista ... Vista is not a supported operating system for this program ''
 Does n't work with Vista . I guess I thought it would , you know , since Scamazon had it advertised as working with Vista . The program runs but you get no instructions or help file and spending hours trying to figure out how to use this program kind of kills the fun . Thanks for wasting my time MasterCook .
 I bought this after getting tired of handwriting my family 's weekly menu thinking I could just find recipes and organize them using the calendar . First , the recipes are not great . They claim over 8,000 recipies and only 150 are listed under `` kid-friendly '' . And what are they ? Pizza with this , Pizza with that . Not very creative . The calendar feature is not at all user friendly . The shopping list is fine , although does n't do a great job of merging , so you have a few different entries for `` boneless chicken '' depending on whether the recipe uses lbs or number of breasts . I think I 'll go back to just looking through cookbooks and handwriting out the menu for the week . Just not worth the hassle .
 I have version 9.0.00.20 . It is basically unusable . Customer service by Valusoft is about the worst I have run into . Recommend avoiding the program until they get it fixed .
 Does n't export in any useable format . You can only export recipes in text or MasterCook format , you ca n't export into MS Word format to backup or share a collection of your recipes or menus -- you can email them out .
 I find that this program looks like something from the early 90 's . It is not user friendly . I bought it in order to type in my own recipes to see how they count as diabetic exchanges . It does n't even have fat free cool whip listed as an ingredient , nor does it list reduced fat graham cracker crust . I am sure there are many more ingredients that are n't in this cooking program . It is hard to figure the exchanges of a recipe when the ingredients are n't in the program.It seems like with technology as advanced and with programs like we have today , this program is very cheaply made and could be improved by at least 80 % . In my opinion , it should be sold in dollar stores for no more than $ 5 . I bet the company is making a killing on this one . I never write bad reviews , but I am sorry , I just ca n't think of anything good to say . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because I guess if you are n't wanting diabetic exchanges , it would be fine for keeping up with recipes -LRB- although it still is n't user friendly or fun to use -RRB- .
 I purchased this product specifically for the shopping list feature . Unfortunately , it froze repeatedly while I was building my first list and I had to re-enter some of my data a couple of times . I REALLY wanted it to work so I kept at it . When I finally got my whole list entered and did a final save before I printed it , the entire program crashed and I lost all of my work -LRB- even though I had saved faithfully -RRB- AND all the cookbooks have disappeared . Very strange.I removed it from my computer and do not plan to try again .
 This was difficult to install and wanted to install old versions of Adobe Reader and Quicktime Player.Most of the receipts did mot have photos of the dish . I would not use this product if was free .
 I ca n't even get it to install . I 've been waiting for someone , anyone to help me , but they just send me the same instructions to fix the bugs in my system . It ca n't possibly be their problem . I keep getting an Installshield script running 1607 error , and everytime I contact them , I get the same `` fixes . '' I see on the Net that other people have this problem too , so it has to be in their software.Beware and be warned ...
 I am very disapointed in this product . while i 'm sure it is an excellent product and will do everything that i have been told it will do . without some sort of usage manual , i an totally lost ! i have been able to do a few things , but not without spending considerable time hunting and pecking , when with a manual i would have been able to fully use this product in a timly manner . contact with tha makers has left me at a dead end . respectfully , judy
 I am very dissapointed in this program . I was so excited about getting it to help me with figuring nutritional values of my own recipes as well as trying new ones . I can not get the program to load on my computer . Have tried all the problem solvers and troubleshooting and get no where . Contacted the tech people and get no help . I have tried everything they say and NOTHING has helped . Buyer beware !
 I bought Master Cook to use it as a storage for my recipes ... it is very complicated to use ... finally figured out to how to enter my recipes and those from the internet . . it just is n't worth the hazzle ... I wish I could get my money back . . I have taken it off my computer and will not use it .
 MasterCook Deluxe 9.0 could barely pass for a shareware program that asks for a $ 2 donation to some PO Box in Las Vegas . This is an example of software rip off . It is like those late night get rich quick cons where they send you books of 100 pages with 5 words on each page . Full of features that do not work , non cohesive . Recipes they have compiled from free sources . No insight . I am just plain mad and disappointed . I hate being taken . Of all the items I have purchased from Amazon , I have never be before felt ripped off . Amazon should not carry bs programs like this . I WANT MY MONEY BACK AND NOT BY RIPPING OFF THE NEXT SUCCER BY RESELLING MY COPY TO SOME SAP.THIS EXPERIENCE MAKES ME THINK TWICE ABOUT USING AMAZON ANYMORE .
 Technical support for this product is non-existent . They refer you to the web site of many other complaints or suggestions , but never address your particular problem . I have used other versions of MasterCook for years without a problem . Someone needs to address specific problems , not just generic suggestions . I would not buy this product again !
 I first bought version 8.0 of this software , only to find that it did n't work on my LifeDrive Palm . It was n't easy to get hold of technical support , but after about 2 weeks and a lot of going round they told me that this product does not work with OS 5.4 . It would have been nice to know this before I purchased it , because being able to export shopping lists and recipes to my Palm was the main reason I purchased this particular software . I bought version 9.0 and found that the problem still has not been corrected .
 I consider myself pretty techie but this software is hard to use . I see a recipe I 'd like to add to my menu plan and I have to go out of the cookbook and back into the menu plan and add it . I 'm not expecting drag and drop -LRB- although how cool would that be ? -RRB- but tedious to build a plan . Then menu plan vs. meal plan and confusing term swaps . It also wants to add ingredients in it 's own way -- making me tab through to add things the way I want -LRB- cheese in ounces vs. slices -RRB- . Maybe I did n't study it enough but I 've just been very challenged in using it so far . I 'm sticking with my pencil and paper and xerox copies of recipes I like !
 Would not buy this product at this time . It does not work with the newest flash and quicktime software which are needed to use Master Cook . No work arounds . No support from the company . At this time , product is known to not work for many people .
 I have n't had the time to figure out this software . It does n't come with instructions , like most software does , so the user is left to learn it on their own .
 This software is absolutely the pits . it does not do most of the tasks it is worthless . the email function and the ability to copy recipes also do not work It is junk and the sort of product that gives the internet and Amazon a bad name for allowing it to be sold.DO NOT BUY !!!!! MasterCook Deluxe 9.0
 This program has not been useful to me . Not well thought out.I would not suggest it to you .
 I bought this to get some unique ideas . It 's does n't have much I would use.I have more luck just browsing the internet . I would say I was disappointed .
 I bought this because it offered a great deal of features . I installed it and only get an error that an image failed to load , this error comes back about 15 times before I get a full sized brown screen.Went to get my money back , but getting assistance with that is like trying to prove that the yeti exists ... futile.Go with a different product as this one has no support , does n't work , offers no trial , and is a waste . There are other applications which allow for a trial -LRB- you can know if it is crap before shelling out $ $ for it -RRB- and still provide service .
 I got this program a couple of weeks ago and so far I hate it . My biggest pet peeve is that it alphabitizes everything . If you create seperate cookbooks , categories within cookbooks and recipes within categories , they are all alphabatized . I already have my recipes in the order I want them and I would like them to stay that way when I input them . If anynoe has a fix to this short of numbering everything , let me know . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I already had the Best of MasterCook version 5.0 and assumed that by version 9 there might be enhancements to gain by upgrading . WRONG ! Granted the publisher changed , but I absolutely no benefit to upgrading . As a matter of fact I suspect the product was a knock-off as the CD cover was printed in black and white and looked shoddy . What a shame . Version 5.0 was absolutely great and I would have loved to be able to share that now unavailable product with friends .
 It seems like a great idea , and with abundant recipes it contains a wealth of culinary genius , like an Incan temple buried under layers of hastle.Mastercook nine is a sloppy interface without the rudimentary connectivity that modern users expect from the iPhone or the Xbox live . The idea of a truely comprehensive and convenient recipe database is brilliant , and Mastercook is hands above the best product so far . But it needs a sharp jolt , and a wake-up call to get with the times.This product could reign supreme , but could easily be left behind if it continues to lolly-gag for another 9 editions .
 Mastercook used to be the king of recipe software , but it has been abandoned by it 's publisher/developer , and if you have or plan on updating your PC that runs anything newer than WIndows 98/ME/XP , do n't buy this program . It will not run correctly , period . READ the system requirements on the website or box . You have been warned
 I create and collect recipes . I have binders and folders full of recipes torn out from magazines or printed off of the internet , in addition to recipes I 've created or have gotten from friends/family . I was looking for a way to organize them and to be able to find them when I needed them . I bought MC9 based on various reviews I read . As soon as I got it , I loaded onto my pc and started typing in my recipes . I was happy with the auto fill in feature , and spent most of the afternoon filling up my cookbook . Then I went to add a `` note '' on one of the recipes and got an error message , program closed , and I could not open it again . Emailed tech support and never got a reply . Emailed a few days later , never heard from them.Removed program from pc , reinstalled , and typed in 5 recipes to test . Everything worked fine , typed in one more , wham , program encountered an error , closed . Emailed tech support/tried calling on phone , nothing . Tried one more time , and again it failed . Now software is sitting on shelf collecting dust .
 I have tried for days to contact Valusoft 's technical support . but there is NO phone number or email address . There is an address in Minnesota where I can mail in a question , but that 's going to be impossible to mail questions back and forth . Do not buy Valusoft 's products if you ever expect to need any technical support .
 I 've used MasterCook for over 5 years now and have developed workarounds to most of its limitations . I wish ValuSoft would invest in an upgrade . My biggest gripe is that I bought a Palm Pilot primarily to export shopping lists to only to discover that MasterCook does n't support newer versions of the Palm operating system . So I spent over a hundred dollars on a device my twenty dollar software ca n't talk to . Major bummer . I 'm too dependent on my Palm Pilot now for other things so I still have to print shopping lists to carry to the grocery store with me.I also find the print design module very difficult to use . I suppose I should n't expect too much from such inexpensive software but the tools are really clunky.I keep hoping ValuSoft will come out with an upgrade soon . I 'll eventually be forced to move to Vista the next time I buy a computer so I hope there will be a better MasterCook available at that time .
 If you buy a NEW machine and it comes with Vista , DO N'T buy this product . It may install on the new PC and even work with the HELP patch , but just try and get your own menus off of the old -LRB- under XP -RRB- PC on to the new box -LRB- with Vista -RRB- . If you have spent hours and hours getting your recipes in to MC you will need to hang on to your old PC just to run MC . Not an pleasant option . If you have to re-enter all your recipes go find something else that is Vista compatible . BTW , requests to MC support only state that : `` This title is not Vista compatible . The restore function is one of the features that Vista broke within Mastercook . `` So if you have Vista do n't bother with this product .
 I 've been using MasterCook for quite a while now and while I find it pretty simple to use and fairly good for organizing recipes , their customer service stinks really badly.I 've contacted them several times and never , not once , got a reply back . And one occasion was pretty traumatic . I `` lost '' a cookbook with over 500 recipes in it , many family heirlooms completely irreplaceable . MasterCook could see it but could n't open it . I sent them at least a half dozen e-mails requesting help , but heard nothing , not even `` we received your inquiry '' . I continue to use their product but now keep hard copy , handwritten versions of all the recipes I enter because I do n't want to lose any more .
 I purchased this software hoping to get some basic instruction and have a little fun . Its very lacking in both areas . The graphics are circa 1990 , and the basic premise is find the key and hit it -- find the key and hit it -- find the key and hit it . Its more like that game where you bash the gophers as they come out of the hole than a learning experience.The interface is setup with `` lessons '' , but these are just a selection of the song you want , and the colors of the notes , orientation of the keyboard , etc. . There are no real `` lessons '' , its point and shoot from beginning to end.Having spent the money I am now in a position of having to research some software that teaches . At least the keyboard that cam with it is OK.If you looking for something fun and educational , this is not it .
 Never had opportunity to try the product . E-mails -LRB- 9 -RRB- requesting help to m-audio and support@allegrorainbow were either never answered or took over four days and resulted in no help . Calls to m-audio resulted in being put on hold immediately , then put on hold for tech support with no results . The calls were never picked-up . I left my name and phone number on three separate occasions and never received a return phone call . This has been going on since 1/12/08 . The company does not care and does not back it 's product . They delayed so that the opportunity for return has passed.Piano Wizard for PC With 49E Keystation
 I bought this -LRB- for Christmas for my daughters -RRB- under the assumption that it was the Premiere version of the Piano Wizard software , and that I was saving $ 20 over the retail price . But , I got the EASY version and spent $ 30 more ! So , if I want to upgrade , it will cost me another $ 70 ! If you are buying this , skip Amazon and go direct to the Piano Wizard website.The one star review is for the failure to label this product the EASY version . The software itself seems pretty good so far , but there are many ways they could have improved it .
 This software may have been great back in its day , but it is falling quite out of date by now . It did n't work at all for me with Windows 7 64-bit . It just does n't receive any signals from my keyboard , even after carefully re-installing the latest drivers from M-audio , etc. . The same keyboard works just fine in several other programs that I have installed , so there is no excuse for this.I would strongly recommend waiting for the release of Piano Wizard 2.0 before purchasing . And I would n't fall for the `` buy 1.0 now , get free 2.0 upgrade later '' offer either ... I could n't find any promises on the piano wizard website about when version 2.0 will be released . Elsewhere I found rumors of its impending release from over two years ago ! Sounds like it will be out of date again by the time it 's released ?
 This product does not help to learn the piano at all and the keyboard is a piece of junk . Also there is no customer service phone department once you have purchased the item . Just sales . So if you are having trouble setting it up good luck
 This software either does n't work at all on Windows 7 -LRB- as is the case for me -RRB- , or works very poorly -LRB- as I found mentioned in several people 's blogs when trying to search for solutions -RRB- . I recommend saving your money until version 2.0 is released .
 I 've been using Encarta along with Britannica for years . I once believed that for overall depth of content , the higher mark would go to EB . But with regard to software ease of use and organization of material , Encarta would always get the nod . Not so anymore . This new version is a step backward compared to earlier years and seems to be plagued by its own desire to be both a great encyclopedia/dictionary and a homework aid for students . In the end , it achieves only a mediocre showing in both categories.Just as an example
 Unfortunately this is not an encyclopedia and dictionary with student aids , but student programs with the encyclopedia added on . You must wade through all kinds of homework , math , etc. programs to reach the dictionary and encyclopedia . Microsoft apparently thinks that after you leave school you can never have need of an encyclopedia or dictionary again . Also once you load it on , you can not turn it off . It will run forever on the grounds that you might have to look up something . Once you do get in , the interface is harder to move around in than in the old 2004 edition .
 I 've used Encarta for many years . However , the 2004 version was the last version worthy of carrying the Encarta name.Navigation used to be extremely simple . Now , you need a PhD to get around . The use of the `` find '' box in 2004 is so much more helpful than the `` search '' box in this 2008 version.This version crashes regularly -LRB- running Vista -RRB- . By regularly , I 'd say it crashes 20 % of the time . On the plus side , they have all been soft landings and I can re-open without a re-boot .
 After waiting on the phone for 15 minutes , transferred twice , one dropped call , and another 15 minute call , I finally learned that this product is not available for purchase at any retail outlet and only available for download . This is not a good option when searching for gift giving ideas . The product seems very impressive . However , the current distribution method via internet download only , at first may seem to be convenient actually diminishes convenience when it is not available for potential customers wishing to purchase through traditional retail outlets -LRB- including internet purchase -RRB- . Competing products , though of lesser quality and appeal , have gained my patronage simply because of availability . Overall , my experience with trying to buy a Microsoft product has been terrible . Buy Britannica .
 The progam is too advance for an elementary school student and that information is not mention on none of the product description this product is design for a college student . I will not recommended to any other parent . the software is too complecated and not userfriendly at all and homework help there is none
 Pre-5 .0 , this application was a mainstay in my protection arsenal , and I signed up for longest available subscription for the spyware updates . But 5.0 is like most others here have described -- a disaster because of the insane and ludicrous load it places on the machine . It is hard to describe just how unusable it makes the machine . Today I finally had enough and just turned it off permanently , awaiting a fix . Bingo -- my PC is running just fine again . It 's a 1 GB memory machine with an older but perfectly fast Athlon processor -LRB- 1800 + -RRB- . Without SpySweeper running , everything is snappy ; with SpySweeper running it is maddeningly slow with occasional long delays responding at all -- as if it was about to crash . Lots of disk activity seems linked to SpySweeper showing up as a high CPU user in Task Manager . Bottom line
 I 've had it for over 30 days and still do n't know how well it works.Never have experienced such pathetic customer support . Cleared the way for Kaspersky and Firewall to work with this program , but continued to lock up computer . Asked for them to send me the program with a keycode for retry . Over 20 emails and phone calls , and six weeks later , still waiting . Finally hit the point of requesting a refund -LRB- I got an answer to THAT one real quick , `` No , you 're outside your 30 days '' -RRB- Even after that , it has been another week with two more Customer Support -LRB- gag , choke -RRB- emails and another call , and I am STILL waiting . Contacting the company outside Customer Support has provided no relief . It is absolutely amazing that this type of business conduct could survive . I am just stunned at this situation , I really am . I got taken and I have no way to fix , or get out . Webroot , Beware
 I purchased this product on a recommendation from PC World magazine . I do n't think I made a good decision . This product has been a mistake from the first update . I loaded SpySweeper and the product immediately required an update . I do n't mind that , one must stay ahead of all spyware , but the program really taxed my system 's resources . I have 2GB , a AMD dual-core with four 160gb SATA hard drives , and it really slowed down my system . It also produced many Windows XP errors . I submitted the errors to Webroot for analysis and I even emailed technical support , but without much resolution . I decided to remove it and use Norton 's Anti-Virus Suite instead . Maybe your experience would be better , but I can not recommend this product . Now after saying all this , there was absolutely no spyware able to stay on my system when this product worked , but again , the performance of the product in other areas makes this experience unfortunate .
 I had been using version 4.5 of this product and made the mistake of upgrading to 5.0 . It 's beyond me how a previously fine piece of software can go to utter garbage in one release . It has become a resource hog and scan times have bloated out to ridiculous levels -LRB- 4 hours plus for full scans -RRB- . Some of the new features look cool but what good are they if the product ca n't perform it 's core function well.I have an Alienware PC with a ton of memory and disk space so resources are not the issue here.Questions to Webroot support led to such helpful suggestions as forgoing full system scans if they do n't work . Nice . Webroot must have alienated a large section of the installed user base with this rubbish . Another suggestion they gave me was to disable all other security products on my PC and then attempt a scan . That did n't work either , but what self respecting software has that degree of conflict with other applications?I would suggest you avoid this product at all costs and go with one of its competitors like Spyware Doctor.Also , have a look at some of the message boards on the web if you want a taster of the cautionary tales connected to Spysweeper 5.0 ... you 've been warned.It should also be noted that many of the positive Amazon reviews here for this product seem to relate to version 4.5 which was the version that predated the 5.0 abomination .
 My OS is Windows XP Pro SP2.Problem 1 : Sometime the GUI can not be closed . I tried both the Exit -LRB- or Shut Down ? do n't remember -RRB- command from menu and the X button on the upper right corner . The GUI window just stays there and does not close . It seems like this happens if I log onto my account , run this software , log off , then log on and run it again.Problem 2 : When I debug VC + + 6.0 projects , the VC always freezes after 1 or 2 minutes after the debugging starts . After the Spy Sweeper is uninstalled , everything is fine .
 I 've used Spysweeper for a couple of years and there 's no doubt that version 4.5 is a useful tool.However , in recent months it has become ridiculously slow to the point where it 's an irritation . I 've looked for software conflicts but have never succeeded in improving its performance.By switching to Counterspy as my main anti spyware weapon , I 'm back up to speed .
 This must be one of the worst software ever made . I thought I was doing good when I bought this at Staples after reading PC World review . After install , my laptop 's speed went to crawl and it would auto shutoff w/o warning . So , went to the web to find out why . Great , there was so many issues with this piece of @ # $ # . So , I uninstalled the software and now my laptop would not boot up ; it would n't load the explorer.exe after several shaky boot ups . Even the shut down was problematic . Eventually , I had to rebuild my laptop by clean installing my Windows XP . What a piece of @ # $ # this software is . DO NOT GET THIS . I want to go shove this worst piece of garbage up their corporate honchoes greasy behind .
 Spysweeper slowed down my machine so much it was absolutely useless . When I removed it ... voila , productivity .
 Used to be good . They ruined a great product . Worst , though , is they renewed on my card which I DID NOT authorize , and now I 'm paying for another year when I did n't even use it the first year . VERY HARD to cancel . Avoid avoid avoid on every level .
 I have been a satisfied Webroot customer for five years now , but I 'm afraid our relationship is nearing termination.As others have said , the ` nag ' screens are getting ridiculous . They also automatically enroll you in auto renewal whenever you upgrade one of their products and only tell you about it in the fine print . It 's easy enough to opt out , but still.My mom had been using Spy Sweeper successfully in conjunction with Trend Micro Antivirus for a couple of years and then upgraded to Webroot Antivirus with AntiSpyware 5.8 and started having problems . The two are no longer compatible . I use it in conjunction with Norton on mine and it works fine though.Webroot just came out with 5.8 , now they already have a new version 6 . I tried it the other day and it absolutely horrible . They have this new ` online backup ' feature that they nag you incessantly to enroll in . Supposedly all the data they back up is encrypted , but I do n't know why anyone in their right mind would do this . I seriously doubt it will be going away either . I think the next time my renewal is due I 'm just going to get Norton Internet Security and say goodbye to Webroot .
 I 've used several free versions of other software that have worked just as well or better inlcuding Malwarebytes and Microsoft Security Essentials . The problem is the customer service . They WILL NOT answer the phone if you call and there is NO easily attainable email address to complain , ask a question , or even commend the product . If you upgrade your service you will be set to Auto Renew every year , you can opt out of this , but , they say that you will receive notification 30 days and 14 days before the auto renewal . This is a lie . I just got an email that one of my accounts was renewed and the email with my reciept and I did not get a warning email prior to the purchase . I then spent over an hour on hold and attempting multiple calls without ever getting a representative . I gave up and used their online forms which is the only alternative when trying to cancel the auto renewal and request a refund . However , since they ca n't manage to answer a phone , who knows if I will even get my refund . May have to call the credit card company to charge it back . Thanks Webroot , for nothing .
 I had webroot for less than one year , ended up with a new PC due to a very bad virus that got past webroot . And then about 18 months later I get a bill on my Visa for a new subscription . There was no invoice or bill emailed to me alerting me to this just there it was . After being on hold for over two hours I tried emailing and yes they called the next day . The guy said they had no record of me or the transaction . If you like your computer and your visa account do not use webroot .
 I have had Spy Sweeper Version 4.5 for many months and was very happy with it . I upgraded to Version 5.07 and have had nothing but issues . I have Windows XP and 2.5 G of memory . Spy Sweeper windows appear but are non-active , can not be closed and do not respond to mouse actions . With the internet turned off , Spy Sweeper window appears stating internet connection not available ; again window can not be closed . Sometimes there are as many as 3 Spy Sweeper ICONs in the System Tray -LRB- bottom of Windows Interface -RRB- and there will be 3 sets of windows on the screen ; all 3 non-active . I sent an email to Webroot concerning these items ; received an email congradulating me for buying their product . Stay with version 4.5 or look at other products .
 My brother was given Spy Sweeper when he purchased his computer from Best Buy a few months ago . He 's had some problems with pop-ups and slow performance . I checked out his computer using using two other reputable spyware removers and found anywhere from 17 to 29 threats while ` Spy Sweeper ' caught a total of ZERO threats . ` Spy Sweeper ' is easily the worst spyware remover I 've ever used . The free version of ` Spyware Doctor ' I have one my computer blows ` Spy Sweeper ' away and I 'm shocked this program gets so many positive reviews.I highly recommend getting ` Spyware Doctor ' or ` Pest Control ' over ` Spy Sweeper ' . I honestly would n't even use ` Spy Sweeper ' as a secondary spyware remover.Now my brother is going to have to go and shell out another $ 30.00 on a spyware remover that actually works . I 'm glad I did n't buy ` Spy Sweeper ' for my computer.P.S . - I just went to save the review and got another pop-up . Please consider getting something else .
 I was using the trial version , and since the trial expired , I bought this software today -LRB- directly from Webroot -RRB- . When I installed it , it crashed my computer -LRB- twice -RRB- . I purchased a two-year subscription , and I am kicking myself about it . I noticed that one reviewer mentioned that spy sweeper has compatibility issues with Adobe . I have Photoshop Elements installed on my machine . Perhaps that 's what is causing the problem . In any case , I recommend that you beware of this program !
 If I could , I would give it 0 stars.I am not a troll . I am a computer technician who is a little cranky after having gotten very little sleep . My client had installed Webroot SpySweeper , despite which , their system was riddled with viruses , trojans , adware , etc. . Their recovery disk gave an I/O error , which left me stuck with cleaning the system by hand . I used Malwarebytes , which is free , by the wasy , in Safe Mode , and that cleaned things up . Then in preparation for installing some new anti-malware solutions , I removed their non functioning version of Norton , which was fine , because Norton is a legitimate company which provides a removal tool . Not so with Webroot SpySweeper . Webroot 's removal tool does n't do squat , to say the least . Go ahead , google Webroot SpySweeper and Remove . You 'll get a bunch of entries about how great Webroot is , and some in which someone goes on boards and shills another wonderful `` free '' product . I spent a good hour and a half hand editing the registry , but still , both AVG and Avast say that Webroot is on there , and they wo n't install or run properly . It is frustrating beyond belief to have heroically saved my client 's system , only to be stuck on the step of removing this useless garbage.I find it entirely possible that Webroot is itself malware . At very least , if you are foolish enough to install it , you will never , ever remove it . A legitimate , above-board product can be uninstalled . Leave this page forever , and never come back . Use something free and legitimate , like AVG , Avast , Soybot , AdAware -LRB- note that Spybot and AdAware can work together , and along with a virus scanner -RRB- . You have been warned .
 5.5.1 is a joke , and the Webroot response to my requests for help is a joke , consider different antispyware , or use 5.3.1 , period .
 Once you get the program on your computer , and it fails , WHICH IT WILL , there is no way to remove the program not even using the Remove Program in Control Panel . And , if you do buy this program and load it on your computer , DO NOT , set the program for Automatic Updates . This program is not what it is advertised to be . I will have to find another software that will remove this program as Windows ca n't remove the program from its own files.I would look elsewhere for Spy Sweeping software as this program is not worth the time , expense and problems . Spybot Search and Destroy is still one of the better programs in this category .
 It works poorly , Free version of `` AD_AWARE '' does a better job . Do n't waste your time or money on this product !!! -LRB- Retired Network Administrator ; computer support since 1987 -RRB-
 Bought and installed the program on my desktop computer . Afterwards the PC started freezing up and crashing - removed program and PC worked fine again . Then installed the program on my laptop - same result , experienced lots of crashes and PC freezing up . Uninstalled the program and PC was fine again.No support from WebRootDo n't buy this program , it 's a waste of time and money !
 I 've used Spy Sweeper for years but when I upgraded to version 5 I soon had cause to regret it . It never completes a scan without causing the computer to crash . If it is running in the background , windows explorer will then have problems . I 'm now shopping for something to replace it .
 not impressed when compared to Lavasoft 's Adaware product which is free . I actually use Webroot 's product as a backup to Lavasoft
 Overall , there 's nothing overtly wrong with the product . The problem is that they -LRB- and others -RRB- try to lock you into an annual subscription plan while raising prices every year -LRB- for example , these guys went from charging less then $ 20 for a 3-user version to charging $ 20 per user -RRB- . Ther are numerous similar products out there and they all pretty much work similarly . The thing is , none of these products would have been necessary if Microsoft made theie Windows products better . All of these guys are now trying to make as much money as possible while they can because they all know it 's not going to last . Most of these companies will be out of business in another couple of years . The product may be necessary now so buy the least expensive one out there from a reputable company . No matter who you buy from , the product will slow your system down .
 I read all the reviews before buying this . I decided that despite negatives people had written I would purchase it for the security . I installed the product and immediately my machine slowed to a snails crawl . I had been using Spybot Search and Destroy -LRB- free -RRB- but thought by buying this I would be improving my security . On the first sweep SpySweeper did n't find anything that Spybot had n't found . After struggling through my slow machine performance I tried to simply switch SpySweeper off , I could n't do it ! It had crashed my machine . Eventually I got it turned off after having to reboot 3 times and , as if a miracle , my machine performance returned to normal . I can only think that anyone who has good things to say about must have an older version that apparently works or does n't know how their machine should work . Take my advice and save your money !
 I installed the most recent version of SpySweeper , and my system performance plummeted . Granted , my computer is older and has 512MB RAM , but there is no way a spyware program should require 256MB RAM . Think about it
 This product can remove spyware just as many other products can . But the main reason to get it is to * prevent * spyware from installing in the first place . The `` Shields '' in Spy Sweeper are supposed to block spyware from getting onto your PC . However , it is very important to realize that the `` Shields '' will not work unless you are using Internet Explorer . If you use one of the many other browsers , you 're out of luck and I would not get this product since it does n't do much more than freeware . There are many reasons to use other browsers besides IE , as they are custom designed to do certain things better -LRB- faster , safer , whatever -RRB- , but that 's not something to debate here . The main point is that if you use Firefox/Mozilla or Netscape or Opera or whatever browser you fancy , the `` Shields '' will not work . That is NOT made clear on the packaging or advertizing or technical info for this product , and hence my disappointment and low rating . If you use IE , then this is a good product .
 As many people in these reviews have claimed , version 5 is a real hog . After installing and running the application for a few days , I was forced to remove it . It slowed everything to a crawl . Switching between windows took 2 seconds . My CPU usage was usually at 90 to 100 percent . Fortunately for me , the disk I purchased had version 4.5 available as well . I have been running that version for about a day without the same problems . I would recommend to my friends and family to avoid version 5 . Sincerely , Steve in Florida
 GOOD
 I purchased SpySleeper to fix a recent infection in my computer . Although it detected and cleaned 2 trojans
 4.5 was fine until I updated it to 5.5 . You will Kill your computer going from 4.5 to 5.5 . The update killed 2 of my 4 computers before I could remove Spy Sweeper from them .
 Spysweeper went to the dark side with version 5 , avoid it . It slows your machine down . It also had conflicts with Thunderbird email on my machine.Uninstalling Spysweeper speeded up my computer.PLUS -- > Try and turn Spysweeper off . If you uncheck the load at start-up option and restart your computer Spysweeper is still running -- check it out in the task manager . So Spysweeper makes your computer run slower , and runs in the background even if you do n't want it to -- is n't that the kind of software behavior it supposed to be preventing ?? Once Spysweeper was uninstalled my email ports showed a lot less weird port activity too . Hmm .
 I have felt a bit guilty for downloading and using alot of the free programs you find on shareware sites for some time now . You know the ones , where the program designers ask you very humbly to make a donation -LRB- and you never do -RRB- , but the program works perfectly , and your machine hums right along . Well I finaly decided to anti up , and buy an anti spyware program . What a mistake to buy this Webroot product . My computer hates me -LRB- I am sure -RRB- for the pain I have put it through . As soon -LRB- I mean within seconds -RRB- of installing this product , my computer had a stroke . After installing the program , I did what was recomended and searched for updates to the spyware data base . My internet froze during the search . I decided to reboot again , and the computer would not shut down . Forced it to shut down by holding the power button . Went to start up again and the computer never went past the spy sweeper splash screen . Two more forced shutdowns and restarts , and my computer was up and running ... I thought . Talk about S L O W. Decided I had had enough of the slow computer , so I omitted the program from my start menu figuring it would not be running in the background slowing things down , but I would be able to open the program every other day or so and do an update and scan . This seemed to make matters worse . My computer lost ALL stability in every function . Anyway , the program is gone now , I backed my computer up to a week ago , and everything is good , exept that I am out 30 bucks . Next time -LRB- maybe right now -RRB- I will donate $ 30 to Spybot . Last thing ... not convinced ? ... go to Webroot 's website , imagine you have a problem , and just TRY to find an answer . The worst product help and fix pages I have ever seen on a website .
 I have used Spy Sweeper on all of my machines ever since it was able to remove spyware that Ad-Aware and Spybot Search & Destroy did n't even detect . I have recommended it many times.Then I updated to version 5 . As others have observed , it causes other application to consume 2 - 3 times as much memory as before and gradually brings your system to its knees . Other reviewers have already adequately described the problems.What pushed me over the line from advocate to adversary was their support . Their online support was patronizing at best . I have 1GB of system memory with few auto-loading programs and yet the tech just kept suggesting that I just needed to free up more memory . -LRB- After booting , more than half of my memory is free . -RRB- This exchange could have been just one bad employee , but Webroot 's attitude extends to their online presence.Unlike most other software vendors , they do NOT host a forum to discuss tweaks and work arounds . Webroot offers canned FAQs instead . Rather than acknowledging that this release has issues , they posted an FAQ with instructions on how to use MSCONFIG to stop other programs from auto-loading . Instead of listening to their customers , Webroot is busy telling us how we are all wrong.Note
 Spysweeper used to be a great product . Fast , thorough , andcaught stuff that the other great standard SpyBot S&D ; -LRB- whichis FREE -RRB- would n't catch.With recent updates , SpySweeper has become incredibly slow.Sweep times on my PC went from 2 hours to 24 hours.I 've now been back and forth with tech support for overfour months . Their helpful `` proposed solutions '' are alwayssomething like
 After running Spysweeper for a week , it reported that a program update was available . I accepted the update , it installed the update and then I got an Error that it could not connect to it 's server . What a pain . I contacted Webroot support and they provided instructions on how to uninstall Spysweeper and I had to reinstall . This error went away after the reinstall but now multiple instances of the program run after logging into Windows XP in my kids account and then my account . This really slows my PC down .
 I have been using Spy Sweeper since version 3 and it was a wonderful product - fast , efficient , well supported , and it caught a lot of malware . I had been putting off installing version 5 until last week . It installed just fine , but it then proceeded to grab 99 % of my CPU cycles and refused to let go . The utilization throttle was useless ; rebooting was useless , and I could n't turn it off or disable it . I tried to uninstall it and the uninstaller broke - now I was in real trouble . I sent of a desperate plea for help to Webroot explaining the problem and the failed uninstall - no response . Finally , in desperation , I booted my machine into safe mode from the Admin account - it was still running ! But I was also able to start deleting its registry keys and executables until 2 hours and 3 reboots later , it was finally eliminated . Speaking of Malware ! I reinstalled version 4.5 and it is happily catching cookies and not abusing me or my machine . OS
 Longtime webroot user but version 5 is bust . Have confirmed this with two machines and the new build does NOT fix the issue.Version 4.5 did not have this issue at all - so either run that or choose another program until this is reported as resolved .
 good at catching the cookie spies etc. . BUT ... IF YOU LIKE HAVING TO TURN YOUR COMPUTER OFF EVERY 3-4 MINUTES BECAUSE IT CRASHES ... get this ... I have windows xp. , tried 4.5 , and for above reason switched to the 5 . in hopes they would have fixed the spyware problem ... but no . I now use NOADWARE . . maybe not quiet as good as Webroot , but close enough , and no more crashing . If Noadware could incorporate some of Webroots tools , that would be fantastic . . but nothing in life gives you EVERYTHING ... but
 I purchased two copies . I installed one on MS Windows XP Homewith a direct connection . It nailed the spyware.The second copy was installed on a MS Windows XP Pro behind ahardware firewall . For security reasons this firewall onlyallows HTTP on ports 80 , 443 , and 563 . Webroot 's programupdate works in this environment ; but their definition updatefailes . For the definition updates , they use HTTP over arange of ports . Microsoft , Intuit , Trend Micro have allfigured out that non-standard ports are unreliable.On both systems I scheduled a weekly sweep . It works onthe XP Home version as there is only one user . On the XP Prosystem , it fails because the adminstration user was not loggedin at the time of the sweep . Again for security , I rarelylogin as adminstrator ; so this sweep feature is useless.I am also running another company 's anti-virus , which has noneof these problems . When Webroot 's software requires renewal , I will give it the boot and try someone else 's anti-spyware .
 Webroot Spy Sweeper did manage to find and delete a few more cookies on my system than did the TrendMicro suite 's spyware scan , but it caused major problems on my system , because it installs a feature that take control of the disk at boottime , meaning that necessary Windows programs such as CHKDSK -LRB- used to correct disk errors -RRB- wo n't run at boot time , instead complaining the drive is locked by another program . Webroot suggest uninstalling their program and running a RegClean utility , but that does n't clear this up , I had to restore my system to the state it was in before I installed SpySweeper . So SpySweeper itself is installing spyware and creating more problems than it solves ! If you buy this program , at least create a restore point bfeore you install it so you can reverse the process if necessary .
 Many other spy ware programs work better . PLUS Webroot constantly trys to sell you an upgrade . Seldom if ever real upgrades from these guys . I do not know how this Antispyware got its high rating ????? Some of the free ones catch invaders that this one misses . SpyBot Search & Destroy is the best .
 When installed it took over 5 minutes to run through my computer to find the spyware . Then all it will do is quarantine them , not get rid of them which means they are taking up space on my hard drive . And when I get online , I still download adware . They claim that their product will keep more adware and spyware from getting on my computer by blocking more attacks but I have on my computer right now a popup about a virus with a trojan called -LRB- iworm_attck_v122 .02 a -RRB- I have had this warning twice before on two other viruses and it turns out to be an adware for some antivirus software antivirus golden v. 3 something and this antivirus was reccomended by Norton antivirus software ! I have also just had a popup about my computer being infected with some WIN something virus another trojan . As soon as I get off I am going to run my antivirus software from Norton AGAIN for the 4TH time today !!! So , my opinion of this software is IT STINKS !!!! I intend to use the cd as target practice at the range . I know , maybe i should try to get my money back but its not worth the hassle . I will take my fustrations out on the cd and warn everyone I know NOT TO BUY THIS COMPANY 's products ever ! And I hope the company goes under ! I would really like to rate this as lower then one star . Like about 1/100th of a star and I consider that rating to high !
 I have been using Spysweeper for years and liked it . No more . I have a older machine that runs well . Until I put 5.0 on it . This is a case of the cure being worse than the disease ! ONLY consider this if you are running over a gig of memory at above 2 GHz . Probably need a dual core and a huge L2 cache with RAID 0 twin hard drives , too . Even then , once you up-grade to VISTA -LRB- Spring '07 -LRB- ?! -RRB- -RRB- forget about it ! SO if you spent $ 2000 + on a box this spring or $ 1500 + on a box this summer you might want to consider this POC . -LRB- Be sure to ask Webroot about VISTA compatibility -RRB- . I 'm using my older version of Spysweeper and Adaware , too . Next spring I 'll get a better program thats VISTA compatible . BTW , I use NORTON A-V and it is so INTRUSIVE that it makes you believe that a virus infection would be an improvement . Another product I will not buy again .
 I just want to add to other user comments that I 've had the same experience as other customers with Spy Sweeper 5 . After using and being very satisfied with earlier releases of this formerly excellent software , I upgraded to version 5 and was astonished by the appalling performance hit it produced in my system , literally taking control for 30 seconds at a time every few minutes and rendering all other actions impossible . When I checked Web Roots on-line support -LRB- where it was obvious other customers had been having similar trouble -RRB- , there was only a patronizing suggestion that users eliminate programs from the startup folder . When I phoned customer support , I got the same advice from a belligerent tech person who basically said it was my fault for running the software on an inadequate computer -LRB- mine is a top-of-the-line Dell laptop purchased in the past year -RRB- . I asked for a refund and uninstalled the program ; Web Root has lost me as a customer . People definitely should n't buy this program , and Web Root needs to rethink its relationship to its customers . A heartfelt apology and a clear plan for fixing the problems with its software is the minimum needed for damage control .
 I used Spy Sweeper since 2003 . Great product and never had any real issues with it until ... V5 . While it was excessive with resources and slowed considerably I continued to use it because it did its job and did it quite well ... until version 5.5.7 . After upgrading to 5.5.7 my desktop failed to appear after boot . Basically Spy Sweeper disabled my entire pc . I could only do a hard and lengthy reboot and the same thing happened . The desktop failed to appear , no functions were available . If by chance the desktop did appear , it locked up soon after . This behavior was consistent on 2 PCs and a laptop . I ca n't run the latest first person shooters on them but they are robust with 1G Ram -LRB- one with 2GB because I edit a ton of audio and video since I dabble in filmmaking -RRB- . After opening a ticket and several exchanges with webroot it was suggested I call for phone support . After several tries and being left on hold for -LRB- realistically it was probably 20-25 minutes -RRB- but felt longer , I used a removal tool I received from webroot to remove 5.5.7 and reinstalled the older 5.3 Couple months later one subscription expired so I decided to remove Spy Sweeper from that PC . I tried using Windows and CCleaner to uninstall but it did n't work . I use the removal tool from Webroot and that worked . But on reboot , my PC locked up when any key on the keyboard is pressed . I try to reinstall from the CD and that does n't work because I need to enter the key code and the keyboard locks up the entire PC . So I do a system restore to the previous day . Then I tried to install from the CD again but I get the same error message as when I tried to uninstall . The unins00 yada yada is missing.So to fix this , I log in using Safe Mode . I delete the Spy Sweeper files manually , one by one except for one that would n't delete . Then I deleted the registy entries . I rebooted and tried again to install from the disk . That worked . Then I uninstalled using the normal Spy Sweeper uninstaller and FINALLY , that worked and the software is removed from my system . I run CCleaner and remove the excess files and registy entries.After an extensive search I found a replacement for Spy Sweeper I 'm happy with . I do n't know what happened to it . It was an incredibly good product that appears to have gone really bad . I can only hope they fix the issues with Spy Sweeper and get it back to being the dependable , well oiled product it used to be .
 All went well with Spy Sweeper -LRB- in use on my machines since 1-06 -RRB- until the last release . I had no idea why my computers were running so slowly until I started disabling background programs one by one . Turning off Spy Sweeper reduced Internet Explorer load time by more than 50 % . In the future , I will just run Spy Sweeper for periodic checkups . What a blunder on Webroot 's part to release this version .
 If you are willing to wait for half a day -LRB- it feels like that -RRB- before the program loads when you start up your computerthis is the program for you.When my harddisc crashed I lost my keycode and asked for customer 's support.Instead of sending the keycode to my email-address the live person who was supposed to help me claimed it had been sentbut filtered away . How did his email survive the filter ? This company ripped me of $ 20.00 Install Spybot instead - it is free and donate some money.Bengt LarssonSweden
 I read and purchased this software because of the great reviews it receved . It did not live up to the reviews !!! Yes todays spyware is changing and getting more aggresive . The problems I had were the spyware was succesful 90 % of the time disabling the data base and looping back the webroot web update site by blocking the site in the host file.This kept me rebuilding my host file and unblocking update sites not only webroots but others also . Untill I could remove the problem . With your deffinition database corrupted you have to start all over again and reinstall even the program updates.And their update process is very slow !! You have to Re-confirm your subscription then wait untill they send you a E-Mail link to get the update.I Would suggest a Spyware software that protects its database.ZoneAlarm anti-Spyware and Trend-Micro anti-spyware were the programs that cured most of my problems . Spyware is moving fast in new ways and if the company 's dont keep up we 'll all suffer .
 FOR US PREVIOUS USERS OF WEBROOT SPYSWEEPER PROGRAM , WE KNOW HOW WELL IT TEARS THROUGH AND ELIMINATES 99.9 % OF THE THREATS OUT THERE . IT 'S ALWAYS BEEN ABLE TO DETECT THINGS THAT OTHER PROGRAMS CA N'T , BUT VERSION 5.0 IS THE WORST ABOMINATION OF WEBROOT SPYSWEEPER I HAVE EVER SEEN ! ITS ALMOST AS BAD AS WINDOWS ME . DO NOT UPGRADE TO THIS VERSION UNTIL THEY HAVE ELIMINATED A LOT OF THE BUGS THAT EXIST IN THE PROGRAM . ITS EXTREMELY BUGGY AND DOES N'T PLAY WELL WITH NORTON ANTI-VIRUS . I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A FIRM BELIEVER IN SPYSWEEPER , IT WORKS REALLY WELL , BUT 5.0 IS A FLOP . ITS A SERIOUS RESOURCE HOG AND TECH SUPPORT IS NON-EXISTANT . YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED .
 I was very happy with the previous 4.x version , but Webroot really blew it with this one . When I `` upgraded '' to 5.0 , the SpySweeper.exe process suddenly started chewing up CPU like crazy . Periodically it would slow the system to a crawl for minutes , and more frequently it would hog all the CPU for shorter periods.And get this -- as it fires up these cpu-hogging episodes it steals focus for a second or two from the active window , so whatever you 're typing goes into thin air ! This happens several times an hour , so it absolutely drove me crazy.Submitting a trouble ticket on this priority-1 problem got me not a single response from `` support '' , so I finally had to uninstall the product so I could get some work done . This is a completely unacceptable release that should never have made it past QA .
 bought a copy and agreed to try their Beta version - it slowed down my computer and uses 99 % of the CPU - so I tried to uninstall it - and could n'twrote to webroot - their response - via nonreply emails - in which they ask you to contact them !!! - was to tell me to uninstall the programconclusion - they do n't listen , do n't respond , and are unreachablestoooopid - and very very annoying
 I have to say that this product is a waste of money . You are better off getting a security suite that includes spyware sweeper . I have compared this product to others and I have to say that it is not worth the additional money spent . In fact , Microsoft 's spyware sweeper which is free is just as good or better . I have also tried other products , some store bought and some free , and this product does not warrant the expenditure . I had problems with this product so I called their tech support and was informed by the automated message that there is a long wait and that if I wanted better support I had to pay for the faster tech support . I was then informed that I had to wait 45 minutes . Needless to say I do n't think that this product warrants 45 minutes of wait time to get it fixed . I will never purchase a Webroot product ever again .
 This software should be avoided at all costs . It is buggy and they make their money from troubleshooting their own bugs .
 I was tolerant of the occasional nagging , unnecessary popups for about a year , but then I upgraded to the latest version ... to my regret . My Windows XP system then slowed to a crawl upon startup , when Webroot Spysweeper automatically started with Windows and actually locked up for several minutes every time I booted into Win XP . As soon as I disabled Webroot Spysweeper from starting with Windows , my system returned to its usual speedy performance upon startup . Regretfully I will have to do away with Webroot after using it for several years , and find another spysweeper . I can not recommend it at all . In fact one star is too many .
 I hardly ever review products , but I check them on Amazon alot before I buy . Now for Webroot Spy-jacker . I bought the software at Walmart a year ago it worked fine at the start , as soon as I downloaded the latest version upgrade I think it was 5.2 or 5.5 -LRB- do n't install their anti-virus if the disc comes with it you 'll regret it -RRB- anyway it turned into a hijack . I could n't get on the internet anymore , this program would take over to update it 's definitions and locked up everything . What I would try to do was right click the icon as soon as possible after start up to shut it off , or I 'd have to leave the computer on 24/7 so it could up date at will , even then it would be busy some times or update while you were doing somthing and your computer would freeze up . Then the time to renew notices started comming 8 mos . before it expired . Any way I uninstalled the program , I could n't take the Hi-jacking any more , my Yahoo tool bar spy sweeper found more than webroot , I run that . and since COX now offers McAfee internet suite for free -LRB- it scans everything -RRB- I dropped Norton -LRB- they were missing alot of spy/maleware -RRB- that Yahoo tool bar found , So I 'm saving $ 70.00 . I suggest you read all reviews you can find before you buy any software , SPYWARE will slow your computer down to a CRAWL . AVOID THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!
 I would have rated this item zero stars if I knew how to do that.Prevalent , persistent false positives.Laughably over-rates `` danger '' of cookies.Evidently misleads/frightens neophytes -LRB- intentionally , IMO -RRB- .
 Like many reviewers here I had to remove this product from my computer . After installation everything slowed to a crawl and frequently froze completely . Now I 'm far from a computer expert but everything was back to normal as soon as I removed it . The only reason it has one star is Amazon wo n't allow reviews with no stars .
 I have been using this product for a couple of years now . With the release of the 5.0-5 .2 it has gone to trash . First I paid a $ 10 fee to upgrade to the new anti-virus version , which will not activate . Then my subscription status , which I just renewed for -LRB- sadly -RRB- two years right before the upgrade , went inactive and wont reactivate . When I contacted their tech support the only thing they could say was click the update button . Needless to say it did n't work any of the numerous times I tried it . When I contacted their tech support again they could only add , turn off the firewall and then hit update . The mind boggles here since I was using THEIR firewall !!! Needless to say it still did n't work . I am now in the process of trying to get a refund for at least the upgrade , and I will NEVER be using any of their products again after the hassle and frustration they have put me through.I have since switched to PC Tools Spyware Doctor , and have no problems . This is what spysweeper used to be
 Generally speaking , to get the best performance from any operating system a clean install of a full version is recommended . The best choice is to choose a full version of the product and enjoy the benefits of not being left with artifacts and leftover 's of your previous operating system which can lead to instability in certain cases . I would only buy this on a limited budget .
 I used it on a MAC . It might identify a virus but it wo n't fix it so you have to delete the file . Gee , brilliant . And not at all helpful . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'm afraid I had many difficulties playing this game . I tried running this on my desktop which uses windows 7 but it did n't work . I ran it on a older system and works beautifully ! I love this game and it was a huge part on my childhood but I wish it ran on some of the newer systems.Sincerely , Dgeo200026
 I purchased Hype for my son but it would not run properly on our PC , so he never got to play it . I tried phoning the toll-free number provided in the manual , but it played a message giving a long distance number to call for support . I also tried the Ubisoft web page . There was very little information available , and nothing that helped me with the issue I was having . I tried sending email to tech support but never received a reply . I finally decided to give up and returned the game . I will certainly avoid purchasing software from Ubisoft in the future .
 I paid for this software and used it for nearly a year . For the past few months I 've had lots of problems with it - freezing my computer , not working when I click on it , getting free trial prompts even though I already have it , etc. . I called support-you just get to leave a voicemail message that they do n't return . I also received no response to my email support request . I am sure there are other programs like this that have organizations standing behind them for support - this is kind of fly-by-night .
 I 'm really not sure what all the hoopala is about this product . Under it 's `` protection '' I ended up with an `` infection '' that ultimately caused my PC to stop functioning altogether -LRB- and yes , I religiously downloaded the updates -RRB- . Luckily , I managed to save my data . While this was happening I was trying to get some help from the Trend Micro support organization . I had escalated the problem and went through many push-ups to provide the information they requested . In the end , they stonewalled my case while I watched my PC die on the vine . Had I known they did n't care I would n't have bothered . I had naively thought they might care to find out what was infecting my PC so that they could apply the knowledge gained to other customers . After all , that IS their BUSINESS . I 'll take Norton back thank you very much .
 Like others , this software caused my system to shut down . After two months , my computer was full of Adware and Spyware , as a matter of fact , it had over 600 of them !! I had to take it to a professional to clean out my system and trust me i lost a lot of old programs in the process . I have decided that Anti-Virus ware is just a hoax . I did n't have it on my old computer for four years , and never got a virus . Then I installed a scanner , and then I got viruses and Spyware . I believe the Antispyware and Antivirus ware BRING viruses to your computer by creating them , then you have to keep buying more of thier lameass products because you believe that they help . BULL !! I am better off not having anything , rather then this piece of junk !!! Unfriendly staff , and i had to spend over $ 100 on repairs ...
 I purchased this software and attempted to install it . It installed easily and with no initial problems . After setting up all the fine tuning , I rebooted the computer . Upon the reboot , the computer froze , so I had to manually shut down . After restarting the computer , I received the SCANDISK tool to clean up the errors on the drive . The major problem here is that the ScanDisk does not finish , but keeps restarting . The only way to get to my homepage was to cancel the scandisk . When I manually start the scandisk , I get the same problem , ScanDisk does not finish . I do everything , shut the PC Cillin down and exit it out , do the control alt del , but to no help . I uninstalled it , and then tried the scan disk , and WOW , it works fine and quickly ! I reinstall PC cillin after deleting all the old files , and WOW , , , it restarts the scandisk all over like I explained before !! . . . I try emailing TECH support but get the same answer as I already knew . . to shut down via the small icon prior to using scandisk . I sent 3 emails with different info ref the problem , but I receive back a simple 2 line answer ... shut down via the small icon ! . . I then try calling tech support in the pm hours ... on hold for approx 45 min , , then I hang up . . I call the next morning and I get ahold of someone with 5 minutes ... GREAT ! . . I explain the problem and also what I have done so far . . The tech 's answer was that PC Cillin Internet Security 2004 has a major problem . . It has been documented by the TECH support that it will not work with ScanDisk WHILE installed . I am using V-Com SystemSuite 5 and the ScanDisk does not work for that one either or the Microsoft 's scandisk tool.The Tech 's final answer was you can have either one or the other , but not both working on you computer at the same time . There is no immediate fix for this problem.Great , now I have software that can not be used . PC Cillin Internet Security will no longer be purchased by me .
 Norton 's 2004 was seriously flawed and allowed the Netsky to get on my computer . So I tried PC-Cilllin . It works fine in Real-Scan mode . But on both of my computers it froze while executing manual scans . I called tech support which was very polite . But when I mentioned the tendency of the program to freeze on manual scan mode , the very polite tech support person told me the Real-Time scan mode was taking care of things . He pretty much ignored my complaints about the fact it freezes in manual mode even after I repeated the complaint several times . If it happened on only one computer , I could chalk it up to some idiosychrasy . But the fact it happens on both , means that the program needs some work.I finally switched to McAfee Virus Scan 2004 which so far seems faster and more stable . Right now it looks like McAfee is the one to get .
 I ordered this product because of all the praising reviews I read on the Amazon site . After installing it I only got problems -LRB- program could not update ; I could not send emails ; various error messages -RRB- . I spent hours on the phone with tech support , only to be frustrated more for it was a waste of time with no resolution yet . Very disappointing ... !! I give it 2 stars instead of 1 for I am still hoping that at some time it may work and I may then experience what all those glorious reviews are all about .
 Proceed with caution . Trend Micro , during installation , checks for certain other software applications already resident on your computer . I experienced a conflict where PC-cillin will not install with Zone Alarm Pro v4 .5 on my system . The PC-cillin installation program conveniently asks if I wish to unistall Zone Alarm . Trend Micro tech support initially suggested a work-around using an executable program they stated I could find on the installation CD . Unfortunately , the program they suggested did not exist on the product installation disk . Even worse , they suggested the same unworkable fix on two different occassions -LRB- it appears the various tech support personnel did not read the entire mail chain prior to responding -RRB- . After four days of correspondence , Trend Micro tech supports final guidance was that the `` only option is to uninstall Zone Alarm , install PC-cillin , unistall the PC-cillin built-in firewall , then install Zone Alarm '' -LRB- and then I should note , spend a bit more of my time reconfiguring the previously optimized Zone Alarm firewall -RRB- . My next e-mail will be to amazon.com to see how I return PC-cillin .
 This product was advertised as providing anti-virus and firewall functionality . It did provide Trend Anti-Virus functionality , which I respect and have previously recommended to friends . It does not , however , provide competent firewall functionality . After installing the product , my other computer -LRB- running Norton AV and ZoneAlarm firewall -RRB- started immediately complaining about receiving network traffic from the PC-Cillin machine . I have not had this problem before using PC-Cillin and having since uninstalled PC-Cillin , am no longer experiencing this problem . I 've experimented with a lot of firewall software over the past several years -LRB- ZoneAlarm , Tiny , Tiny Professional , Sygate -RRB- and never seen similar behavior . This product may be a good price and may be easy to install , but I 'm taking my money elsewhere .
 i bought pc-cillin based on amazon reviews and was happy until by chance i compared it to zone alarm pro on a 15 day free trialzone alarm pro makes me feel more secure it let me know in detail of security violations attempts in small unobstrusive windows you can really see that the program is protecting your computer A LOT MORE than pc-cillin . Since i installed zone alarmi notice there is less work for lavasoft a program designed to scan your computer for files and cookies that may dig into your personal info . in sum it is my assesment that zone alarm is better than pc-cillin perhaps much better specially the firewall
 I had been using Norton 's Internet Security 2003 , and was more or less happy with its performance . Because I do n't have a credit card , I ca n't renew my subscriptions online , so I thought I would buy the 2004 upgrade . But the poor reviews ... I based my decision to purchase Trend Micro 's PC-cillin on the strength of the reviews it received at Amazon.com . I 'm sorry to say that my experiences with this software fell well short of my expectations.The installation went smoothly enough , and within thirty minutes , I received a message stating that PC-cillin had found a virus . I figured this is great , it 's protecting my system . But when I attempted to move on to quarantine the virus , PC-cillin crashed and took my whole system down with it.I rebooted , and discovered a number of shortcut icons on my desktop that had never been there before . At first I thought they were applications related to the Trend Micro software , but a little experimenting quickly confirmed that PC-cillin had allowed the installation of a number of programs off of the Internet that I never authorized . One of those was a search bar that proved particularly troublesome because it would crash before it could initialize and lock my system up.I emailed Trend Micro about the problem and never received a response.Ultimately , these problems forced me to revert my hard drive to a time before PC-cillin 's installation . Aside from the cost in aggravation , I also lost a day of productive work as a result of this fiasco.Given the product 's exceedingly poor performance , and Trend Micro 's failure to stand by its product , I would avoid this application . By the grace of my brother 's generosity and his bulletproof credit rating , I renewed my subscription to Norton Internet Security 2003 and have n't had any problems since .
 I read all of the reviews here and elsewhere about how great this product is , so I went ahead and purchased it.Though I * think * it 's probably doing a decent job of protecting me , the User Interface is so minimalist and unintuitive that it 's hard to tell exactly what it 's doing and has done . For example , the logging of events / actions is very minimal and terse compared to other products I 've tried -LRB- like ZoneAlarm and McAfee for example -RRB- . In general the UI is confusing and unintuitive . For example , I tried to configure it to automatically do a virus scan on CD-ROMs that I insert . But there seems to be no way to configure it to do this , but the UI is so bad that I 'm not even confident that there * is n't * a way to do it , but I ca n't figure out how to if there is . For virus scanning , this ought to be the * default * configuration , or at least an obvious option to set , vs. something that does n't even seem possible with this product.In retrospect I wish I 'd tried it -LRB- which you can do via a free trial download at their website -RRB- before buying it , and I do n't think I 'd have bought it if I did . I 'd recommend trying the McAfee and ZoneAlarm products in addition to this one before buying any of them .
 This program is not good.Caused my system to crash.Trend Micro tech support is no good .
 I am glad to see that this product works well for you -LRB- and for many other users -RRB- but it would be nice if you do n't respond to every negative review of this product with your own 5-star rebuttal . All you are doing is skewing the average rating and you come across as a shill for Trend Micro !
 This thing first caused my Compaq laptop to run extremely slowly , then caused it to crash , losing all data . Repeated e-mails to the company when it was acting strangely were ignored . Do NOT buy this software ... it will cause more damage than it prevents ! I tried to rate it 0 stars , but 1 was the least I was allowed to give it .
 I got more pop-ups and more headaches than before.I tried to register and my computer was bombarded with dozens of pop-ups . Maybe the CD itself is infected.Where is Anti-Spyware feature ? I do n't see it.It also slows down the system.Definitely it was a bad choice.Expensive too.DON ' T BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It seems that the reviews of this software fall into 2 categories
 I bought it and its awful ... I have Cable and it slows it down ... had to delete it from my system and go back to the other software I was using ... now everything is running great again
 Its awful ... it slows down your PC and has conflits with other programs ... I bought it and i sure am sorry I did ... Its awful . . dont waste your money on it ...
 Expensive program with almost no features other than what it says it does . Poor instructions on usage . I have had two months and have yet been unable to successfully utilize .
 This may be a fine product . It appears to do exactly what I need . Unfortunately , I 'm not able to launch the application . After buying direct from the Bias website on a Sunday afternoon -LRB- could have saved $ 50 buying form Amazon , but I 'm on deadline for a project -RRB- I am unable to authorize my legally purchased software . The application crashes during the authorization process . Since the software wo n't run without authorization , I 'm out of luck.I 've contacted tech support and submitted an email authorization request . I received an automatic response warning me that it may be 1 to 2 business days before I hear back from Bias . I might as well have ordered from Amazon.To be honest , if I had known that SoundSoap used this sort of software authorization scheme I probably would n't have purchased the product . This sort of restrictive DRM almost always harms legitimate consumers while doing nothing to stop piracy .
 Wo n't reply to emails.That reason alone is why I would never buy a product from this company again . When you buy a product , you need to know that the company is responsive . Not responding to email questions within 2 weeks , really sends the wrong signal . : - -LRB-
 I 've tried out about a dozen `` calorie counter '' web apps over the last few days . They 're all very similar , and most obviously tap into the same food/calorie database . This application runs as all of the others do , you painstakingly add in every thing you consume and a handful of graphics shows you your running calorie total.First big con - horrible customer service . For `` support '' they have unpaid volunteer customers -LRB- clueless as to software problems or updates -RRB- on their forum . Skim their forums for a sample of the snide attitude the forum community has ... ESPECIALLY do this if you 're going to BUY the product . Even my fellow CNET reviews state problems getting them to respond to technical failures after paying.Second big con - very greedy monetization scheme -LRB- which is a horrible combination with bad customer service -RRB- . Your options are to 1 -RRB- deal with a -LRB- best I can tell from comment ... purposefully -RRB- clunky free version that is so littered with ads it 'll crawl or 2 -RRB- pay them for a one year subscription -LRB- so you do n't even own the software for good -RRB- to their `` ad-free , slightly better designed '' application . If you 're going to pay - look through all the technical problems of their customers first . If you 're going to use the free version , invest in a very good ad blocker.The one differentiator I noticed -LRB- and what drew me initially -RRB- was they have a vitamin report that helps you gauge your dietary vitamin intake . However , there are several common nutrients missing -LRB- folic acid as a vitamin , grams of sugar consumed as another -RRB- . While at first glance the vitamin report made me settle on this product , I 'm incredibly annoyed at the clunky software , poor design -LRB- many step-throughs when adding food -RRB- , and attitude of the `` staff '' . In addition to the two big cons -LRB- customer service and expensive -RRB- , they 've also missed several obvious features . They have a slick set of graphs seeing if you met your `` food goals '' , but these goals are all based on the RDA values . It would be so much nicer if you could alter these based on your situation -LRB- pregnant , high blood pressure , heart problems ... all may have different goals -RRB- . Also , it has no feature to see how you 're doing avoiding bad things . For example , it 'd be nice to set a max sodium level or sugar level that also had a bar graph to see how well you 're doing.My recommendation would be to shop around a lot before settling on this product . There are so many fish out in the `` calorie counting app '' sea , and this one has some sour streaks in it .
 The drum sounds are good , but this is just a toy . It dose n't work with garage band without crashing and it can only be programed to simple meters .
 This piece of software does n't function properly at all.It does n't work with Apple Logic , contrary to what is advertised.It was written by an amateur programmer , and crashes very often - about 1 out of 2 kits that you open will quit unexpectedly.For a software drum machine to contain mostly live and acoustic drum samples does n't make much sense since software is mostly used for electronic music . No trance , or electronic samples at all.All that for over 50 dollars makes idrum way overpriced.Also the graphics were stolen from Garageband.A program like that should be freeware , or at the very most shareware .
 First , this thing can only be programmed in 4/4 . And you ca n't quantize ; you 're stuck with 16 , 32 , or 64 beats per measure . Forget about a genuine swing beat . Also , I 'm sure there are tom-tom drums somewhere among the drum menus but I ca n't find them . There are about a million snare samples and countless squeaks , blips , honks , etc. . If you 're doing club stuff this is probably a useful bit of software but if you 're looking for something that resembles a drum machine you 'd use for rock/pop/roots demos , forget about it . My ancient Yamaha RX17 is much more useful .
 If you 're serious about programming drums , do yourself a favor and buy Reason . Redrum , reason 's drum machine , is soo much more programmable , not to mention it lets you edit waaay more parameters than iDrum does and it comes with a BUNCH of samples . As an added bonus , reason has soo much more stuff for you to play with if you ever get the urge to add anything else to your songs .
 I recently bought an iMAC and was excited to use garageband . I needed a drum machine so I bought this program this program in the apple store . Within minutes of use I realized this is complete garbage . If you are looking to make rock beats with this just turn the other way and start walking . This program is meant for soldier boy or some other artist who utilizes fake sounds into repetitious beats .
 I bought this in a store so I ca n't return it ... oops . Very basic and does not integrate well with logic , but even if it did I would n't use it because Logic 's built in drum machine is better anyways . Just get the demo if you do n't believe me .
 After days of frustration - and with little help from the customer support department at Izotope - I was finally able to get this product to funtion properly . I was unable to change the rating above , but in fairness , I will give this product three stars . For the money , it does quite a bit . My main useage is to bring up , or `` maximize '' the levels of my final mixes which Ozone 3 does fairly well , but not quite as good as the comparable Waves L1 . Izotope needs to address its customer support department . No one should have to be on hold for an hour and then be disconnected at their closing time as I was .
 The game info includes XP compatible , but not for the all the games . When you go to test the vehicle that you fixed up , the screen goes black and all you can see is your vehicle . There are a few other areas that do n't work all the way . My five-year old loves the game , but is very frustrated that he ca n't do everything . There is no technical support from anyone as the game is too old .
 I was very disappointed with this product . As others have stated , most of the loops are sounds you probably would n't even use in the first place . Apples jam packs have much better loops . If your looking for some good loops I would look elsewhere .
 I 'm new to Final Cut and I thought this was an OK tutorial but it seems rushed . The instructor is good , speaks well and the screen captures are fine . But there are a number of mistakes such as missing infomation -LRB- section 10.5 the latching information is missing -RRB- duplicate information -LRB- Section 11.3 he exports to MPEG 4 twice -RRB- and other glitches like this . Also , they will not honor their money back guarentee unless you buy this from them directly . I probably wo n't be buying other products from this company .
 I bought the inside final Cut Express 2 training DVD and loved it . But thie inside final cut express HD 3.5 seemed like the same thing but from a different host . They should have brought back the old one and let him talk solely on the new features or make it a double disk with old and new features . Whatever you do , dont buy this if you already have inside final cut express 2 !
 I downloaded the demo from Screenplay Systems website & played around with it pretty intensively for several hours . The demo version has no expiration , but allows you to input no more than 20 story events -LRB- e.g. , chapters , subchapters , etc. -RRB- . However , it comes with a whole bunch of sample files , including complete outlines/timelines of Godfather II , Pulp Fiction , the Lord of the Rings trilogy , the Star Wars movies , Hamlet , Romeo & Juliet , & others . So I checked some of those out to see how the program worked , & also played around with outlinining the first three or so chapters of my novel-in-progress . My main question about Storyview was whether it 'll really help me _ work _ , or would be primarily a toy . I determined that , for my own purposes , it would mostly be a toy . That might be because of my style of working . Outlining has never helped my writing much -- too much of the story always depends on the actual writing & the discoveries made there . And writing an outline is never the same as the actual _ writing _ ... I looked at the LOTR outline/timeline , & I thought , well , JRR Tolkien wrote a completely comprehensible & imaginative trilogy _ without _ this software , so who did this outline ? Answer
 Having been bitten with the writing bug I set out to become the next great American novelist . I decided I did not want to use 3X5 cards to outline the plot of my novel and given the fact I am often less than well organized I turned to software designers to assist me in writing . After reviewing a dozen or so writing programs I downloaded the `` Storyview '' Demo as it seemed well reviewed and offered brainstorming features and online help/tutorials . My initial experience with the program was less than encouraging . I found the interface to be confining and more often than not confusing . The program 's tool bars are stuffed with dozens of ill identified buttons . Believing I just was not prepared to tackle the project I took to reading all the features of `` Storyview '' after working through the online tutorial and reading the entire help index I tried the process again with similar results . Writing with `` Storyview '' is a frustrating process.The examples provided were less than helpful . `` Storyview '' boasts being able to display ones entire story timeline , which is true but when you achieve any sort of detail the story elements become eye straining and text is presented in all different directions , inverted , If one wanted to insert a small scene somewhere two thirds of the way through the plot you would have to hunt for the place to put it scene by scene . I fail to see how this is an improvement over 3X5 cards . The problem being that the timeline is not an outline at all it is just a list of the narrative of the events in the story.The largest insult is the fact that the brainstorming template is a largely a blank page with three areas for story points , character summaries and story events . Wow that was helpful.In the end how did I plot out my story ? With 3X5 cards .
 I bought this product because I needed to install a specialized research program - made for Windows - on my MAC . The Cross Over Box listed on the box as `` compatible '' the particular research software - so it seemed like a secure deal . However , it turned out that Code Weavers did not allow this software to work on my computer . The website then explained that there 's a distinction between `` supported '' programs and `` compatible . '' The `` compatible '' ones listed on the box do n't always work.The product offers lots of online support but it 's not so easy to find what you need . Overall , it was not a good experience for me .
 For anyone using software involving Microsoft 's ActiveX control , this software does not work at all . : - \
 I purchased a new Mac Pro computer , read all the hype about Code Weavers ' Crossover and decided to give it a try . I found Crossover practically useless
 Within 2 days of purchasing this product -LRB- via download from Codeweavers ' website -RRB- , I requested a refund for it . I tried to install 7 different windows programs on my mac with CrossOver , but none of the would work . Most of them would not install at all - the installer just froze or Crossover came back saying the install failed . The two that did install would not launch - they quit a few seconds after I tried to launch them , without ever loading up fully . The only program that I was able to get working correctly was IE7 , because the installer for it comes bundled with Crossover , along with Microsoft Office and some other basic programs . This product is a major let down ; do n't waste your time or money .
 -LRB- reviewed 8.01 -RRB- What works : The only 2 programs I have installed on it work , even though they are unsupported . They should , they are very basic , and quite old . One is a programming text editor , another a password manager.So , why 1 star?Well , because the completely useless level of integration with the Mac . First of all , keyboard shortcuts generally do NOT work , even the really simple ones , like CTRL+F . You almost always have to use the menus . For my text editor , that makes it a non-starter . The password manager is usable , barely . It always starts minimized on the desktop , bottom left . No problem you say , find it on the Dock and bring it up . Well , no , Crossover does n't pass on Dock requests to show a program . And , more often than not , the program hides itself behind some other program so you have to minimize all your programs to find the little thing . Surely , Command-Tab will do the trick ? Wrong again , Crossover happily ignores requests to bring forward programs there . F3 to show all programs ? Forget it , especially if you 've minimized it . Often the only way I have to get it back is to quit the program from the dock and then restart it . At least it shows up then - obviously not a good idea if you have unsaved data.So , basically , every use of this program is an exercise in frustration . The only reason I keep it around is I need a portable -LRB- Windows , OSX , Linux -RRB- password manager and I have n't found a replacement for my password manager -LRB- yet -RRB- . In all fairness , this little abomination behaved the exact same way on Linux , where it is called Wine . Crossover is based on Wine , which had ambitious goals to allow you to use generic Windows programs on Linux . Now , some people may be happy to put up with all this and call Wine a brilliant system . I was n't impressed on Linux , where it was free and I sure am not after paying for CodeWeavers ' commercial version of it . It might be better with a full screen program , like a game , but have n't tried it.Last thing
 I have completely given up on Crossover . The only real `` killer app '' they claim is MS Office , but I 've never gotten it to run for more than an hour before crashing . That 's with both the 2003 and 2007 versions . As for every single other application I 've tried to run ? No . Nothing . Does n't work.I honestly have no idea why anyone would buy this . It 's a toy.If you want Windows software on your Mac , put in some extra RAM and run Fusion/Parallels/VirtualBox . Then it will run , and run perfectly .
 I was excited at the notion of never having to bother with Windows again , to be able to run windows/osx programs/games on my mac with no costly waste of time windows licence . By the dream ended there when I tried this horrid software . I was smart enough to try the trial before purchasing this junk because all the programs or games -LRB- Crossover games Mac -RRB- software I tried to use just crashed , were buggy as hell and had serious capability issues . I 'll still with my dual boot on my Imac right now , windows for games OSX for everything else.This software does not work and it is a complete waste of money .
 Unfortunately this program does not deliver . Supported applications are so limited that you will find no use for CrossOver outside of running Internet Explorer on your Mac . Sorry , but paying almost sixty bucks to run IE is not worth it in my opinion . All applications I have tried running with CrossOver are not supported . I 'll take the time to install them , but then they will not run . If Leopard did n't run as slow as molasses on my iMac , I would install it and use Boot Camp instead of even wasting my time on trying to get CrossOver to work . Apple , please hurry up with Snow Leopard so I can get my Boot Camp back !
 I bought Rosetta Stone Japanese and Spanish -LRB- Latin America -RRB- in the last couple of years . I found them -LRB- particularly Japanese -RRB- a bit difficult . Last week in an airport , a Rosetta representative said I needed the new version - it is very much better . I called Rosetta Stone and they offered me a price of $ 399 , $ 100 off of $ 499 . This is a pretty harsh upgrade route and left me disappointed . I am not the US Government or an institution , just an individual trying to better myself and this is way too expensive . I can return original disks for the upgrade . They have not quite worn out . Perhaps an updgrade with a media fee of say $ 25 would be fair . Their policy is not a fair policy and I can not recommend anyone do business with Rosetta Stone .
 You can not legally sell this software when you are done with it . They threatened to sue me when I did - they said I had not bought the software , but a license for the software and it was nontransferrable - that I did not have the right to even GIVE it away .
 I never got this product , Rosetta Stone , Spanish Level 1 . Please let me know WHAT HAPPENED !!! I 've tried to contact you twice !
 I 'm giving this product a `` 2 '' , only because of the company 's behavior , not because of the product . The product is good , but overpriced . If the price and company were reasonable , it could warrant a 4 . I have purchased Rosetta Stone products twice . Most recently V. 3 German , level III , hoping to brush up on my abilities . I found though , that level III really still was not up to my level -LRB- I 've been active with the language for 22 years -RRB- . So , I sought to simply resell it and recoupe some of my money.However , I found that Rosetta Stone and Amazon , along with other retailers , have entered into an unholy pact to stop customers from reselling the products that they have bought and paid for . Imagine buying a car down at your local dealer , and when you go to resell it , they block you from selling , and no newspaper will take your ad ! Is n't this called racketeering or something ? Despicable!So , reluctantly , I must say that I can no longer recommend Rosetta Stone products , even though they are essentially fine language learning tools . The company however , has devolved from one nobly engaged in spreading knowledge and making , I 'm sure , a tidy profit , into a mere money-grubbing operation.There are numerous other language learning software and methods out there that work well , do n't cost as much , and are produced by admirable companies . I , for instance , became fluent in German without ever even having heard of Rosetta Stone . Until Rosetta stone relents on this racket they are in with Amazon and other sellers , I will not buy another product from them .
 Rosetta Stone V3 Spanish -LRB- Latin America -RRB- Level 1 Personal Edition -LRB- Win/Mac -RRB- I have never been able to get a satisfactory launch of this product . Indications point to an incomplete install but no error messages appear until I try and run the program . Even after 5 re-installs I get error messages as soon as I hit the `` go '' button . The most irksome msg claimed that `` There was an error in the application '' -LRB- like I did n't know that . -RRB- Other errors , without an associated message , were a complete crash of the program immediately upon launch . A inquiree to product support was answered with the suggestion that I might not have enough RAM . Hogwash ! I 've loaded and run over 15 programs on this almost new computer , some very big , without so much as a hiccup.Rosetta Stone has been a big disappointment . I will return it to Amazon
 I gave this book only 2 stars due to the fact that I found the material to be too complex for a beginner . I have no experience in programming and was hoping that the book would be more detailed in how C++ works . There are alot of examples in the book for you to copy to the computer but the commmands are n't described . For example in Chapter 2 , part of the example tells you to type the following with no explanation as to what the commands are and what those commands are doing.void SetName -LRB- String * name -RRB- -LCB- strName = strName - > Copy -LRB- name -RRB- ; -RCB- String * GetName -LRB- -RRB- -LCB- return strName ; -RCB- Perhaps I had the wrong impression when I purchased this book thinking it was a C++ tutorial rather than just a software tutorial . Who knows?The plus side is that you get the book and the complete Visual C++ . net software cheaper than buying the software alone .
 If you decide to purchase this program you will need to have Macromedia Shockwave to use with this , and it does not tell you this until you install it . In addition this company did not bundle it on the CD-ROM . Even after installing this program it did not create a shortcut for it -LRB- though it is on my programs menu , and I was able to create a shortcut -RRB- from there . After installing Shockwave on my computer , it did not function properly . I was able to view the documents by clicking on them individually through the Windows registry , but it did not enable the macros so that I could fill them out . The wording of the documents and the many different types of documents offered are good , but this program does not work well at all on Windows 95 , and I had so many problems with it I finally just uninstalled it and took it back to Office Depot . There is a cheaper program called PC Attorney available through Cosmi Software that works just as well if not better , or use Quicken Personal Lawyer , which is more money but definitely more user-friendly . Save yourself the hassle .
 I recentley purchased `` 100 legal professional forms '' for business and personal use . I can not open the files and I can not get any support from the manufacturer.that stinks and I am very unhappy with the product .
 This product has been discontinued by Microsoft . All support for this product has been discontinued . Parts of the program will not work unless it is registered . You can no longer register this software with Microsoft . Unless you want to throw money away , do not purchase this product .
 It 's not as great as they make it sound . I bought this for my new computer , until I could afford a new version of Adobe Photoshop . -LRB- I used 7.0 previously -RRB- Thank God this had a $ 40 rebate , or I 'd be out $ 90 . Adobe Photoshop and Jasc Paint Shop Pro are much better than this . And despite what others say , are less complicated to learn . Save your money . I wish I did .
 I purchased this product and wanted to get started editing my photos . Alas , although the specs listed here on the Amazon site , the specs on the packaging , and also in the manual all state that it is compatible with Windows 98 , it is not . You must have Windows 98 SE or later . After a couple of frustrating phone calls to the Microsoft tech help in India , trying to make a tech with limited English speaking skills understand my problem , I was finally told that perhaps if I returned it I would be able to get a refund . I have to add however , that two days later I did receive a phone call from India informing me that if I packaged it up and sent it off to a refund center in CA , I would certainly receive a refund . This call came at 6AM . Poorly trained support I would say !
 Digital Image Pro Ver . 9 was better quality software . New version 10 makes improvements on automating some tasks but made other fundamental functions work really badly
 I am very disappointed with this product , even with the $ 40.00 rebate it is n't worth the money . I currently have Version 7 and it is better than this one . If I could I would return it . The only good new feature is the smart erase but that alone is n't worth the $ 36.99 I am paying . Since I bought it it has dropped $ 10.00 . There are other programs a lot better .
 Do NOT BUY THIS Mirosoft has discontinued all digital image progams and there is only support until april 2010 . Not a very good deal . and the older version picture it , was much better . This one does n't have the poster maker on it , and i used that a lot in my buiness . For the price , it was a waste .
 This is a good product , as I had an earlier version . However I have a new computer , with windows 7 . This version does n't with windows 7 . They do n't tell you up frout which operating systems it works with.I was able to return it , with a refund minus postage . -LRB- Which in itself is a Bummer -RRB- That should have been considered the cost of doing business .
 THis game has great graphics , as compared to other bowling games . But the game play goes at a snail 's pace . It 's best to look elsewhere for a bowling game .
 it hangs or crashes every time i use it . the slideshow feature seems to be totally broken . when it does work , the video quality is roughly on par with a -LSB- less expensive -RSB- analog camcorder.it looks like sonic has an update on their website which may fix some of these problems . unfortunately , their product registration website is also broken so I ca n't download anything.mydvd 4 == total waste of -LSB- money -RSB- .
 This program is full of bugs . The UI is actually OK , but the program just does not work . Error after error , coaster after coaster .
 I managed to capture 1 video clip . Now it hangs everytime I try to get another one . I can not even kill the process . I have to reboot.Absolutely worthless . I can not believe Iomega bundles this garbage with their DVD burning hardware.Don ' t buy it , do not waste your money . And do n't buy Iomega products that bundle it either .
 I completely agree with the other reviews of this software.I received MyDVD bundled with the Sony DVD burner I purchased . I thought I was getting a great deal but MyDVD has turned out to be nothing but problems . Buggy , inconsistent , poor support , a big pain in the butt . No wonder it was free.Avoid it !
 Shame on me for not reaqding reviews from other users before buying . This software is completely broken , and there is no fix in sight . There are updates for MyDVD on the Sonic site , but these updates do n't support the Adaptec version.I 've had MyDVD try to make a DVD three times , each time I let it run all night , and each time in the morning it was still in the `` Building Menus '' stage .
 It 's hit or miss with this product - 50 % of the time the video is way out of sync with the audio .
 I am an happy user of version 5 and I have gone back to it after many hairpulling hours with the Microsoft techs getting my system back after version 6 crashed my machine . It is a bulky , slow , bug ridden mess . Save your money and wait for them to clean this dog up before buying . beware !
 I tested some video clips with Sonic MyDVD ... but for files such as 45 minute mpeg-1 from a VCD , MyDVD required 3.5 GB of data . So , each DVD can fit about 60 minute of video ? That 's a lot worse than the standard DVD capacity of 120 minutes per disc .
 Amazon allows us sellers a set amount for shipping . With books , it 's usually either $ 2.99 or $ 3.99 . Some books are so heavy that even shipping it by Book rate will cost us more than that . But when I saw this I was floored . $ 6.49 to ship one little CD-ROM ? That 's incredible ! At most it will cost no more than $ 2.00 and some change , by First Class ! So , tell me ; Where is the logic ? I think I will start selling this one again . Even if I only get the going price -LRB- $ 0.01 ? -RRB- I 'll make money on it.Oh , and it 's a good CD , with lots of help for your finances .
 A poor aqttempt to compete with MS.The following is a list of MAJOR draw-backs :1 - Can not get route info from one place to an other without access to the Internet -LRB- how many of you have internet in your car ? -RRB- 2 - GPS support is very buggy . At least it is with my Garmin GPS 12XL -LRB- only the single most popular GPS sold in the last few years -RRB- . I had to keep switching speed & NMEA vers , etc -LRB- basically I tweaked with it & I could not find an consistant setting that work well for any length of time -RRB- ... 3 - If you zoom in and out too much map data disappears . Very irritating because you have to relaunch the program and enable gps functionality . Pretty difficult when driving down the road ! This nice `` feature '' also shows up when the map refreshes it self . WONDERFUL ! 4 - Overall the GUI is very buggy and not consitant with standard MS Windows functionality -LRB- double-click to select objects , etc. -RRB- I would have to say that this software basically sucks and is a major waste of cash ! Buy MS Expedia Streets !!!
 i checked the system requirements like another reveiwer recomended and it said it would work for windows vista which is what we have and it did not my kids were very disappointed they couldnt play it so i dont know what the game is like so it may be great just dont get it if you have vista !
 I have no idea how this game is - just warning anyone planning on purchasing it to check system requirements . It is marked windows/mac , however , you have to click on more information to find out the complete system requirements . Will not run on newer mac or window systems . Waste of money .
 My 5 year old son does enjoy I See Sue , but I hoped for a more educational experience than this . The little informative elements are not interactive and he learned most of the content from a night of reading a good dinosaur book . Not recommended by a mom who prefers her child to be gaining a little more out of time spent on a computer .
 I just finished playing this game with my 4 year old son and I must say that neither of us found this title to be even remotely entertaining . It lacks the depth , superb graphics , and variety of the VERY good dinosaur game - Dinosaur Adventure 3-D . The entire game is this simple
 No users manual , no help file , no clear explanation or guidance in the program itself . If I ca n't figure out what the point of this game is , then how can my four-year-old be expected to make any sense of it ?
 This game is very poor compared to Reader Rabbit 's Learn to read with Phonics or I can read with Phonics . I already had those two games but I read the following comments and thought I should get this one too . Not so ! The games in here are ridiculous , teach very little phonics or reading , are difficult to master , and are all a waste . For those who like curious George , this game hardly ever shows George at all . I think the Reader Rabbits games are 1000 % superior in every area in teaching kids phonics and reading . Skip this product , stick with Reader Rabbit , and you wo n't be stuck with it like I am .
 This was a big disappointment . I will address the points in order :1 -RRB- Crude Technology
 It never worked on my computer nor my daughters . Very disappointed since I wanted my granddaughter to be able to write stories . Never was able to use it .
 I bought this program based largely on the editorial review . My 2 year old knows his ABCs and I bought the program thinking it would focus on letter sounds . The four games that are included in the package are 1 -RRB- an airplane skywriting letter match which quickly advances to identifying the first letter of a object and then selecting that letter from four choices . This sounded good , but in practice is not working out -- when the selection is incorrect the airplane very cutely writes a frowny face in the sky . It is difficult to get my airplane-loving son to understand that the frowny face is not a `` prize . '' 2 -RRB- The second game is set in a zoo where George is to find an object that begins with a particular letter dictated by the Man in the Yellow Hat . Sounds like a good game , except that you have to use multiple screens in order to find the object . By the time one gets to multiple screens one has completely forgotten what letter was requested or what screens have already been viewed . The objects are animated and are cute , making the game fun , but again , the learning factor is lost in the details of the exercise . 3 -RRB- The third game features a lake in which George is required to fish for ABC blocks . Sounds like it might be fun and educational -- except that the task of positioning the boat above the requested letter , then timing the click of the mouse just right in order to `` catch '' the block can be frustrating . The exercise of letter identification is not the point of the game -- it is a hand-eye coordination exercise and that is all . 4 -RRB- The fourth game is a memory match game , which is the only one that my son truly understands and achieves the desired lesson . However , many of the preschool software packages contain memory match exercises which are more interesting and more educational.All in all , I am disappointed in this software . I have not yet found the right package for my child 's skill and learning level . He has long tired of Reader Rabbit Toddler , is playing RR Preschool -LRB- but I have some complaints there as well -RRB- , LOVES Dr. Seuss 's ABC program which I also think is well written , LOVES Miss Spider 's Tea Party which is especially good for developing listening to directions skills but is lacking on the ABC skills , and we are awaiting Richard Scarry software in hopes that it will fit the bill .
 This is one of the few CDs that I have bought that I wish I had not spent my money on . Very dissapointing.There are basically four games on the cd . I found the games to be slow in loading and the graphics to be cheap looking many times . The games are not very fun.One is fishing - you have to fish for the letters , but you have to have everything just right to get the letters . Hard . Another one is sky writing , my son loved this game but I do n't know how much he really ` got it ' . The third one is at the zoo and you have to find things that begin with letters that are given to you - however , you have to go through several screens to find the correct letter and with the loading time being longer than ever , by the time you get to the thing you are looking for , you forgot what you were looking for . Not Fun . The Match game is fun but you can get this on other CDs.I 'd give this one a skip . Stick with Reader Rabbit , Jump Start and others like that . One we got a lot of use out of while learning the letters -LRB- not the sounds -RRB- was the Chicka Chicka Boom Boom CD . That one was well worth the money .
 I was never able to use this product . I contacted the company that I purchased it from and never did get a response .
 After using Parallels at home to triple boot OSX , Ubuntu Linux and Vista , this VMware I use at work with my XP laptop to run server 2003 for our controls system . Vista and any of the windows server version made after 2003 are unreliable . Even when just dual booting with VMware for XP and Server 2003 is really slow and thats with 3gb of ram . The product itself is pretty stable but when it freezes it freezes solid . Still cool to have two computers in one . Vmware is passible at best , Fusion is great and Parallels ca n't be beat for virtual machine software due to it 's impressive reliability and performance compared to the others .
 This software says it will run on any version of Mac OSX - it will not . Apparently , it will not run on a Mac with Intel Core Duo either and the tech support in the US is disabled . There is an international tech support number that costs a $ 5 charge to use and really would n't be worth it in the first place . The box also said there would be a website with tech support and there is no support offered on sed website . Poor support and after looking at the accessible parts of the CD rom - very pixelated videos .
 I initially reviewed Panda Titanium 2006 -LRB- the review that follows -RRB- , but the same issues apply for the 2007 version because I tried upgrading to that to see if it would work and it did not . The same abysmal customer service applies to both.I bought Panda Titanium 2006 after looking at several packages and settling on it because of its ability to block malware by more than an ` after the fact ' signature.Unfortunately , I have yet to find out how it works . I get a missing DLL message on install -LRB- I have now tried Titanium 2006 and their 2007 version as well -RRB- . I assume that I may have something strange on my system , although it is a fairly regular XP Home install . I have no problems with the system that I can find using other tools and at this point I will be just dropping Panda and flushing my money because I do n't have the time or patience to figure out what the idiotic problem might be or doing a reinstall on the off chance that that will fix the problem.As a warning , my dealings with Panda tech support have been a joke , at best . I first emailed them and there was no response because I had not registered the product . It 's hard to register when the software wo n't even install . I finally wandered around enough to find out how to register online . This allowed me to get a response which basically was a form that asked about the same information that I already provided on the initial contact email -LRB- how efficient ??!? -RRB- . Their initial fix was to tell me to uninstall all the other antivirus software on the machine . This was already done -LRB- as again outlined in the initial email and the email form -RRB- . When this did n't make me go away , they had a few other useless suggestions that finally ended with the response that I had some sort of internet caching software that I would have to talk to my OS vendor or my ISP about . That is and was rediculous . I have no non-OS software for connecting to my DSL provider -LRB- just configured the Microsoft networking -RRB- and I do n't believe that XP does that sort of thing out of the box . In other words , Panda support just keeps throwing dirt and dust in the air hoping that you 'll finally go away . It finally worked with me.I thought paying for a supported antivirus product was a good idea . I guess not . I 'll just go with the free ones and keep my XP box off the internet .
 I bought this 1 week ago at a local Staples . . The box makes it sound like the solution to all your problems . . It also says they offer tech support 24 X 365 . . Sounds great ... . the problem is . . it will not install on my computer . I keep getting a message to remove NORTON ANITVIRUS before I can install Panda . I removed NORTON and it no longer can be found thru control panel , remove software or thru a search of my hard drive.PANDA still will not install . I keep getting the same message . UNINSTALL NORTON.So I tried to contact tech support per the box . I found out they offer tech support 24 x 365 via email . I have sent 3 emails in a week and have received no response.Bottom line is I have a product I can not use . . TECH SUPPORT does not exist . It deserves 0 stars in my book . Spend your money somewhere else .
 This version is outdated . But much worse , when I started installing the software , my virus protection lit up like a Christmas tree . Foolishly , I assumed the software was safe and installed it anyway . Not only have I now deleted the original software and thrown the discs in the trash , I 've now spent a month and more than the software cost me trying to get all the adware/malware off my computer .
 Despite the attractive packaging , the Instant Immersion series from Europe is absolutely the worst language teaching program I 've seen . I picked up several titles at a local store , tempted by the `` free '' price after rebates . Upon installing German , which I had n't touched in over a decade , I decided to return all the titles . Most of the 7 CDs are totally useless . The user interface is laughably reminiscent of programs in the Windows 95 days , and you get 256-color , 640x480 video ! The audio also slows down often , even on my P4 2.0 Ghz PC . Even though you can find it for free , it just ai n't worth your time .
 I bought both the German and Spanish Pro software packages . I opened the German first and found it very confusing and poorly laid out . There is no clear lesson plan and there are no steps provided for LEARNING the language . They might as well just drop you in the middle of Munich and expect you to start learning German that way . Needless to say I did n't open the Spanish Pro software and returned it ... Unless you already speak German and want to brush up -LRB- even then pick something else -RRB- you might want to think twice ...
 i have no experience with German and although I was prepared to be `` immersed '' in the language , I found these cd lessons very confusing and disjointed . The video sequence flies through several `` scenes '' , all of them disconnected so that it is difficult to glean some understanding through some sort of `` context '' . Some of the lessons in the grammar section which were supposed to be animated were not ; there was n't even audio in some of the grammar lessons so I could n't hear various conjugations etc. . . Graphics are not easy to understand either . All in all a bad buy , definitely ... I 'm going to return this and try something else .
 For starters , all the content offered would have easily fit on a single CD-ROM , so their offering so many disks reminds of bogus language courses from the past which had 30 or so cassettes or videocassetes , each with about 10 minutes or so of playback . Each area of the course is essentially worthless . To just describe one disk , the vocabulary disk has about 2,000 or so words almost randomly chosen . Very few of the essential words of the language appear , and instead hundreds of terms deal with country names and things you do n't need to know your first days , such as cufflinks and redcurrant.It is true that pictures and videos help remember words , but the images are thoroughly depressing and pathetic on many ocassions . For example , the woman in the `` kiss '' term looks like she is doing so forcibly , and in general any picture or video -LRB- one in about 30 definitions has a 2 or 3 second video -RRB- in which people of any age appear seem to either have a great dislike for the photographer , or for life in general . It is rather disturbing to see such suffering when one is trying to learn a new language.The other disks are even more worthless , and everything has a depressing quality to it . Needless to say , I sent it back , and will instead try another product . I recommend staying far away from this one !
 One star is too high ; I wish `` Zero Stars '' was an option . I bought this program , installed it , and then uninstalled it . It did not take very long to figure out that it was a complete waste of time . First , it only wants to run in 640 x 480 or 1024 x 768 screen resolution . I run everything in 800 x 600 , and I do n't want to change just to accommodate a lazy programmer . Speaking of bad programming , the interface on this title is bad . I think it would have taken more time learning how to use the program than learning how to speak German . I 'm returning this product , and buying another .
 This program is terribly unfriendly to the first time user . I speak perfect English and it gave me fits . I pity the fool who does n't speak English and tries to use this . It requires the patience of Job . Actually this is not at all a unified program , but several separate programs offered as a unit . When you try to install it , it wants to change your computer . I had to uninstall everything after making the mistake of letting the program adjust the computer 's resolution . It forced me to reinstall Windows before I could get it to work at all . Disk 1 is for instalation only , to work disks 2 , 3 , and 4 . Do n't think you learned anything when you finish # 4 . Numbers 5 , 6 and 7 are completely different and you have to start from scratch with each one , if you have n't thrown the whole thing out by then . If the producers of this product had any sense , they would have built some uniformity into the program to make it easy to install and use , put good labels on the icons to describe each action , and made it flow with easy to follow progression instead of the chaos they provided . Bad , worse and terrible describe this program . And you can tell them I said so .
 I brought this program for my relaitves who came from India and I found it very clumsy and difficult to navigate and use . The applications on the different CDs are not cohesive and I find the whole process of using the applications difficult to use 1 -RRB- I ca n't click on the different options too well 2 -RRB- It teaches only very basic sentences 3 -RRB- Does not teach any grammar . I was better off teaching my relatives by myself .
 When I bought home the 7 CD pack , I opened it immediately . I just wanted to know how the vocabulary builder helps an average english speaking adult , like myself.I tried the CD 5 , a vocabulary builder . I realized it was for real rookies -LRB- read
 This product is total junk . I bought this not too long ago and realized what a big mistake that was . This software has a funny interface that is not at all user friendly . Hard to get around things , totally non-intutive . Waste of money .
 This game is not as good as the preschool version , which is great . Even the kids said they did not like it . There was n't much to it . It was more on the level of beginning computor skills . The company should redo it or rename it to 2-3 year olds .
 I bought this product for my 4 year old daughter . It looked like a great computer game . Unfortunately , when I loaded it onto my computer , it kept telling me that there was an error and did I want to report it to Microsoft ? It is impossible at this point to play most of the games on the CD and she can never get past the first level . This game was not programmed well and would be a waste of your money to purchase .
 My 31/2 yo preschooler had fun first day . He does n't want to play with it anymore after the first day ... I feel like I wasted my money .
 The box says you can `` Quickly start speaking , reading , and writing French . '' Well , though it does have tutorials on quickly picking up the language , it has nothing to show a beginner how to pronunciate the letters and accents.The first program , Tell Me More , is all French with no English translation . This is four of the 7 CD 's that only helps someone review French that already knows it . Example , it 'll show you a picture of a boy and a soccer ball , then have some French text and prounce the text in French . You do n't know if they 're saying `` Boy with Ball '' , `` Boy Playing Soccer '' , `` Boy Playing '' or what . Does no good for a beginner.The French Plus CD is a different product and like the Tell Me More is more of a review for those who already know French.The French Vocabulary Builder is basically a dictionary that pronounces certain words , but again , no syntax on how French is setup ... so still no go for a beginner.And the final CD is an audio CD , which again , is n't for the beginner.To top it off , the package came with one sheet for instructions that basically says , Put in the install CD and follow the instructions . 7 CD 's with a fancy package.Save your money and choose another package . This is definately not worth it for beginners . The person that rated this 5 stars must work for the company .
 This did n't help me at all . You have to already speek french to get anything out of it . It does n't teach you how to speak french , just how to pronounce french words . I wish I could get my money back .
 This program includes 7 discs ... True ... but ... NONE of the 7 discs teaches ANYTHING about basics . No introduction to basic grammar and form , not even introduction to the alphabet . The first 4 discs called Tell Me More are a big waste of time if you do not know the slightest bit about the french language . Also , it took some time to get the Tell Me More programs loaded and working on my system , which crashed my system more than me having to work and use it . All in all it is not worth the money ... it will not teach you ANYTHING . This goes for the other Immersion Language Pro language versions , because all of them include this Tell Me More programs .
 Poor vocabulary , poor grammar , poor translations , poor software.Topics Entertainment 's Instant Immersion French Pro 7-CD set is all packaging . The 7 CDs are broken into 4 parts :1 -RRB- CD-1 Installation diskCD-2 ,3,4 Tell Me More series . Completey useless for a beginner . There are supposed to be three different levels here beginner , intermediate , advanced , WRONG , ALL Advanced . Every disc contains lengthy french dialogue with no starting point for vocabulary , grammar , sentence structure , or pronuncitaion . This is aimed at someone already familiar with french .2 -RRB- CD-5 Vocabulary Builder . Everything about this is for children and on the Eurotalk website you will see this is targeted at 3-10 year olds . It has a miniscule vocabulary and the words and sentences it does contain are downright useless , `` The duck is under a desk '' . It also does not even contain english translations of the french words , just pictures . It is left to the user to infer what the picture means ! 3 -RRB- CD-6 French Plus -LRB- A Rosetta Stone application -RRB- I found this disc to be the least help of them all . It has pictures with words on top of them that can disappear and you are supposed to pick the word spoken but you get no english translation . It is all a mess just like that last sentence .4 -RRB- CD-7 Audio Disc . I only listened to the first track and thought this would be perfect for those who like to repeat long sentences from memory . However , the converstation on the track was relevant for those traveling to France -LRB- encounter with a passport agent -RRB- unlike the other discs which are not relevant to anything really.This software is just a pretty box , no useful content or lesson plan.If you are looking for an introduction to French do not buy this software .
 Navigating through this software is very difficult and confusing . It is almost as if you have to be able to speak french already to be able to use this software with any degree of success.The othe discs that come with this software are just as useless as the rest . I am very disappointed and I wish I had just saved my money and bought Learn French Now ! 9.0 which is infinitely better .
 This is the worst french learning application i 've seen . I thought before buying it that 7 cd 's will teach me french from a beginning to an advanced level . But this is not the case.I 've tried some other programs obtaining better results and they fit into just 1 CD .
 I grew up in Miami and my wife is from South America . We speak english , but I have certainly learned some basic spanish over the years . Some other reviewers had said that you can not be a complete novice and use this Spanish product , but I figured I would have the basic spanish necessary given my background . Let me just say , it 's difficult to get much out of this product even with some understanding of spanish basics . This is not just due to the `` immersion '' teaching method , but more due to the products disorganized content , poor user interface , and general lack of structure.My chief complaints with this product are as follows :1 -RRB- The product description says `` You 'll be guided through lessons ... '' , which is completely inaccurate ! -- There are no `` lessons '' , just groups of activities based on skill level . And there is no `` guiding '' strucutre to it all . You simply jump into a skil level , pick an activity , and go . And the activities simply `` test '' rather than `` teach '' . For example , you are thrown into conversational segments on the very first lesson where you must pick theright answer -LRB- out of three possible ones -RRB- in response to a question posed to you in spanish . At no point is there a `` lesson '' to teach you what you are supposed to know .2 -RRB- The user interface is really bad . -- The designers of this interactive product decided to use a `` movie set '' metaphor for the navigation . And trust me , the result is just as disorganized as a movie set . Every button is a graphical object with no text label -LRB- although if you hold your mouse over an object long enough it the text label will appear -RRB- . If there were only a few buttons , and if the graphics wer super intuitive , this would be fine . But there are way too many buttons at once and the graphics dont make the button 's purpose obvious . The whole movie set and movie scene thing is way too forced and ends up making the navigation difficult and cryptic .3 -RRB- My third complaint is much smaller , but still relevant ... The accent of speakers in this product use the spanish language accent from SPAIN . -- While I understand this is a convention among some teachers / teaching products , the truth is that barely anyone speaks spanish with the Spanish accent in the US . The `` th '' sound in place of `` s '' , as well as some muting of certain sylables -RRB- is extremely annoying if you are used to hearing spanish from any of the south/latin american countries . Anyway , just be farwarned .
 I would n't recommend this program , especially to a beginner . I 've had 4 years of spanish a couple years ago and I wanted to improve my vocabulary and grammar and found it very difficult to do with this program . I also felt that someone coming in with no knowledge of spanish would be very frustrated and confused by this program . It gives menu choices of different things you can learn , grammar , vocabulary etc , but it does n't tell you where it 's best to start from . Also , if someone does n't understand terms like `` Subjunctive '' and `` Indicitive Gerrund '' this would be even harder to understand . I 'd definately recommend not to buy this program . I returned mine and now I am looking for a new program to try . good luck !
 I made the mistake of buying this software at Best Buy , which has a no-return policy once you open software . Big Mistake !! I will stick to buying online from now on where I can check reviews of the products first.This product is basically worthless to someone trying to learn Spanish . There is no structure to the lessons at all , even the first one is pretty much impossible for someone that is new to Spanish . There is virtually nothing that teaches you basic words and grammar , other than a glossary of words ... what use is that to a beginner ?! I wanted to learn simple conversational Spanish , and this product is of no help for that at all . Only someone with a couple years of Spanish would find this product useful . Something that they totally fail to tell you on the packaging .
 I bought this progarm , and returned it after a few days . The program is loaded with bells and whistles , none of which are helpful . This is not a good program if you are learning Spanish . I notice that the only positive review is from someone who aready spoke Spanish when he bought the program . This makes sense as the program is absolutely worthless to the student begining to study Spanish . I agree with most of the others who reviewed this program . There is no real attempt to teach the language . The program is simply a vast collection of material designed to test your knowledge of Spanish , not to teach it . The program is selling the sizzle , not the steak as they say .
 I bought this trusting its saying that they have the best method and did not learn anything before giving up . I also bought it in a store and was not allowed to return it because of their crapy return policy -LRB- I am now considering a boycott of Best Buy -RRB- . I am looking for a program that will teach someone who has no knowledge of Spanish at all . If you know of this please email me at Benny365@hotmail.comThanksBen
 This UK-produced language-learning software title is pretty bad . I 'm glad I paid nothing for it after rebate -LRB- except sales tax -RRB- . The box design is attractive , and you think you are getting a good deal with 7 CDs . But opening the package you 'll find no manual , just a single installation note apparently written by a non-English speaker . The installation program is a joke ; it would crash on my Windows 2000 machine unless I chose the `` maximum '' option . Very crude indeed.Then , I ran the demo as instructed , which does n't even have a quit button ! I had to use Task Manager to kill the program ! Not to mention that annoying , echoing `` Tell Me More '' at the beginning . Really annoying ... childishly so.Which brings us to the actual content of the package . There are 4 components to this `` deluxe '' package . Four CDs make up the Tell Me More program , which is basically a language exercise program . For example , in one set of exercises you 'll be asked questions and expected to answer them . The computer will analyze your answer and respond accordingly . In another set , you watch some poorly produced video footages and just listen along . There are also word puzzles like hangman , etc. . Overall a very poorly put-together package . For some reason , it would only run in 256 colors on my machine , which is a very unpleasant experience.Another CD contains a program called Spanish Plus basically teaches you the language , and this is where you should start , since Tell Me More requires you know something about the language already . But there 's not too much material in Spanish Plus to make a satisfying learning experience . And sometimes the program would just crash on my Win2k machine.A third component is a vocabulary builder CD-ROM . Again , very crude . The 4th CD-ROM is an audio CD , although I actually have n't been able to play it in my portable CD player so I do n't even know whether it works or how it is . Judging from the other reviews , not good.I also bought the German package , and was glad I did n't open it so I could return it after finding out how poor the Spanish package was.If you can get this for free , it can indeed be a good value if you do n't mind the poor interface and poor exercises . Otherwise , do not spend money on this .
 This series would be ok for practicing and learning pronunciation , BUT the whole layout of the software is EXTREMELY confusing.Even worse , most of the vocabulary used in the lessons are n't even in the glossary , which really confuses you.So , only buy this CD if you want to practice pronunciation . DO NOT buy it if you 're starting from scratch , and do n't have any foundation in grammar or vocabulary .
 All in all I am very displeased with this product . It was very hard to use at first and from a learning standpoint it was ineffective . Your best bet is to check out a product called Spanish Now by a company called Transparent Language , they seem to have the best software available for language learning .
 You 'll pick up some words . But thats about it.IF you want to learn a foreign language , just buy some audio CD 's , a dictionary , a newspaper of the language and some videos/dvd movies/tv shows that speak the foreign language.All the software I 've ever tried is completley worthless by itself . But it 's a decent supplement.By the way , the CD roms are n't even filled up all the way . 1 and a half worth of cd info and stretched it across 7 CD 's to make it look big .
 This was fairly easy to install . The lessons are for people who know basic Spanish . If you have a tutor , then this is good to use accompanying what you are learning , but this is not recommended for people who do n't have the basics . If you are really planning to learn , get a tutor or buy the Rosetta Stone Spanish Explorer .
 I can summarize my feelings regarding this product in three words
 This program , which claims to be WIndows XP compatible , is nothing more than a Windows 95 program . It would not install into the Program Files directory until I used the Progra ~ 1 form . Next , when the program launched , it resized my screen to EGA resolution - yes , this program is THAT old . Finally , it claimed it could n't fidn the CD even though it had just been installed from that CD.As the title said , it is worth exactly as much as we paid - nothing .
 I can summarize my feelings regarding this product in three words
 This software is confusing . For beginners it is difficult to know which direction to go in , as there are many . Clicking on the introduction icon resulted in continuous recording without an exit except the escape key . Also , although the speech was in English , the examples were in French . It was very hard for us to understand the concept of how to use the software , without regard to the language . Our experience with the Learning Company on language is much more straight forward and easier to comprehend .
 Italian Pro should be entitled Italian amateur . It is gimmicky and useless whether you already know Italian and want to brush up on it or are new . It is all bells and whistles and no substance .
 It took a while to learn how the software works . Also , I do n't know any Italian and find that this product is beyond the beginner level ! I do n't even know where to begin . I thought it would teach you how to pronounce vowels and things like that first and the move to words and finally sentences . This product starts you off with full sentences .
 Had no idea what to do , and I am an experienced computer user . You do n't know in what order to start the lessons ... if I started at the beginning , then it is MUCH too difficult . I had no idea what anyone was saying and no way to find out . Simply a dreadful program !
 Hodgepodge of amateur animation with no beggining progression . When they say Instant Immersion , they mean listening to 400 words/min italian off-the-bat and asking you to make sense of it.Mediocre products bundled from disparate authors in a Costco-style package .
 I 've been waiting months for my computer to be set up so I could get to work on learning Italian ; something I 've wanted to do forever . What a tremendous disapointment it was . They need to just skip over or toss out that `` Beginner '' fantasy . I 've never been moved to review anything before , but this disapointment has got me typing . I just wish I had read the reviews before my impulse purchasing at the store.If you are a beginner , move along , nothing to see here . Find something a little more beginner friendly . Or a LOT more .
 I 've been a fan of Norton for many , many years.I purchased a bundle with Norton Internet Security and Norton System Works this year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . I had Norton System Works 2005 on my machine before the purchase.Nothing but problems uninstalling 2005 then installing the bundle . It was a lemon from the get-go . After hours of research and dealing with Norton I was finally able to get it to work . The problems are mostly due to all the residual garbage that Norton strews , hides and locks into your system . Forget the regular uninstall , even the special uninstalling tool that Norton provides on their website left all kinds of registry entries and folders , files and tons of dll 's and ini 's . I invested at least three full days dealing with this installation.Ok , so now I 'm set , right ? Well , it appeared so for a while . I was able to use all the bells and whistles that I was accustomed to using and had a Firewall that was from my favorite computer gardian.About 3 months after installing the 2007 bundle -LRB- SW and NIS -RRB- , I get a notice that my license has expired . More research , more dealing with Norton , I spent a full day in the middle of a big job -LRB- I 'm a sole-proprietor and very busy at times ... and all my work is done on my computer ... a nice new Sony VAIO laptop with XP w/SP2 -RRB- . Still no resolve ! This was really getting on my nerves , I 've got deadlines and contracts to meet!I tried for another half day -LRB- very wasted time ... DEADLINES AHEAD -RRB- , Norton took their sweet time and even suggested that I had illigitimate software on my computer ... That did it ! I immediately researched other software and went back to ZoneAlarm Pro Firewall and got their Security Suite ... WOAH ... tons better ... Seamless Install , Great Firewall , No Problems what-so-ever from ZA.Sorry , not the end of story yet ... Before installing ZA Security Suite I had uninstalled the Norton 2007 bundle via their recommended , special uninstall tool . When I got done , there were still Symantic Directories , files , registry entries , hidden low level junk , tons of garbage.It 's months later now and I 'm still fighting that uninstall . My computer came to a near standstill , slooooooooowed Dooooooooown and now takes about an hour to turn off and much longer to start Windows than before.I purchased a System Mechanic and it helped some but did n't go deep enough , I guess . I finally found a Freeware Registry cleaner that found a ton of Symantic/Norton junk and seemed to clean things up well.Don ' t waste you hard earned bucks on Norton until they prove themselves again ... I 'll go miles out of my way to avoid them in the future.Totally Unacceptable ... . Very Bad ... . if you care one iota about your computer , do n't go with Norton products until they completely rework the way they do business and completely rework the thrown together software that has caused more damage that any of the Viruses , Spyware , Spam , Trojans , Worms that I 've ever encountered!Buyer Beware !!! ... Totally Unacceptable -LRB- but I guess you gathered that by now -RRB- ... it 's all real world experience and I have used a computer 10-12 hours a day since I got my Tandy , Radio Shack TRS-80 way back when.Norton should be ashamed of their current product ... Totally Unacceptable!Dave B
 I have a full trial of the Suite , running it on a brand-new Vista laptop with 1G memory . After a day , I could see this product was n't for me ... or anyone , for that matter.Fact
 Do n't waste you money and time on this . The only way I would have email or internet access would be if I turn off the firewall . Their customer service via email advised me on many different configuration , uninstall , reinstall , etc. steps which took up hours and hours of my time . They now do n't reply to any of my emails because they realized that they ca n't help me . I bought this for my brand new hp computer that runs vista home premium & I was told that it would work on my version , but it 's been over 3 months & there 's so much bugs with the software that they do n't even know how to guide me to troubleshoot it . I 'm going to end here because this is not worth any more of my time . I totally give up on this software & will definitely buy another brand software . TOTALY WASTE OF MONEY & TIME ~ ~ ~ ZERO STARS FOR THIS ITEM !
 Since I 've installed this software , it has slowed down my internet searching in the worst way . It is hanging up and constantly flashing the hourglass and not letting me scroll down efficiently , even though the page is done loading . What a let down from Symantec . I have been a loyal happy customer of the Internet Security product until this year , and if they do n't improve their product and either provide a fix for these issues or issue another release , they are not only going to lose me as a customer but many others that I teach to . I have recommended this software to my many students and will have to warn them not to buy this year 's version . Time to try the competitor ! Do n't waste your time and money hoping it will work out okay for you -- that 's what I did even after reading bad reviews on it . I learned my lesson . Get it back together , Symantec !
 This product is a complete piece of junk . Not only did it not work on my Vista computer or my wife 's iMac but also it does n't have the features it claims on the box ! I finally did get something to happen on a friends XP machine but in the end it screwed up my iPod . It told me that my iPod was damaged so I let it fix it . Well it fixed it all right , so good that the iPod had to be reformatted before it would play music again . Tech support is abysmal also , no answers from the emails I sent and the website just lists the product 's requirements.My specific issues with this product :1 -RRB- Can damage your iPod2 -RRB- It says it can edit and combine music files . This is an absolute lie . There is no functionality for this .3 -RRB- It does not work with the iPhone or iPod touch4 -RRB- Does not seem to work at all on Vista or Mac5 -RRB- Does not seem to work right on XPI previously purchased the first version of this product `` Tune Transfer '' from a bargain bin at CompUSA . When I got home it did n't work either but I thought it was because the software was old . That is why I bought this new version . Obviously not.After my bad experience I did some searching on Amazon and foundPD + Rescue for iPod Win/Mac . The reviews seemed generally pretty good so I purchased a copy from Amazon and after installation I can report that it seems to work very well on my Vista machine and on the iMac . It does n't have the ability to edit sound files but it never claims that it can . It does work with the iPhone , iPod touch and the other iPods I tried . It also adds songs and playlists directly into iTunes -LRB- unlike Tune Tools -RRB- and has the ability to stop iTunes from erasing your iPod . Wish I had found PD+R escue the first time.In summary please DO NOT BUY Tune Tools -LRB- or any other software from Valusoft in my opinion . -RRB- The software does not work , has features on the box that do n't exist in the software at all and they have non-existent tech support .
 I received this software as a birthday gift this year and was excited about using it to access the contents of my iPod Nano on both my work and home computers . Unfortunately , despite attempting to install this software on three separate computers , it refuses to function . The software does not see my iPod , causes my computer to freeze , requiring a reboot literally every other time I open it , and , worst of all , now that I have tried to hook my iPod up to this software , the screen never changes from ` Do not disconnect ' to ` OK to disconnect . ' When I attempt to eject the device manually , I receive an error message that it can not be stopped because there are files on it that are in use by another program -LRB- Tune Tools -RRB- . This error occurs even when Tune Tools is closed and not in use . It should also be noted that all of the computers this software has been tried on had well more than the minumum requirements noted by ValuSoft . I have sent an email tech support request -LRB- the only way to ask for help with this product -RRB- , but have not yet received a response . If anything changes , I will update my review accordingly , but given the problems I have experienced -LRB- and the MANY very negative reviews of this software found most everywhere I looked -RRB- I would highly recommend that you skip the purchase of this product and look into something different .
 I have tried using two of these stupid softwares . The first one would n't register on my or my friends computer , which both have the requirements . After I exchanged it for a second one , -LRB- because you ca n't get a refund at a store -RRB- it kept showing a null error , so I downloaded the patch , which is supposed to help fix the problem ; but the patch did n't recognize I had the software downloaded . I emailed the company 's tech support and they said they are having problems with this and do n't have a solution yet !! Tunes Plus works better and is cheaper . Do n't go through the same headache I did !!!
 Installed and ran patch via the support page and ca n't even get this program to open . Do n't waste your money !
 This software was difficult to use , did n't do what it said , and I ended up having to buy another tool to do the same thing . There are others out there , keep looking .
 This software is ABSOLUTE garbage . It does not detect the ipod , the ` patches ' are not valid , it is sheer garbage . . I bought mine at Best Buy , and after REPEATED attempts at contacting the very lacking -LRB- non-existent -RRB- customer service at Valusoft -LRB- my emails came BACK TO ME -RRB- , I am seeing red ... . I WANT MY MONEY BACK!This entire experience has been infuriating . Never again!Michael
 This was one of those impulse buys that I completely regret!After confirming that I exceeded software requirements , I installed this piece of trash . Setup seemed to go off without a hitch . When I tried to run it , I got the TUNE TOOLS for iPOD screen and it stayed up there - nothing else . Poking through their knowledge base -LRB- on valuesoft 's website -RRB- , I find that this is a known issue -LRB- there 's a hyperlink in their knowledge base for this problem - Tune Tools is sitting at the splash screen -RRB- . Most other software companies would have a ` search for updates ' after install or an update checker . Not our little friends at valuesoft!So I do what they recommend and I am able to move past their little splash screen . Next , comes an error
 I bought this program after much research , showing many glowing reviews . Maybe the program is good for geeks who know how to set it up , but I do n't want to spend my life adjusting the settings , especially since I do n't know what I 'm doing . It sometimes interferes with normal -LRB- presumably safe -RRB- Internet use , requiring me to check and adjust the settings , but I am guessing every time I do this . I may be making my computer LESS safe . I ca n't tell , and the program does n't tell me , either . Zone Alarm 's `` support , '' unless you want to pay , consists mostly of answers from other users , most of whom are also geeks . They mean well , but they speak Geek . So I had to register , then post questions , then wait for an answer , which usually produces more questions .
 I own this version of calendar creator as well as Versions 6 , 8 and 12 . Versions 6 & 8 were the best in my opinion , and while 10 has some neat features , for me they are totally useless , since the program freezes any computer I try to print my calendars from . This version and version 12 both take FOREVER to print my calendars -LRB- I have very detailed and picture heavy calendars since I incorporate a family tree into my calendars -RRB- and neither this version , nor 12 are up to the challenge of my family calendar.Version 8 does the job quickly and reliably every time , except that it does n't play nice with my network printer , but after I came up with a reasonable workaround , that is no longer an issue either . Broderbund really dropped the ball with both this version and the subsequent version 12 . They should have quit while they were only a little behind with version 8 . I had to quit using version 6 since it is incompatible with windows XP , although up until I got XP I did prefer it over version 8 .
 the product is not good . Only after I sent 13 e-mails complaining about the vendor replied.i have bought an edition of `` the key to the bible '' and i have several problems.non of the bonus material is available , it is not possible to open it from non of my computers . i also tryed it on computers of my friends , but it did not work . i would be glad for your help . is it maybe possible that the bonus features are not available on Windows Vista .
 We installed this software around a month ago . Interface is very unintuitive . Documentation is worse than what a 10year old would write . Site is hopeless in giving any information . Support is pathetic either from Sun , Emc or Legato.We are crying over why have we bought it in the first place . We should have gone for Veritas Netbackup . Integration with is completely ameoba types . Nothing works . You would not be able to figure out what to configure or which configuration would do what . It is chaos . . dont buy it !!
 The Hemera `` Photo Clip Art 150,000 '' contains almost all the images in this collection , but this is nearly 4x the price for 1/3 the images . What is the difference ? The images here have about a 20 % higher resolution and transparency masks -LRB- i.e. Photo Clip Art forces you to have a colored background , but you can have no background with photo objects -RRB- . Neither is really suitable for print unless you do n't want to print any of the photos beyond 2 inches high/wide . If you 're designing for the web , you 're usually going to throw a background in behind photos anyway , or if you need the transparency , you can easily select some obscure color for the background and `` magic wand '' it out in 30 seconds.So , if you bought the whole photo objects collection , you 'd spend nearly ten times as much to get mostly the same photos -LRB- i.e. Photo Clip Art has 26 photos of an Asian woman as a nurse while Photo Objects has the same 26 photos plus 3 more -RRB- a little larger and with transparency.If you 're a professional designer who would use this extensively , the extra cost might be worth it . But if you 're dabbling in web design , get the `` Photo Clip Art 150,000 '' instead and save yourself a LOT of money .
 Maybe I am naive but I had assumed these images were in a usable format . Instead , you have to export them , one by one , via a cumbersome 5-step process which is quite pointless and only serves to slow you down . This is not particularly useful to a designer . I just wanted some clip art . Now I see why they charge so little -- they cripple you!Also I concur that the images are not nearly as good a quality as Hemera would have you believe . All in all , though I love the quantity of images , the quality -LRB- and usability -RRB- is deeply lacking . Oh , and little would you guess , but if you want more than one computer to be able to use this library -LRB- i.e. over a network -RRB- you have to call them for a bulk license . Come on ! That 's what we designers use software like Portfolio for . Not the freeware-quality Hemera Clip Art Thing -LRB- tm -RRB- . I had high hopes . Now I feel generous in offering two stars for any such products .
 If you think that the claims made by the manufacturer actually come through and you are purchasing high quality images , think again . Although they offer a money back guarantee if you do n't like the collection -LRB- shipping is on you -RRB- , all too many images are blurred by an `` artistic '' coating that makes them unusable . Then they show you the real image in tiny slides . If you really want the `` good '' picture , you have to go to their web site and buy it ... There are some images you can actually use in the package , but not nearly as many as they claim ! I found some 350 variations of ONE picture -LRB- 1 easter egg -RRB- . The search engine is really buggy , but they offer an update online .
 Let the customers decide for themselves without trying to skew the voting with a 5 rating from someone with a `` hemera.com '' email address . Amazon should delete that review . Does anyone know how to go about requesting this ? -LRB- I looked through the Volume 2 catalog in a store , and was very skeptical about this product myself , and I own Vol 1 ... what 's with all the repetition and goofy `` groups of 35mm slides '' ?? -RRB-
 If you do n't own volume one , you will probably like this suite . If you do own volume one , you will definately hate it . Absolute waste of money at half the price . Most of the pics are washed out tapestry scenes that have virtually no practical use anywhere . And some of the pics are already on Vol 1 . In other words , buy Vol 1 , skip this disaster .
 First of all , I agree that the employee review is a bit tacky , but at least he was honest , he did n't come on with a hotmail address . Secondly , I do n't like all the images of slides either ... give me the images that are ON the slides ! The backgrounds might be nice if they were n't mutilated ... made `` grungy '' . I can do this myself if that effect is needed . All that said ... there are still a LOT of good images here you wo n't find elsewhere . And the fact that they are royalty-free is the big selling point . My problem is , it is about the crashiest program I own . I run it on an Acer Travelmate laptop , P3 600 w / 128 meg of ram and Win98SE . A pretty standard configuration . It will not run if ANY other program is running . And if you forget and try to run it before you shut everything down , forget it . After it crashes once , even when you close all other programs it wo n't run until you reboot . Talk about a major headache !!! My emails to support have all come back as `` mailbox full '' , so I guess others are having this problem . Or they just do n't ever read their mail . They also do n't respond to inquiries about the DVD version . Why they did n't ISSUE this on DVD is a total mystery ... of course then I 'd only have 1 coaster instead of a set of eight . :--RRB- Version 1 was great . Too bad V2 is such a disappointment . Hopefully they will get their act together .
 I have used Tax Cut for several years and reasonably satisfied . But the 2004 edition has an error in the auto update software that causes `` UNEXPECTED ERROR '' flag when trying to download the update . The TaxCut web site acknowledges the error and lists cause as UNKNOWN . Wasted time disabling firewall , anti-virus , etc. with no resolution . The only solution is to download a full update from their web site which is 42 mb and takes 3 hours with a 56K modem . Imagine this when buying software to speed your tax preparation . A check of the internet shows others having this problem also . Apparently they did not do much quality testing of this product.Otherwise the software is similar to previous years .
 Last year we were able to file a printed return using this software . This year not only could we not down load the mandatory update because there were no instructions that worked , but the software would not let us print a filable return only one with `` draft do not file '' written all over it . We went to Smart Tax , one of several on line providers listed on the IRS site , and used this to prepare and file our 1040 for free , and our state for a small fee this afternoon ! I 'll admit that having done the draft with Tax Cut helped . I 'm not counting on Tax Cut to get this fixed by next year .
 My mother worked for H&R ; Block for many years , so I have no personal problem with them.I have not used the 2004 , but I just quit working on the 2002 edition . I have rental properties and , even though I entered the information where it belonged , it somehow got transferred elsewhere . All of my real estate taxes got moved from where they belonged to form A. Entering the information directly onto the tax forms required me to override every single step . Also , I was not able to go to help and figure out what my standard mileage cost was , so it took me considerable time to go through their mileage dialogue boxes.I had used Turbo Tax in previous years and was not unhappy with them ; however , I had heard that Turbo Tax put spyware on the computer , and made it difficult to install on more than one computer . TaxCut was cheaper , and I figured there would really be no difference . However , at least for year 2002 , there was a big difference.I downloaded TaxAct just a moment ago ; it is cheaper than either turbo tax or taxcut , and so far , it behaves just like it is supposed to . I have been entering some info by their prompts and other info directingly onto the tax forms , and , except for the fact that the auto-save requires me to hit the hardreturn every time , other than that , I really like TaxAct .
 Last year , a bug in TaxCut caused by W2 to be entered twice in an e-filed return . Instead of getting a healthy refund , the IRS thought I owed them several thousand dollars in back taxes , penalty , and interest . Speaking of interest , HR Block showed NO interest in helping me with the problem that their bugware caused . It took me several months , several nasty letters from the IRS , and a long stream additional forms -LRB- not supported by TaxCut -RRB- to get the TaxCut problems straightened out.I 'm giving this product one star only because I ca n't give it zero . I heartily advise you to do whatever you need to do to avoid this product and this company . Use TurboTax , calculate by hand , or hire a CPA , but do NOT trust TaxCut .
 Since I have two elementary aged children , I thought that this product was a good buy . The packaging opens up like a booklet to display samples of the activities , and they looked alright . Problem is , I ca n't even find them to run them . I have looked at games with no instructions that I can not even figure out . Worse still , some of my cd roms say that they are demo versions only , and , if purchased , are illegal copies . I paid $ 40 at Best Buy ! I will only buy familiar titles like Jump Start in the future .
 Can only run if logged in as an administrator.Have to install 1 CD at a time , can not control installation paths.No user manual , no help files.Cannot set levels.Would rate as 0 stars if option was available .
 I agree with another reviewer who said they 'd give this program 0 stars of possible . I got a screen on the math program that told me it was a demo copy and if I saw that screen , it meant I 'd purchased an illegal copy . What ? I bought it from Sam 's Club !! It also made my new computer freeze up , and the history section was awful ... all it did was give a list of events or inventions and says to list them in chronological order . And the science program teaches only about earthworms , moths , and butterflies.Total waste of money . I had to drive 20 miles back to Sam 's Club and demand my money back .
 ** PLEASE NOTE
 This item is not even worth 1 star . All it does is freeze up . When you go to Topics support page it gives instructions on downloading patches . However the method that is recommended to download patches does not exist -LRB- at least in this dimension -RRB- . It is going right back .
 Even on the first race at the first level , one wreck and you ca n't win the first race , which means you ca n't get any money to fix the truck , which means you have to completely restart . No demo mode , no practice mode . Bad design , bad game , frustrating and getting rid of . More trouble than it 's worth . My 9 year old and I both tried and neither could win even one lap of the first race .
 This program is very bad . It is slow , does n't support a large amount of different file types . Very limiled options . If you want to compress files get something worth while and is well known like winzip or my favorite Winace
 This program was not what I thought it would be , it is like buying a text book for you child and having them take the review questions at the end of each chapter . It is boring and not interactive like you would expect from a computer program .
 I had hope this would encourage my son to study but it does n't load easy and it is not as user-friendly as I had hoped .
 If I had it to do over I 'd never buy this product . Installed and uninstalled 15 minutes later . Learned more from online websites than this software .
 Beware ! This cd would not run on windows vista or windows 7 . This is going back for sure . Do n't waste your time of money .
 This product claims to run under windows vista , but is incompatible with windows vista 64 bit . I made sure to order this version of it and not http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00005LJEM/?tag=msde-20 in order to get a version that works with vista . This is not the seller 's fault , but the learning company 's fault , as the back of the case clearly sates vista compatibility .
 I 'll be returning this software back to the store . It seems that it is not fully tested - it generates SQL errors , and shows the actual SQL . -LRB- thanks - it is very `` helpful '' -RRB- . The support is not free . Very disappointed .
 I bought this because it was only $ 30 and WAY cheaper than Quickbooks Pro . However , after only 5 minutes of trying to use it , I realized that I can ONLY pay my payables by cutting a CHECK ! I pay most of my bills using my credit card and debit card ! -LRB- Who pays by check anymore ? -RRB- This program is CHEAP and CRAP and if you want to call their tech support , they charge you $ 20 just for the CALL and additional $ for each minute.DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM -- Spare yourself the agony and get Quickbooks Pro . Even the grafix -LRB- and desktop icon included ! -RRB- are awful . POOR POOR POOR
 I purchased this because it listed Mac OSX , but it runs on 9 . It was very disappointing . It 's old , do n't buy it .
 Do n't use your credit card to subsript to the online WSJ , or your credit card info will be kept on their web site -LRB- even after the transcation -RRB- and you will be bound by the contract for renewal . To get off the contract , you have to make a personal call to the customer service . It is a shame for such a prestigious business journal to take this porn site approach.I have been reading the WSJ for more than 10 yrs , and I notice a recent drop of quality in its articles . -LRB- research/foreign staff cut ? -RRB- Because of that , I no longer read the WSJ daily . I turn to the Business Week for weekly summary , and the McKinesy Quarterly Review and the Harvard Business Review for more business reading.The online WSJ used to be a nice companion to the printed version while I was on the road . But the new design of the online WSJ web site is so difficult to use and confusing that now I 'll just watch CNBC/CNN fn in the hotel room instead .
 I 've been a loyal WSJ subscriber for many years and have found it to be well worth the subscription price . Since the Murdoch purchase , however , quality of the content has degraded , with many more fashion and other fluff pieces . The new auto-renewal subscription tactics are not consumer friendly , to say the least . Now they are increasing my subscription fees about 200 percent . Sadly , I am cancelling my subscription and will be looking for a substitute news source .
 I subscribed to this paper for 25 years and finally cancelled after reading too many Karl Rove rants on the op-ed page . The paper has become what everyone feared when Murdock bought it . The great reporting is essentially gone , and the paper is filled with trivia or biased political stories . While they make mention of Murdoch 's troubles in Britain for illegal activities , the treatment is mild . I moved to the NY TImes , something I should have done years ago.BTW before cancelling the paper I inquired about getting it online only . Would cost $ 10 per month for both paper and online and $ 18 without paper . Would n't budge , just told me to buy the dou and tell them to donate the paper .
 Website is slow and overloaded . Sometimes takes minutes to get into site or to get an article to load up -LRB- this on a high-speed connection -RRB- . WSJ always claims that it 's a problem on my end , even though all other sites I go to load up in 2 seconds or less.Also , they go up on charges without warning . My original subscription was $ 29 . Now it 's $ 79 , but they never warned that the charge was going to $ 79 ; they just charged my credit card .
 I have been a subscriber for a few years with one year time out . I can tell you that over the years amount of flashing ads is at the point that I ca n't read anymore . Try reading a newspaper with warms crawling all over it . Good luck . And we have to pay for this ??? No way . If I have to have blinking ads I can find enough publications for free.In addition , when I was on vacation and I did n't have fast Internet connection I was unable to get to the site on dial-up modem . Simply pages were loading too slow . On one occasion my laptop froze when some kind of video ad was trying to run . Save yourself a hassle . Get a newspaper . Their rate is going up to $ 79 a year.Also as others have mentioned there is a hassle when you want to cancel subscription . First you have to dig in the website to find any cancellation information . Finally , when you find it you will learn that you have to call them or send a cancellation letter . They do not provide mail address , however , so you have to call them . You should expect better service from Wall Street Journal.MB
 As a subscriber to online WSJ for over 2 years I have reviewed the changes to the site and have come to the following conclusions :1 . The new site is cluttered .2 . The new site has terrible , distracting colors .3 . The new site is disorganized , with way too many bells , whistles , features , and options .4 . The new site does not allow me to read the WSJ paper the night before , with the same simple layout as printed copy , therefore , rendering it useless to me .5 . The old site was much better , both easier to navigate & read .6 . Without a `` classic '' feature , which simply allows me to read the same paper as the printed copy , with a similar layout as was previously available , I will cancel the online service .7 . I read the discussion boards . I am in the majority . THE NEW SITE STINKS!Mark PorterWest Chicago , IL
 The Wall Street Journel invented and is still the best at fair and balenced reporting , inspite of what fox news may think . They have great writers who care and if they edit your comments it is only to allow space for it to fit . In short this is the only American news company that can be trusted on a day to day basis . So this begs the question , why do I only give them 2 stars . Thier front page news stories are brought out to slow to be of value if the story has time value . It is still a great paper -LRB- web site -RRB- if in todays fast paced world you can find time for it . Dow Jones Market Watch -LRB- same company -RRB- is a better site for up to the minuite finacial information and it is free .
 I tried to buy this package but in the ordering process was told that since I 'm in New Zealand , the item can not be `` shipped '' to my destination . Any system that maladroit deserves to choke on its own emissions -- and while it 's probably more a reflection on Amazon than the Journal , someone at the paper should be more awake to these sorts of issues .
 This is not a complaint about Amazon , just the Wall Street Journal On-Line . I subscribed to WSJ Online and used a credit card to pay . As my subscription was ending , I started receiving e-mails saying that my credit card had expired and the subscription would not renew . That was fine with me because I hardly ever used it . Despite those messages , the subscription did renew and I received a much higher charge on my credit card than I had paid in the previous year . When I tried to cancel my unwanted subscription I was told that WSJ Online would not give any refunds and that I was stuck with the one year subscription .
 I just noticed that my $ 99 annual online subscription was increased to $ 150 plus tax . My credit card was automatically billed for this . I knew the renewal was going to take place , but was unaware of the 50 % boost in cost ! I can not do anything about it this time , but will not renew and think that their no refund policy is very anti-consumer . I know of no other periodical that has that policy .
 The Wall Street Journel is an excellent resource/web site.To obtain your temporary password and access to the web site is totally ridiculous . The password is shipped to you in a box with excess junk . In addition there is a shipping charge for all of that junk . If you decline shipping charges your password is delayed a few extra days.Most other sites either send you a letter within a few days or have some type of authentication that allows you to come online immediately . If Amazon can take your credit card information immediately in a secure mode why not give me my password immediately and send me the junk mail later ????
 I was a happy camper until I received a surprise $ 99 WSJ charge on my credit card with no prior notice . Customer service said it was `` in my contract '' , that I get auto renewals at whatever the going rate is . They refused to cancel/refund the overpriced additional year under any circumstances .
 Have been a subscriber since the early 1980 's -LRB- yes I am a dinosaur -RRB- and WSJ was the only newspaper I read for a number of years . After News Corp takeover , however , there has been a steady decline in the quality of the reporting . At the same time there has been a large increase in the number of AP Wire stories -LRB- not original -RRB- and non-business stories -LRB- sorry ca n't call it reporting -RRB- . The one thing the WSJ was good at was in-depth stories that took you into the boardroom and conference rooms of companies and really opened up the complex issues in business in easy to understand terms . The stories were direct and readily exposed corporate corruption as well as great achievements . Sadly , this deep reporting was something Murdock specifically targeted for removal - he felt the stories were too long.Now we are left with perhaps 40 % of the original content plus quite a bit of fluff . Much of the business `` reporting '' consists of repeating the press releases without independent analysis or commentary . Worse yet , a huge amount of editorial bias has infected the non-opinion pages , to the extent that the credibility of the underlying reporting is in question.Check out the on-line edition . Any story that mentions Democrats has 50-400 bile-spewing comments from people vilifying individuals -LRB- e.g. , commenting on Barney Frank 's homosexuality in an article about the Fed 's powers -RRB- and not even addressing the fundamental issues . Debate is completely missing - instead it is a rant forum . There are a couple of posters with the ability to construct a reasonable argument , but the majority of on-line posters have gut-felt opinions and stick to them regardless of the topic . Unfortunately , the company seems to realize this is the new subscriber base , and seems to pander to it and we are worse off for it . It is a very sad state of affairs . For those less fortunate to have been a reader prior to the bias change , I can tell you that you missed the paper when it was its best.I recommend the Financial Times . It is thinner - does n't have the same level of content - but is almost strictly business and still includes unbiased commentary . The slant is a bit non-US - so politics only surfaces when there really is something happening -LRB- as opposed to repeating Republican `` talking points '' daily like we see in WSJ -RRB- which is a bit refreshing , though I do enjoy a bit of politics for entertainment . Interestingly , I have found that my horizons have expanded greatly since subscribing a couple of years ago . I actually understand the world economy much better now since the FT includes articles about business from around the world . I highly recommend it - and also recommend sticking to it while reading non-U.S. news -LRB- very boring at first since you probably wo n't have an international perspective -RRB- - you will probably find the broader perspective refreshing after a while . You can get some great first-time subscriber deals . When it was time to renew , my wife told them there was no way she was paying $ 300 + for the online edition -LRB- yes they actually charge for their content -RRB- and she somehow talked them down to $ 84 for the year . I do n't know how , but stick to your guns and you can get on-line plus print for a great first year rate , and can talk them down on the renewal.Good luck - I still have both paper and on-line edition of the WSJ but will drop one or both this year . It will be difficult , but I have to be realistic and accept that the news I am looking for simply '' ` ai n't there no more '' . Kind of like breaking up with a girlfriend - hard to do and usually you find you should have done it 6 months earlier. ; -RRB-
 I got an email about 30 days ago that my subscription would be automatically renewing . Never said what the price was . Never dreamed it would go up 50 % without WSJ telling me it was going up . I would have kept the subscription had they not gone up . FYI there is no way to cancel your subscription online . I looked under my account when I got the email letting me know my subscription would automatically renew and could not find what my new rate would be . Just said I had to call their customer service to cancel my account . 30 days later I see the charge on my credit card statement . Never got an email from WSJ telling me my subscription had been renewed or renewed at a 50 % increase . I called their number to cancel because I do n't respond well to that type of treatment from a company ! Took about 10 minutes on hold to speak to someone and get it canceled . The agent assured me it would be done . Be interesting to see if I get my credit on my credit card.Businesses should never keep their customers in the dark . Businesses should be thankful of auto renewing customers and learn that it sends a bad message when you hide an increase little lone a 50 % increase . I would have stayed a customer had they not hidden the rate or gone up !
 To echo to the sentiments expressed before me , I am highly disappointed the flagrant WSJ price increase that they throw at you with auto-renew and then refuse to remove . My $ 99 annual subscription renewed yesterday for $ 197 . Yes , it doubled in price . While I understand that the media industry is down on its knees , I would like to think that such a venerable publication would have a bit more integrity than to blindside its customers like that .
 Last year I paid $ 79 for my online subscription to the WSJ and received a $ 20 Amazon.com coupon as part of the deal . It took several months and a couple of emails to the WSJ to get the Amazon.com coupon but it finally came . I received an email last month that my online subscription would renew and found the renewal rate posted in very small print at $ 207.48 . This is quite an large increase but also does n't make sense since the WSJ website offers a one-year online subscription for $ 1.99 a week -LRB- $ 104 for the year -RRB- . I tried to cancel my subscription on-line but they only provide a general customer service phone number and no online way to cancel . Strange since they allow you to sign up online and create an online account for you showing your billing information . Obviously they do n't want to make cancelling convenient or easy . I called their 800 number , waited on hold , and finally reached a customer service representative . He asked me to explain my problem , then informed me he had to transfer me to their `` cancellation '' department and put me on hold again . He finally returned saying the department was very busy but that he had been authorized to help me . He agreed to allow my subscription to finish and then terminate . However , he could not provide me a cancellation confirmation number or an email stating my subscription would be cancelled . So I just have to hope that his verbal confirmation is good enough . Thanks Rupert Murdoch for bringing your tabloid professionalism to the WSJ and ruining it like most things your touch . What a jerk !
 My online membership had expired and my account file noted that the rate was $ 99 . SO I updated my account information to renew via credit card . Wel-l-l-l ... when I checked my statement , I had been billed for $ 155 !! That is a 57 % increase over last year !! I 'm shocked , dismayed , and disgusted . So I called them and told them to CANCEL MY ACCOUNT . That is a usurious rate , I do n't see how they can justify it . Particularly ONLINE !! When I told the rep that my account information showed the rate at $ 99 for renewal , he assured me that it was last year 's rate , and that the current rate was $ 155 . NO THANKS !
 I have subscribed to the WSJ online for a number of years and with the last increase to $ 207 - yes that is right , a one year online subsciption is $ 207 , if you have not learned they jump the prices up once you are a subsciber and have to renew - I find that the subscription is just not worth the money.The Journal used to be a great source of up-to-date business information , but with the cuts of real reporters the information usually is no better than can be found from other much less expensive providers , or for free from other online sources .
 I purchase Wall Street Journal content for my Kindle . They want to charge me double if I want the exact same content on a different machine . I do not think this is fair . To me , it 's like the newspaper charging you for a subscription but you can only read it in your living room . If you want to move to the kitchen , they would charge you again . I called , e-mailed , and online posted comments and have received no comments from them.Has anyone else run into this problem ?
 I subscribed for one year , and found the Wall Street Journal 's web site to be enormously interesting and helpful . Great insights , lots of information , and it 's one of those web sites where you find little `` surprises '' -LRB- like financial data bases -RRB- embedded deep in the site , like a kid 's treasure hunt . It 's one of the highest quality web sites out there.But after the first year , I was surprised when the Wall Street Journal automatically billed me for renewal at a higher rate , with no notice about the rate increase . And , like others , I discovered that they would n't refund the subscription once charged . And -- even more challenging -- they would n't let me cancel a year in advance for the following year . I had to make a calendar note for when the subscription was next going to expire , wait for nearly a year , and time my cancellation so that it was shortly before the expiration date . If I had slipped and forgotten to cancel at the exact right moment , they would have gotten me for another year . -LRB- And do n't bother asking your credit card company for help . As far as they 're concerned , you 're the idiot who signed the subscription agreement , so they could n't care less . -RRB- I have contacted the Wall Street Journal 's subscription department about this , and was essentially told that as a matter of policy the only way to subscribe to the Wall Street Journal 's web site is to give them permission to bill you year after year after year into eternity , unless you call them at the right time and beg them to stop , and they agree.If that 's the way you like to be treated by people you buy things from , then a subscription to the Wall Street Journal 's web site is right up your alley !
 my subscription was $ 99/yr and is due to expire in June 2009 . They are raising the rate 50 % to $ 149 , which they described as a `` bit of an increase . ''
 You can only order the e-version by credit card . I gave them a credit card that would expire prior to my next renewal and surprise the WSJ managed to put thru a charge anyway . As stated in the other reviews there is nothing in the site labeled cancel subscription . So once they have your number - watch out , unless you are willing to spend a LONG LONG time on the PHONE -LRB- i.e. not computer -RRB- trying to get your charges reversed . I personally believe both items are purposeful , only taking a charge card and then offering no on line method to cancel the subscription . Customer service is a JOKE !!!!
 Other people complained of the automatic charge to their credit card and the increased rate without notification is correct . I though if I buy from Amazon , it will be just for one year since I saw price offered was for one year.The other Amazon customer noted getting a message when they were on the WSJ site that their credit card was out of date . I received the same pop up message while reading the online paper -LRB- my charge card was not out of date -RRB- , but I did later see a charged on my statement at the new increased rate . It is a very unprofessional way of doing business.Before my credit card was automatic charged for the 2nd year , I did not get an email for the subsription renewal nor a notification of an aproximate increase of 65 percent at $ 129.00 Original subscription was aprx . $ 72 paid . I would have canceled if I had known about the increase . -LRB- Maybe its in the fine print last year when I was signing up but I did not notice it -RRB- . The surprising thing is that many people would not notice such a high increase on their credit card for their subscription . I have absolutely lost my respect for the Wall Street Journals in their business practice . I 'm just worry how I can stop the WSJ from me charging automatically next year and the year after it if they keep raising the rate every year . I can ' cancel my credit card since it is tie to other things.Maybe if you do subscribe to the WSJ , its better to go a different route so you will NOT get the really high rate for a subscription renewal for the next .
 Well , victim may be a somewhat strong term , but I , like many others here , was auto-renewed at a higher rate -LRB- $ 129 in my case -RRB- and am stuck with the charge . Yes , I 'm sure it 's half my fault -LRB- I probably deleted the warning e-mail as spam -RRB- , but I 'm not a rich guy , so a charge like that one stings . I 'll be darn sure there 'll be no future renewals , and the only way I 'll read the WSJ after this expires is in the local library . Shame on them , and me .
 In my experience , the value and useful content of the WSJ has deteriorated over the last few years , while the price has continued to rise.To compound the problem , the WSJ subjects subscribers , particularly those of us on `` autopay '' to arbitrary , unjustified price increases with no option of a refund if we chose not to continue the subscription.The amount of the increase in staggering . From one year to the next the price went from $ 99 annually to $ 204 -LRB- $ 155 for the Journal and $ 49 for Barron 's , and I never asked to receive the latter -RRB- . An arbitrary > 100 percent increase with no justification , no option to cancel and no corresponding increase in value provided -LRB- on the contrary -RRB- seems extraordinarily poorly thought out , especially in today 's business climate.It give me great pause to think that these are the ethics of Murdoch and Newscorp .
 I 've now been a subscriber to the online version of the paper for five years . My original subscription was $ 69 . In subsequent years , it has gone to $ 79 , $ 89 , $ 99 , and this year , I 'm informed $ 119 . That 's a 71 % increase in five years . Slightly more than general inflation.I will echo other reviewers ' problems with customer service . Last year , I got the e-mail about the automatic renewal . I called the 800 number to tell them I did n't want them to automatically renew me , and to cancel it as of the expiration date . -LRB- At the time , there was talk that Rupert Murdoch would make it a free paper . The customer service representative would not guarantee me that I would get a pro rata refund if that happened . -RRB- I then subsequently got two more e-mails telling me that I needed to update my credit card information for the renewal . Both times , I had to call back , being on hold for 10 minutes each time , to AGAIN , tell them I did n't want to renew . I finally did renew after a customer retention representative offered me 15 months at my previous years $ 89 . However , I 'm probably not going to renew this year for a different reason . I have been watching the paper closely since Murdoch took it over . I have noticed a change in the paper , from being the business paper of record , to more of a general-interest newspaper . There is much more content on politics and non-business than in the past . Checking out the blogs , which is one of the best reasons for an online subscription -- they have added the following titles
 I have been a subscriber of WSJ online since the beginning -LRB- over 10 years -RRB- , and recently got an unexpected 20 % increase in the annual renewal rate -LRB- $ 120 -RRB- put on my AE card . I love the Journal , and read it every day , but 20 % was enough to make me rethink my subscription . I called to cancel , and could n't get through after 3 tries and long waits . After reading here I find I am stuck with the renewal . I then went to cancel my CC which was not possible . This reminds me of the old AOL which made it impossible to cancel their service . I never received notice of the price increase , and now know they are deceiving their customers . WSJ is a great online newspaper , but it appears they are now being run by dishonest folks . Contractors , I suspect . You have been warned so be careful giving them your CC # . I will have my CC number changed , and will keep trying to cancel my renewal which is in May of 2009 . I will not subscribe again unless I can do it without a CC # .
 I renewed my online subscription about ten months ago by buying it through Amazon . Things went smoothly and everything was great . I was getting access to the best newspaper on the planet relatively cheap with a three month archive . Then Murdoch bought it and took control . The website has been completely redesigned and the articles have been dumbed down a bit/shortened . I get bombarded with several advertisements on the main page , even after paying $ 89.99 for a thirteen month subscrition . Every article has at least two large advertisements on it that detract from the reading experience . I used to be able to save the printer friendly versions of articles as web pages on my hard drive . I do n't bother anymore because they now look TERRIBLE . The three month archive of complete newspapers arranged by date no longer exists . I feel a little insulted because after dumbing down and shortening the articles , the WSJ now offers short video clip summaries certain articles . I guess they provide this if you 're too lazy to actually read the article . The types of people who typically read the journal do n't want their information spoon fed to them but that 's what the new Murdoch WSJ does for you . This newspaper is not what it once was . If you liked the old WSJ , do yourself a favor . Get a subscription to The Financial Times !
 My sister and I got this game for christmas one year . It is an ok game but could be better . First off you get the create your character by giving her a name and changing her hat color , shirt color , pants color , boot color , and hair color . Then you customize your horse give it a name and choose its coat color , mane color , saddle pad color , and saddle color . One thing i really hated about this game is that when you groom your horse you can only click on it with a brush and it whinnys . You can also give it an apple and a carrot but it just disappears , no sound no mouth movement . When you ride you hop on your horse and choose practice , competition , or pasture . If you go to practice you ride around barrelracing . If you choose compition you ride around doing barrel racing but you are trying to get a good time . Then if you go to pasture you are doing different Barrel-related events . There are only 5 events ... which i beat in less than 30 minutes !! and for competition ... beat that in less that 15 minutes !! ALL you get to do is barrel race the whole time i really wish they would have added more events . So overall i beat the game in less than an hour :-LRB- ... Maybe the game is for younger kids but it really has noting to do except barrel racing !!! hope this helped !
 you can play this game for a week and like it but you get bored with it theres only 3 tracks and they dont have the color palamino or the mane color palamino but theres 1 thing cool about it you can unlock the colors zebra and giraffe . and the black looks like brown and the black mane looks like brown . so save your money dont buy it
 I tried this product in search of one that could give me the peace of mind that this type of product promises to do . Unfortunately this one has a lot of issues . For one thing it no longer supported . That can be understood as this product is about nine years old . I gave it a try despite the age of the product and found that this version also will not work with a lot of today 's browsers . I tried just about all the browsers , even the less well known ones , and got the same result . It simply does not work with most websites . I also noticed that this product also caused my computer to crash a lot just like the other versions . The problem disappeared after I uninstalled it . This one went to the trash like the others .
 But worth it if you manage to master the program . It just takes a little time and patience . I read the positive reviews on this product , and `` Solved 2005 '' could be a wonderful asset to those of us trying to learn or brush up on our math skills . However , I found the program very frustrating and confusing to navigate . There is no written manual - the information is on line . That means every time something is n't working , or I need to look up what to do , I have to leave the problem I 'm working on and surf the program to try and find my answer.I have to admit , when I contacted Bagatrix for help , they responded with answers , but again , having to do this takes time away from study time and I should n't have to keep contacting them with questions about their program .
 Crashed the system every time I tried to use it ... gave me such a headache I tossed it in the trash ...
 The product is not user friendly ... it doesnt prompt you to do anything . I had to email customer care like 6 times and was very frustrated because there was no phone numbr to call ... finally I played with it enough to download my itunes ... but really i do not recommend it unless you know exactly what your doing .
 Do n't buy this product . I bought it from Best Buy and it would n't read the music on my ipod . Then I tried returning to Best Buy and they woudl n't help me out whatsoever .
 This product did not work -LRB- apparently they sent a later version -RRB- and when I contacted Valusoft to get the appropriate version mailed , they never sent it . Still trying to get it -LRB- months later -RRB- .
 I ordered this after my hard drive crashed , it did NOT work for my daughters Ipod Nano , I sent it back and got Copypod instead and it worked !
 I got this program to transfer tunes off my ipod after my hard drive got corrupted , but the program did n't work . The tech support was unhelpful . After a little internet search , I found out that you do n't even need a program for what I was trying to do ! It 's basically a scam .
 I installed the program right away , but it did n't work . Did n't transfer nothing from my Ipod to my Ibook . Is there a way to return it ?
 I installed it without problems but it does not `` recognize '' my iPod ; and according to the help instructions that happens when the iPod 's disk is notenabled to be used ; but mine was enabled . My Pc met all the requirements neededto use the program and I went to thier help site and tried what it suggestedbut the program would not work . I can not recommend this program to anyone . Sorry .
 Unfortunately , the product would n't even install on my Mac OS X Leopard , so I ca n't really say it did n't work -- but unless it installs , it 's useless , right ? I contacted the seller 's customer service over the internet , explained the problem , but got no reply . So I 'm returning the software to Amazon , whose customer service answered my online request for a refund right away -LRB- hurray Amazon ! -RRB- . A few years ago , I had to download from my iPod when the old OS X crashed -LRB- it does that a lot -RRB- . I downloaded something off the internet and it worked , I guess that 's where I 'll have to go again .
 I bought this at Office Depot and I fell for the low price . Easy review folks - it just does n't work Do n't buy it
 there is freakin freeware that does the same thing . it isnt hard to find
 Get the computer on a network , and transfer music to multiple computers for 0 Dollars and 0 Cents
 I would class myself as a savvy PC and Mac person that has been using iPod and iTunes since the beginning.THIS simply does not work - for me ... Be careful !
 The issue at hand is not really being able to copy the files from the ipod to another computer , it is to reconstruct the internal table of contents so that anything else besides the ipod and authorized computer knows what these files are!There are excellent freeware and shareware programs that can do the same thing ! I use CopyPod and love it.Don ' t waste your money on this !
 This program is a shameful waste of money . The very idea that the makers are the only people who have given positive reviews to the product is pathetic .
 This program DID NOT WORK with my iPod nano . Their website does n't say that it does not work with the nano either.For me , it was a total waste of $ 20.00
 Like many I bought an Ipod thinking I could easily transfer tunes from my old PC to my new . Ha ! I 'm not eager to put a bunch of infected freeware junk on my new PC so I was about to buy this cd when I saw someone here mention Copypod . Skeptical , I went to check out the website and saw they were recommended by Walt Mossberg at the Wall Street Journal , a pretty respectable and objective source . I went ahead and paid the $ 20 and downloaded it , printed out 2 pages of clear and simple instructions , and in 14 minutes I had over 1300 songs uploaded to my new pc . Easy as pie ! I confess I have n't tried this Tune Transfer , but I do n't see how you could do any better than Copypod . Save yourself a wait for the cd or a trip to the store , and get Copypod - a 2-week free trial is available . I sound like I work for them , do n't I ? Well , just ask Walt !
 Avoid this product unless you like paying money for packaged freeware . There are numerous free and legit downloads online that perform the same task and then some ... AVOID !!!
 Typical example of a product designed to take advantage of the misinformed . Tsk , tsk , tsk ... 1 . There are free programs all over the net from VERY trusted sources that can do what this program does and then some .2 . Put your Ipod into Disk Mode where you can find ` secret ' options . ` Nuff said .3 . Do n't buy this junk . It 's right up there with the so-called `` pay '' Kazaa services -LRB- lolz -RRB- and pay-to-use torrents . You are not supposed to pay for stuff like this , people ! Get educated about your resources !
 I accidentally synched my iPod to an incomplete library on one of my authorized computers . It wiped out about 50 % of my songs , so I purchased TunesTransfer to prevent future losses . Granted , it was n't for much , about $ 20 , but still.I loaded it onto my computer and the program never worked . It never recognized/detected my iPod . After reading the reviews here , I went to CopyPod . That program worked like a charm . Recognized the iPod instantly . It was almost as easy to use CopyPod as it is to use iTunes in the first place . I would definitely recommend CopyPod over this .
 I already had copypod and was using it very well , my son bought Tune Transfer , thinking that it was a better program , all it was , was a waste of money and his time trying to use it , he went back to copypod ... lol
 I would recommend buying the very latest ipod transfer software - not TuneTransfer.I bought a used CD-ROM in July 2008 , originally released 2006 ; but when I downloaded it into two separate PCs , neither failed to detect an ipod attached -LRB- even when I changed itunes settings to allow disk usage -RRB- . This tells me perhaps the latest version of itunes disables this software to detect the ipod , when attached - thus , not allowing transfer of songs ... If itunes really wanted ipod memory to be transferrable , they would allow it . What they DO N'T want is for songs purchased from itunes to be transferrable to any other computer , which could diminish download sales .
 Save your $ 20 , Please ... This thing does the same thing as iTunes . If you already have an iPod , it should have come with iTunes software . If it did n't , you can download it for free from apple.com . iTunes is built for your iPod , therefore it is it 's best companion for music transfering . If iTunes is too hard for you to use , then you do n't know how to use a computer because iTunes automatically updates your iPod for you without you having to do anything . SAVE YOUR MONEY ! PLEASE !!! I know I sound mad , but I 'm just a consumer advisor .
 this looks like it would be perfect if only I could get it to run . I have tryed it on 5 different computers all with requirements for this DVD no luck so for.Dolores I freeman -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It did n't install correctly . I finally installed it peacemeal . I could n't get an acceptable design out of it . Total waste of money .
 Very mediocre . I was unable to do significant topographic elevation changes - had to buy a different program and trash this one . Very simple tasks it handled . I admit I got frustrated and gave up - it might do what I needed it to , but I gave up trying .
 As soon as I tried to load this software , my security software popped up with a message that the program contained adware that could collect browsing history and send it out to a remote server . Maybe that 's why the price was so low . -LRB- $ 19.95 from the publisher -RRB- I 'll look for something else .
 I purchase this software at a retail store . Huge waste of money . I 've had the software about a month . I 've tried several times to work with it and I 'm no computer dummy . It 's difficult to manuver through the programs.If you scan in photo of your house/yard to see what certain plants look like , you ca n't do it . It only gives you general plants just for looks . I wanted to build a planting bed and this program is not good for doing it.So after failing to get actual plant with names from the first scenario I decided to go ahead and try the 3D thing . With this option you can not scan in a photo of your home . You have to build one from ground up or you choose one of their stock photos . That really bites . I 'm still have n't been able to even get the footprint of my house , because the closest one that resembles mine is not working for some reason . I 've finally given up . I too wish I could get my money back . There is no way to contact the software company.All in all - do n't waste your money or your time . I 'm back on the hunt for another software program .
 I bought this software and was unable to load it on my computer . My computer met the minimum requirements , but after I came home and tried to load it on the computer it would not load . Come to find out , XP users may have difficulty ... WHAT ? It says XP on the box . When I tried to get support , they have no phone number , no e-mail -LRB- fishy for a software company -RRB- and you have to write them a letter , which they never write back . DO NOT BUT ANYTHING FROM VALUSOFT !
 The description led me to believe that I could use this as a non-landscape expert . I am a novice and this is not a product for a novice - either from a computer saavy standpoint or a landscaping standpoint . I can not use this software other than the encylopedia and I would not have purchased this just for that . I 'm dissapointed and wish I could get my money back .
 This software was uninstallable . They wo n't replace the DVD or refund the cost . Their support is extremely poor .
 Apparently DVD means must have disk in machine at all times to run , who wants to do that ? I was told program is pretty good but I did n't look very hard because I do n't want to endure learning when I rebel at the idea of keeping a disk close at hand . Though it says you can register online , I was thrown into some sort of game sequense . Online update did n't work because prog is not smart enough for a straight up cable access ?? At $ 25 it 's not worth bothering to return it so I 'd suggest saving you money and look elsewhere .
 Software wo n't install , Tech Support sent an email stating to wash the CD with warm water and let it air dry . This was new software opened for the first time - should have been clean , but I washed it anyway -- Still Would n't Install . Tech Support sugested several other fixes by email -- all seemed very technical to me -- I wanted to use the program I bought , not work on it . Save your money , find another program that works right out of the box .
 IM STILL WAITING ON THIS SLOW SNAIL MAIL , HOPEFULLY IT WILL COME TODAY I HAVE TRIED TRACKING THIS DOWN WITH NO LUCK AND ITS FOR CHRISTMAS IT SAYS IT WAS DELIEVERED BUT NOT HERE ?
 This product is worthless . Difficult to set up and then when I did my daughter showed little interest . I simply deleted the game from my computer .
 If you are serious about designing your own home , do yourself a favor and invest in a better package than this one.The feature that drew my attention to this title was the plan tracer . You can load a plan graphic and draw walls over it - but the program is n't smart enough to recognize closed four-sided boxes as rooms . Additionally , the grid-snapping is arbitrary - sometimes you can move a wall at will , sometimes not . This is true when designing from scratch , too - the system is inflexible and awkward to use . Fortunately the 3D camera is self-intuitive . The other programs included in this package are equally weak . The interior photo designer is clever but unrealistic , and so on.A word of caution
 I picked up this program because it was cheap and I wanted something to test out some ideas about features to put in a house.The program has a fun little camera that lets you walk around the house and see the room from any perspective . You can play with furnishings and hang pictures on the wall . All in all , it felt a little like playing with a little girl 's doll house.However I do n't want to play with dolls , I want to design a house for me to live in so I went at it with this program.Lets play with some fancy rooms like octagons and circles ... oops the program only has a set number of room shapes and they all have straight walls and 90 degree angles.OK , so I wo n't use their canned rooms , I 'll put the walls together to make my own ... oops the program wo n't let you draw a room inside a room
 The amazon web site indicates this will work with newer versions of Win but it does NOT work with Win 7 - which is all there is now a days . The web site does not indicatre that now - how odd is that . We wasted money because we only havec WIN 7 and now our lkittle child has NOTHING and we have useless software . Do NOT buy this if you have a new laptop or computer . Also , we loaded this on our OLD computer with an old version of Win and looked at it and it is terribly basic stuff - maybe 3 or 4 year old , but 5 and 6 year olds will be bored .
 The age range recommend by the publisher is 3-7 and was first copyrighted / published in 1995 . It did n't look it they made any changes / improvements at all . I bought this for my science loving 5-year and I was quickly disappointed . The window the game was quite small and did n't take up the entire computer screen which made it eye straining to see . The graphics and animations were old and not very interactive . A child can do a lot clicking here or there to sort and sequence but it does n't explain much to satisfy a 5-year old curiosity . PBS -LSB- ... -RSB- website has better well thought-out science activities than Sammy 's Science House .
 I upgraded to Retrospect 6.0 for Mac in hopes that it would be more reliable than the previous version , Retropsect Express 5.0 . An attractive feature in 6.0 is that one can use the software to create a specialized driver for one 's particular CD/DVD burner . I had hoped that this feature would allow for more reliable backups . Unfortunately , the software is still too sensitive . Sometimes it would write cleanly to my DVD/CD media . Then at other times , the program would n't finish -- on the log , the program would say that the write heads were dirty -LRB- even for brand new media -RRB- . I had a situation where the program created a backup to 10 spanned CD-RW 's -LRB- took most of the day to create -RRB- , but upon verification , rejected my image copy . If one sucessfully creates an image copy , then that copy is useable to restore from -- I have a set created in April 2004 which I use as my emergency backup . However , there is no guarantee that one can easily create another image copy whenever one needs one , because sometimes the software works and other times , it would say the write heads are dirty . The program does seem to work better with CD-R or DVD-R media and not RW media .
 I 've been using Retrospect for 10 years . It 's always been deep software and hard to get it working correctly , but I always have succeeded until now . If you buy this , you can expect to have difficulty setting up your devices . I have a Mac G5 with a Superdrive running Tiger . But I ca n't seem to get it to work with DVD-R or DVD-RW media . Keeps crashing the software.Dantz was bought out by EMC and the support on the EMC website is sparse for Retrospect .
 The cd 's do not work ! I want to return them . Delivery time was lengthy.Instant Immersion Italian
 I bought this CD rom Brand new and made sure my computer had the space and capabilities to run it . I tried to down load it several times I 've had other people try on thier computers , it wo n't download . It looked like a great game for my 5 year old but I she never got to play it .
 We bought this product because we were so happy with `` Elmo 's reading basics '' and figured we could n't go wrong and were intrigued by the Spanish component . Wrong ... this is an older style program compared to Reading Basics and just does n't teach as effectively . Seems to run okay on our Windows 98 .
 I just received this software 2 hours ago . I have been trying to download it ever since .1 . Does it not say for Windows XP ? 2 . It comes with a little piece of paper so I thought it must be easy to download .3 . It does not . Trying to find troubleshooting help is very difficult . Does not give you a phone number to help.If you want to spend your time figuring out what to do with software . . get it.If not get something else .
 This program does not translate accurately . I 've tried to translate english to russian and russian to english . Does n't work at all . I wrote a letter to company but they did n't even bother to respond -LRB- This was 1 month ago !! -RRB- Do not recommend to anyone unless you just want to waste your money and time .
 I want to use this occasion to warn people not to fall for so called `` translation programs '' . They all produce gibberish , and you can get that for free on the internet , e.g. from Babelfish . So do n't waste your money on this .
 This wo n't load into a windows XP operating system . I am going to give it the school , they have Mac . It sounds great but there is no tech support at the number on the CD so beware before you buy .
 I bought this and after I received it , I realized it was an old version that will not work on newer computers . I tried to email and resolve the issue . No one responded to me . Do n't buy it .
 CANT RATE BECAUSE IT WONT WORK AT ALL . IT KEEPS GOING BACK TO THE INSTALL SCREEN AFTER BEING INSTALLED . A BIG WASTE OF MONEY
 I 've been a fan of SystemSuite for years , and always bragged about how good these programs were . That is , until I upgraded from SS4 to SS5 . Apparently , there is a fatal conflict between this and AOL 9.0 -LRB- and 8.0 -RRB- , and V-Com seems quite unconcerned about the whole thing . Think you 'll never see a blue screen with Windows XP ? Try this out ! Tech support was a joke . No phone support available , resulting in an endless series of frustrating e-mails . The worse thing is that uninstalling SS5 does n't solve the problem -- obviously the installation made some permanent change to the Windows XP system files -LRB- a sure sign of sloppy programing -RRB- . So , now I 'm reinstalling Windows . Thanks V-Com . Really swell customer support , too . If you 're an AOL user , you 'll regret buying this . Oh , and do n't expect to see any mention of this in the V-Com Tech Support `` Knowledge Base '' - that might affect sales . Oh , and one last straw
 VCom purchased the company that produced the original software . I was a happy user of SystemSuite 4 . Within weeks of buying that company , VCom abandoned the old user base except for pitching their other software . This suite used to be updated almost weekly , sometimes more often if there were a lot of new viruses around.POOR UPDATING IS FATAL FOR ANTI-VIRUS SOFTWARE . There is little value to obsolete virus protection . The utilities are n't very special . I bought it for the integration.In the last year , I have never received one reply to my emails except a form letter asking for more purchases . ZERO UPDATES!IMHO , this company will take the money , chew up the user base until it 's squeezed dry , then sell it to the next company . Check online reviews - System 5 is just version 4 with a few tiny little cosmetic changes . They 're just starting up a new cash generator , that 's all . I would not expect any more support from them for 5 than they gave to 4 .
 I just purchased SystemSuite 5 after using SS4 for the last couple years . Besides the new color , I have seen nothing that was improved . All the Utility tests are the same as SS4 . The firewall is beyond slow on loading up and appears less in quality than ZoneAlarms free firewall . The anti-virus appears the same as SS4 and still misses virus 's . Had a few basic problems , but Tech support assisted via email . Web page support appears useless with a max . of 20 answers for SS5 . I was going to see how Norton SystemWorks 2004 rates to see if this 1 goes .
 Maybe I expect too much . Having used Fix It utilities 3 , system suite 2000 and system suite 4 I was ready for system suite 5 to rock . Alas , this is not the case.This suite has always been a little flaky and many of the problems continue from one version to the other . For instance the FIREWALL refuses to work under Windows XP , and will not allow me to connect to the internet via my cable modem . -LRB- I even did a virgin WinXP install on a brand new hard drive , the firewall in SS5 is BROKEN , blocking all internet access ! -RRB- The uninstall and transport utilities exit without warning about halfway through a drive scan . There are too many other little glitches to mention them all , but frankly I feel a bit scammed with this upgrade . It did not fix some long standing bugs , it introduced some new bugs . V-COM is the third `` owner '' of this software and I honestly believe V-COM did nothing but make a new release to squeeze a few dollars out of the current user base while denying support to current owners . I was one of those that got suckered and I am not pleased.For example , SS5 comes with a program called Power Desk . I had purchased Power Desk * Pro * some time ago , I allowed SS5 to do a full installation and it OVERWROTE my $ 39 Power Desk Pro program with Power Desk , a much more limited program . I purchased Power Desk Pro via download some time ago and no longer have the original file , but I * do * have my serial number . Too bad for me that SS5 destroyed my Power Desk Pro , because my serial number is not good enough for V-Com to allow me to download it again . In other words , screw the old users , milk the new ones . The program has not changed in over two years . Does V-COM expect me to buy it again?What a shame.Not a single bug fix has been released since SS5 reared its ugly head . Not a good sign in my opinion .
 I bought this 3 days ago and right after i installed it , i found out i wasted $ 50.00 and so now i think im going to go back to Mcafee . Do n't waste your money on this !
 This product is not worth the money . They offer a too many what appear to be beta version of utilities . They are slow , system hogs and even outdate . I will not buy from this company again .
 After reviewung some of the posts on this product and after seeing PC World 's review of it in this month 's edition , I decided to get this for my home computer . After the automatic install of all the other freebies and the regular install of the actual program , I could n't open the appliction . Every time I clicked on the icon for the System Suite program , the little flashlight would pop up and search for the exe.file . Well , after about the 3rd install , and absolutely no help from the website , I 'm taking the garbage back .
 I got this based on reviews in PC Magazine and PC World . VCOM must have paid quite a bit to these magazines to get such good reviews!So what is the problem?Well , to start the firewall fails to load upon startup . After manually starting the firewall -LRB- which I had to do everytime I started Windows -RRB- the firewall constantly asks if IE can connect to the web . It keeps asking even after you check the box and select Yes to stop the popup . Another popup is shown EVERYTIME you go to a new URL!The anti-spam and anonymous web surfing are not full versions and you are hounded to upgrade them for even more $ ! And last but not least , After installation Windows XP lags while shut down . The lag is around 15 to 30 extra seconds . It may not seem like a long time but it gets old quick.Don ' t bother getting this suite . Your computer will run better without it and there are better products on the market .
 beyond tv program took several installs and uninstalls to finally get to work.have dual boot system software is very squirrely on vista 64 . no support for hd channels.took over computer on xp 64 even changed web pages ie if i type in bestbuy somehow it goes to snapstream?thought ATI 650 tuner was problem purchased happauge 1600 tuner made 10 time worsefinally gave up in vista 64runs most of the time in xp 64just have to becarefuli have amd x2 5000 with sli evga 8800 gts ' 4 gig ram 2 maxtor 250 gig hardrives on asus a8n32 board so i dont think hard ware is problemincluded remote took over pc and did whatever it felt like doing.support is limited to all the other poor souls forund out on the forums basically non - exsistent.beyond media software never worked right !!!!
 Beyond TV 4 really stinks . I have Media Center 2005 , and purchased and installed Beyond TV 4 to replace it . The primary goal was the stated ability to reencode TV programs to DivX , saving a great deal of disk space.The problem is , the conversion does n't work . It does one of two things
 Simply , Do not buy this software . This is the worst software that I have ever used.Since recently I purchased iPAQ handheld PC , I wanted to remove my paper Franklin Planner . Than 's why I purchased this `` terrible '' software.I spent several days installing and uninstalling this software and MS Outlook with no success . The only thing that I can use was not very useful Daily priortized list and master task list and others . Even I still have problems in pring the planner documents.I do n't know why are they selling this product.Their technical support was not good and even useless.Never buy this product .
 I was throughly disappointed when I got my new Pocket PC to find that this horrid software was , albeit free , included at all with my purchase . The Franklin software does not even come close the the Palm version , steer clear of this software , remember this is MICROSOFT OUTLOOK for franklin planner , not the other way around .
 I ca n't believe I spent ... -LSB- money -RSB- on this worthless piece of trash . The idea behind it is good , but the interface is 10 X more awkward to use than Microsoft Outlook by itself . The tech support is a joke , and they even have the audacity to charge you ... every time you have to call tech support . Can you believe it ? THEIR product is screwed up , and you get charged to have someone help you with it.As the person below said , never , ever buy this product .
 This software is awful . I used to use the desktop -LRB- stand alone -RRB- version and it worked just fine so I thought I 'd give the Outlook version a try . Big mistake!The interface is poor . On the `` home '' page you ca n't manipulate sections -LRB- resize , minimize , etc -RRB- and unless you have a lot of screen you wo n't be able to see all the data in each section without using the scroll controls.Additionally , it loads VERY slow and , on two of my PCs , it eventually halts Outlook . No error . Just a complete halt.As others mentioned , the support is awful . I tried their support chat and they asked me questions that I had answered in my initial message . And of course the support is scripted so I had to go back 3 times and the `` halting '' issue is still not resolved.If you are thinking of buying this software DO N'T ! You will regret it . I wish I could give it zero stars it is that bad . And that is compunded by the horrible support.Franklin should get out of the software business.And it 's too bad , because the idea of it is great .
 I downloaded a 30-day `` trial '' version from the FranklinCovey site . The download took 2 hours - I have n't spent that long downloading a single file since I upgraded from dial-up ! It took multiple attempts to get the program installed , I received no useful assistance from the company , and still could not get it to work properly . I 'm very glad I opted for the trial first , despite the frustration of waiting . Wait for the company to make this more practical and more useful , before purchasing !
 As for the product itself , I like it . I am -LRB- or was -RRB- using PlanPlus for Windows . Suddenly it would n't load , after two months of use.It happened that I contacted chat support on Friday before a 3-day weekend ; their tech support is offline after 4 pm . After the holiday it took them two days to get back to me by e-mail . Very strict rules on no free tech support over the phone . You have to pay even if it is their fault . This is a bad sign.I went through two pretty complex reinstalls via e-mailed instructions and am now being asked for the license key that came with the product . What this tells me is that even though the software has a pretty nice UI and functionality for me , the company is really in the marketing , consulting and paper planner and accessories business . They do n't know how to support a software product.I do n't mind following the tech instructions myself to understand what it 's like to delete supporting files from the registry , but I do mind that the reinstall link does not recognize me as an existing customer and treat me accordingly with some automated processes . The whole disconnect of software quality and software support makes too many steps and fixes and human glue necessary from my end.Ironically the point of planner software is to simplify and coordinate your life.Franklin has never bothered , it appears , to put in the kind of IT infrastructure that a `` real '' software supplier has
 I completely agree with what everyone else has said . This was a total waste of money . The other reviewer was right when he said the extra software included -LRB- for us it was Star Flyers -RRB- was the ONLY good thing!How can they market programs that were designed for 3-5 year olds for Grades 1-3 ? Its ludicrous!DO NOT waste your money ! The whole thing is unprofessional . There are no guides and even the paper inside the CD looks like it was BADLY photocopied.Again , if I could give it ZERO stars I would !
 I just purchased this today , and it is extremely disappointing . I was looking for a software package that would help my 2nd grader learn his math facts , and this certainly is n't it , as far as I can tell . There is zero documentation included , so there is no way to steer your child towards games that would help his or her weak areas . I could n't find a game that drilled them on anything , just a lot of pointless point and click activities .
 What can I say . Bugs , bugs , bugs . 3D is SLOW . Control over roof dimensions is nonexistant . Very limited texture library . This program tries to `` guess '' what you are doing and this often leads to bugs such as unwanted walls , roofs that wo n't generate , computer freeze-ups and hours upon hours of wasted time . Debugging takes WAY more time than just starting over from scratch . My advice , do n't buy it .
 The product works fine , but if you inadvertently drag the toolbar icons from their home at the top of the screen -LRB- as you can do with most Windows applications without any problem -RRB- , the toolbar disappears and can not be replaced again -LRB- according to The Learning Company Support Dept -RRB- without reinstalling the software . It would seem simple for The Learning Company to provide a patch , but none is available .
 The immediately irritating thing about this program for many international users is that it does not accept metric measurements . Every single thing has to be manually converted to feet and inches , which in my personal case was loads of work while I tried to convert our architect 's drawings into a 3-D model . The other really poor thing is the 3-D engine . Once you design the house and view it in 3-D there is no smooth way of moving around the house - your change view frame by frame and it is painfully slow . I ca n't think why they did not just buy a 3-D engine from a gaming product . I had far higher expectations of the 3-D capability . The materials that are available reflect US styles . I struggled to find the sort of materials/colours we use in Denmark - so the roof and the colour of the house did n't really reflect how I expect the house to look - again disappointing . It is easy to develop a basic house , and I managed to develop something that vaguely appropriximated our plans within 3 hours , but the minute you want to do something slightly ` different ' - for example create a room that has one part of the floor lower than the other , add a glass wall -LRB- from floor to roof -RRB- , or if you want to use the space between the ceiling and the roof as a living space - well it is not very intuitive and the help -LRB- there is no user guide or tutorial other than a very basic wizard -RRB- is very limited . All in all very disappointing . I have not used any similar products , but I have worked in software development for 15 years , and this could have easily been loads better ...
 This is n't available in macintosh . Like so many others it is only available for the PC . They are missing out on alot of money by limiting their users .
 A retrograde step . Does n't print elevations to scale -LRB- metric -RRB- although version 3.0 did . Problems with snap - to at wall intersections.Applied textures should be able to be easily toggled off - but ca n't . Still ca n't print bigger than legal or A4 and adding items is not as user friendly as it used to be.Does print walls in plan with solid colour which is nice and the design options is Ok but as other reviewers state - too many bugsThe help desk gave numerous suggestions for fixing the print to scale problem but its a program glitch.Hope something better comes soon - maybe version 3.2 ?
 This version of the software has so many bugs it is difficult to list them and technical support just says `` oh well ... '' This version does not allow you to dxf out properly if you are going to finish the drawings with another CAD package like AutoCAD . You can not do standard interior dimensioning in such areas as the position of door openings allong a wall . You can not print on anything larger than legal size paper , renderings produce occasional errors and drop-outs ... This version really does not add any useable features and has introduced many bugs . Purchase version 3.0 which is at least somewhat reliable .
 I just installed 3D Home Architect Deluxe and I want to warn anyone else from buying this product . It is a worthless upgrade and I have actually chosen to downgrade back to 3DHA version 3 . First of all , the new functionality provided in this product is nothing to write home about . There are more plans , and a copule of new visualization modes , but other than that , it 's the same product . The big problem is that the 3D mode is INCREDIBLY SSLOOOW . The programmers of this product obviously failed linear alegebra miserably as it can takes 15 seconds to paint the 3D screens on a Pentium III-500Mhz machine , regardless of the options . It 's much worse than version 3 . So bad in fact that it makes the 3D view totally useless for editing -LRB- one of the features I found very useful in the previous product -RRB- . The final reason to avoid this product is stability . In the 20 minutes that I used the product it crashed on me at least 5 times.I purchased this product based on the recomendations on amazon . However , after using it myself , I 'm convinced that the recomendations were probably posted by marketing staff and not actual users.If you 're buying this product for the first time buy version 3 . If you 're upgrading , save your money and do n't . Tim
 After using version 3.0 Deluxe from 1998 I was excited when I saw there was finally a new version of this package , but I was disappointed when this version arrived . There seems to be few new features and several really annoying bugs . The 3D textures seem to have been increase but this takes far longer to display . Problems include
 This new version has lost some key editing capabilities that were present in version 3 . They are :1 -RRB- While in 3d mode , you can no longer edit objects in your design -LRB- windows , doors , etc -RRB- regarding size and location . 2 -RRB- While in 3d mode you can no longer preselect your view position -LRB- accomplished via the `` view angle window '' that would pop up in version 3 and provide a non-rendered preview of your viewing angle -RRB- as your starting point . This means you must now repetitively click and rotate your design in small increments until you get your position . And , you must start this over every time you leave 3d and re-enter it . 3 -RRB- While in 3d mode , every scene is rendered . This is unneccesary , and wastes time in conjunction with point 2 above . 4 -RRB- The material library is hard to work with , as to making default material choices stick , and to making changes within your own design . 5 -RRB- You still ca n't add skylights.My advice - Buy ver 3 if you can still find it . I am returning version 4 , and will continue to use ver 3 until a better choice can be found .
 This program is so full of bugs that space does n't permit a full explanation . The program continually locks up my computer in 3d view and I have to press the reset button to restart Windows 2000 . When I start it up again the dimensions are in metric not English ! There is no way to restore this but to uninstal/reinstall ... If you have version 3.0 , stick with it . I 've returned this bug-ridden program for a refund . It 's a waste of time and money . I 'd give it `` 0 Stars '' but the form wo n't let me ...
 This program has got to be the biggest rip-off of all such software . I was able to use it three times without major problems , although it is extremely cumbersome to use and extremely slow . Thereafter , the program would blithely erase floorplans , get stuck in the `` aerial view '' window , would not let me add anything such as fixtures or furniture , for example -- now , after one week of owning it , all I can do is gaze at a green screen -LRB- obviously part of the aerial view background . -RRB- And that is all . Absolutely nothing I do -LRB- close everything , turn off the computer & start again -RRB- works . It is dead as a doornail . Calling support is useless . Do n't buy this software . By the way , the only reason why I gave this one star is because you do n't have negative stars .
 Has some powerful features , but not a very quality product . Do n't expect the quality that is in most microsoft products we use every day . For instance : - a help index that had all the necessary key words - an index in the manual that is worthwhile - Nonspecific error codes that persistently appear leaving you to guess what is causing them - no keyboard shortcuts -LRB- esp for critical items like zoom , etc. -RRB- - all kinds of little bugs here & there - no implementation of mouse wheel , etc.For floor planning only I 'd recommend Visio 2003 - a realy quality product with all the dimensioning you really need.It 's a pity to see them put this much effort into a product , and then shoot themselves in the foot with sooo many little shortcomings .
 I ca n't understand how any company could ship a product with so many bugs ! But , that seems to be the status quo for this product and every other home design software that I have tried . I question several of the 5 star ratings that other `` reviewers '' have given this product . They must be ringers for Broderbund because this product is so bad that its a joke . Nobody who has used it for more than 30 minutes would rate it above a single star and only then because that 's as low as the ratings go !
 While the program performs some functions adequately , I can not recommend it if there are better products available . The biggest problem that I have with this version , is the User Interface . Everything seems to be geared toward working with just one thing at a time , a wall , a chair , or a single mouse click . No facility is provided for repeating anything via keyboard or mouse strokes . Unless you like exercising patience more than actually getting anything done , find a better program .
 This software is not suitable for designing houses . Wall thickness limited to 12 '' ; roof pitches are not capable of being set to 40 degrees -LRB- the standard for plain tiling and slates -RRB- or more ; material listing seems to be oriented towards American timber frame houses ; 3d editing does not appear to work .
 This is a great program for the money . But stick with version v3 , v4 is really a DOWNGRADE from v3 . It 's is very , very buggy compared to v3 and slow in rendering.The tutorial is very good and is the best way to learn the product .
 I have Punch ! Professional Home Suite but thought that the 3D Home Architect 4.0 , touted by many people as a good home design software , would allow me flexibility in doing renovations . Boy , was I wrong ! It 's capabilites are limited by a poor selection of objects and the minimium of design features . It 's highly touted improved rendering feature pales by comparison to the Punch ! product and you can not view the rendered design in the same window as the design itself . Too much keyboard work ! 3D 's only saving-grace is its ability to allow straight-on viewing of walls which allows you to move or manipulate textures or objects from that perspective . Great for placing chair rails , borders , etc. . Punch ! does not have this feature but does have a very handy furniture workshop program that allows you to create or edit objects . While the Punch ! product is perhaps 3 times the price , you get 3 times the power and creativity . If you want something to play with , 3D Home is fine . If you want to do serious designs , look elsewhere .
 I bought this product Barbie Photo Designer for my niece and needed to obtain support for the software and find drivers for the camera , the CD warped in the sun ... Kids ! Anyway after two days of searching and wild goose chases , I found that Mattel Interactive has gone under and Mattel Customer Service will not respond to my email requests for support .
 I may have another evaluation if I could see at least on picture . I installed everything as directed in the manual . Unfortunately the pictures would not upload to the PC . Then I went to the user manual and it told me to redirect my COM port settings for this -LRB- ... -RRB- camera . I tried for hours for the sake of my daughter . Then I called technical support and was unable to reach them . Yikes.I 'm returning the camera .
 This camera was a big waste of money . Like the test families and one other reviewer , we were never able to view pictures on our 6 month old Dell computer . The camera now sits in a toybox and is used infrequently as a `` pretend '' camera . I suggest buying your child a refurbished or used digital camera instead of wasting your money on the barbie version .
 The appearance of this camera will appeal to girls -LRB- it did to my daughter -RRB- but the resolution is so poor you ca n't get a good picture . For girls the image editor will let them put what looks like them into a picture with Barbie , and they will find that fun ...
 I am a professor who has been using computers for about 25 years . I bought Disk Purge because it was the least expensive . They do n't mention that using it on older models , one has to create a floppy boot disk . During this process bad things can happen . In the case of my laptop , the computer shut down and subsequently will only power up for about 5 seconds . Tabernus tech support did the predicable ; it was my computer , it was the battery , but it could not possibly be there wonderful software . Buyer beware !
 This is a total piece of crap . I kept getting a ` reboot error ' message , when I emailed the Tabernus people I got a canned response that was totally irrelevant . Good luck trying to call if you run into any problems ... ended up charging the whole thing back and throwing this piece of s. . t away .
 If you want to reformat the hard disk and reinstall an operating system after using Disk Purge , DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT ! The hard disk will not recognize fdisk or format c
 You ca n't wipe just the free space on a partition or drive with this . It will only wipe the entire partition or disk .
 There is nothing redeeming about this new version of Word . Ok , sure , they have a few nice changes here and there , but overall , this is nothing but a cheap update that is not-so-cheap on the checkbook . I do n't know how Microsoft can get away with charging that much for basically doing nothing but `` patching '' a previous version.If you absolutely HAVE to have this product , I 'd try to somehow obtain it through your employer 's checkbook as a work-related write off . If you 're unable to do that , just stick with Word 2000 or 1997 . Most people do n't notice the differences anyway , and most people just use it to write basic letters , memos , etc. . If that 's all you 're doing , you do n't need this . And unless you want to blow the price listed above , you do n't need it either . You 'll have much more fun and get much more satisfaction in taking those 3 Ben Franklin 's and setting fire to them .
 They still ca n't get it right . You would think that a company as rich as Microsoft could figure out how to implement a word processor . But alas , it seems that after 10 years or so they still ca n't come up with industrial strength code . MS Word is fine if you want to type a three page memo or a letter to grandma but if you really want to write a lot of documentation it is a lot of trouble . Word tends to do what it wants with out explaining why or letting you get a word in edgewise . There have been many times when I have spent as much time getting the section numbering and formatting correct as I have in writing the document . For the most part the features are poorly implemented and confusing ... I do n't have nearly enough space to list all of its problems but lets just say the only reason I 'm using it is because it is the standard word processor for my company . I write large -LRB- 200 + page -RRB- documents on a regular basis and have done so for many years . MS Word has always been painful to use and it never seems to get better.And to top it off , my copy has crashed three times so far today -LRB- it is 9:30 am -RRB- , all times when I was n't even touching the keyboard or mouse . At least these days it does n't take down the operating system with it . I guess that counts as a major improvement for Microsoft software .
 Microsoft Word is a good word processor , but if you use to work with macros , I strongly advise against upgrade to Word 2002 . This version of the most famous word processor seems to be a step back instead forward . At least my experience with it says so.In older versions of Word you are able to record macros by performing a sequence of actions . In Word 2002 you can do the same , but with one important difference
 Word is adequate , bloated , has a decent interface , and is ludicrously expensive . All in all , thumbs down . Word 2002 is just another edition of the same thing . I 've used Word on and off since 1991 , avoiding it whenever possible , and am so happy I do n't have to use it anymore.Go to ... and download your office suite for free , or order StarOffice 6.0 here on Amazon . They both contain Writer , the Word equivalent that handles , and lets you create , Word files . -LRB- And programs that let you open and create Excel files and PowerPoint files . -RRB- Do n't spend another penny on Word til you 've tried OpenOffice.org or StarOffice .
 This entire new generation of Microsoft Office products is still in the sub-beta stage . Instead of MS screwups just causing a crash , lockup or freeze , they want you to go into a problem reporting mode . What nerve , charge for this -LSB- garbage -RSB- then force us to work for them STAY WITH Office 2000 for another year or two , until the bugs are worked out of all XP garbage . I have unloaded them all and gone back to Office 2000 .
 I 've been using Microsoft Word since 1985 . I do n't even remember the version -LRB- s -RRB- of DOS Word I used . For the most part , I found it worked in many areas better than anything else . It was n't better than WordPerfect 5.1 for DOS , but then again , neither was most any software ever written . But Word XP/2002 is trash and I refuse to use it anymore . As I have been a Microsoft defender for years , that should tell you something.First , the outline numbering feature does n't work . It has n't worked since Word 97 . If you want something in the form of I.A. 1 . a , etc. , you better be prepared to do it by hand because while the outline styles will format correctly , the numbering will be off . You will have an a -RRB- 1 and a -RRB- 2 , followed by a b -RRB- 3 and b -RRB- 4 , as the number wo n't reset . I have been on the phone with Microsoft tech support at least 5 times over this one issue and none of the techs know 1/10th the Word I know . That in itself is frustrating , but the most frustrating part is 30 minutes into the conversation , they will say something like `` well , you have to click on feature ____ under the _____ window . '' Of course , I had already done that and it did n't work , hence the call in the first place . And , yes , I 've reinstalled , and the system is state of the art -LRB- and then some -RRB- . Now , Word likes to lock up on occassion . Not a real lockup like Windows locking up , but you ca n't use the keyboard or type in Word . For some reason , when I do a cut and paste or a c & p special , the document will lock up . If I wait , I can then type a letter or a few letters , then it will lock up again . I refuse to call MS tech support , and have posted this on a web site , but apparantly ca n't explain it well enough . The best way to describe it is the mouse pointer disappears , and no keyboard function works . I can move to a different application , and sometimes when returning to Word , it will start to work , but only for a few characters . I charge by the hour , but I ca n't bill clients for buggy software and time spent adapting to it . Until I find my copy of WordPerfect I had , I downloaded Open Office to do documents in.When it does work , the windows that appears sometimes on cut and paste functions is terribly annoying . And I do n't care to speak to the rest of the features in this program -LRB- read my review of Word 2000 if you want to see that -RRB- since I ca n't get even the basic features to work right . I say stay the heck away from this or other MS products until they write stuff worth a darn.I do n't know what 's worse
 I was trained on Microsoft products 15 years ago . I was very sensitive to the anger and ridicule friends and Mac users had for Microsoft . It 's pretty hard for a company to go astray when they have brand allegiance from someone as naive as I used to be ... unless you 're Microsoft.I still very much dislike Macs , but after years of working with superior , more thoughtful non-Microsoft software -LRB- Adobe , Maya , Vectorworks -RRB- Microsofts problems are abundantly clear.For the first time in months I found myself needing to produce an all-text document last week , and I was really stunned . Now that I have more experience , my snooty Mac friends were right . Word really is a terrible product ! As long as the only thing you need to do is place letters on a page one after another and want little control over any other aspect of producing a document , you 'll be fine . Anything else is counterintuitive & headache inducing . It is inconceivable that Microsoft could have spent even a day on ` Clippy ' the helpful -LRB- UNhelpful -RRB- talking paperclip annoyance , and still not have touched their assinine numbering and bullets tool . Or enhanced this piece of garbage so that you can actually position an image in a fixed place , with precise registration in a tight layout . But really the booby prize for the stupidest feature EVER designed into a piece of software is embedding the formatting of a paragraph into a hidden character at the end of some text . So WHATEVER YOU DO do not back over this invisible character , because a whole paragraph will instantaneously transform to a different format , perhaps even one you never put into the document in the first place.Isn ' t that ingenious -LRB- stupid -RRB- and helpful -LRB- infuriating -RRB- ? I 'm actually looking for a different word processor now and ca n't wait to delete this clunker from my system . The only company that cares less for how you use their product is -LRB- was -RRB- Polaroid , which deservedly filed for bankruptcy last year after sitting on their monopoly and producing truly awful products for 20 years .
 I am not repurchasing this product . I merely want to recant my previous review . . The product was not what I expected , - the product picture does not accurately reflect the actual product content . however The Company Cleerdeal - did everything they could do to rectify the situation and I am satisfied.Thank you .
 Who in their right mind would pay this much for a simple word processing program ? Certainly not I.
 Company did not send correct item . I was given my money back so I do n't know how well the program works .
 `` Word '' is a very accurate title for this product , because typing words is about the only thing it can do . When I try to do something really tricky ... like , say , use the paste function or register the purchase online ... the program freezes up completely every time . I 'm using Wordpad instead ; it 's a superior product . Other versions of Word I 've used have worked in some cases but to hell with this particular piece of trash .
 i think this product was very poor , it is well over priced , and sould come as standad on new computers
 Having ordered MS Word 2002 I received MS Works Suite 2004 which includes MS Word but a version intended to be distributed with a new PC only and as such would not load on my old system . No refund available because I broke seal before finding out it was a for-new-system only package .
 Microsoft continues to issue pricey upgrades with minimal enhancements . Most folks want a reliable word processor that is easy intuitively easy to use - that 's definitely not this product . Just try to set up different page numbers !
 Every time MS comes out with a new version of Word I keep hoping they will completely revise the product and do better than WordPerfect . No such luck in the last 15 years , and not this time around . Sure glad my employer is the one paying for my copy . At home I 'll stick with WordPerfect , which beats Word hands down . I mean it is n't even a contest . I 'm sure MS can do better than this -- the question is
 If you are familiar with Word , this is just more of the same bugginess and I do n't know why you 're still looking at using this program . If you have never used Word before , see if you can try it somewhere before buying it . It 's fine for letter writing , but can not be used to create documents that require numbers , bullets , or frequent changes in fonts and formatting . Macros you record to use custom keyboard shortcuts to invoke format changes do n't work reliably either , so you are constantly struggling with the broken formatting features to make simple format changes . These formatting features simply do not work . The software pre-thinks everything you are trying to do and decides for you what your document will look like ; where the bullets will go , what they will look like , how they will be indented , and sometimes it decides you ca n't use them at all . It does the same with numbering . You will want to tear your hair out . I am simply stunned that Microsoft has the nerve to charge money for this software . It is awful .
 This product would not work in my computer . I was n't able to get a refund because I opened the product . How do you people expect anyone to see if it would work if you ca n't open it ?
 This product is a rip off . I ordered this product and it arrived in a pretty timely fashion , however when I attempted to install the product , it did not work . The CD did not even pop up ; it 's as if I recieved a blank CD.The company says that it 's something with my computer , but I have a Windows updated computer , that has recently has had microsoft on it before my computer crashed . I am now using this scam blank CD to burn music on it . Thanks a lot ! : -RRB-
 My last contract was with a subsidiary of Microsoft so they gave me MS Office XP , including PowerPoint . I did n't have to shell out the bucks for it . And it 's a nice product . There 's a little too much autoformatting but it 's reasonably easy to say no , stop that , keep it normal . And Clippy does n't come up.But before that contract , and since then because I 'm used to them , I 've used StarOffice and OpenOffice.org . I 've used them both and am really impressed , there 's actually an alternative to Microsoft Office that 's FREE . Well , OpenOffice is free and StarOffice which has a few other files so they charge you a bit for them . But they both open PowerPoint and Word and Excel files , and save back to those formats too , and 9 times out of 10 they do it perfectly.I 've done lots of presentations , including animation and linking to URLs , etc. , in OpenOffice and it 's really good . FREE really good software . So I do n't see why anyone needs to get this product.A few key things in OpenOffice.org -- different layouts , so you can look at it as a regular slide , handouts , outline , and in background and layer views too . I 've done some great backgrounds since the drawing tools let you put really small gifs or vector graphics in the background once and it does n't inflate your file size . Plus the file sizes with OpenOffice.org are spectacularly small . I opened up my PowerPoint presentation for a contract , opened it in OpenOffice.org , and the file size was suddenly half as big and it looked just the same as it did in PowerPoint.So basically , here 's the deal . I 'm really happy doing all my work now in OpenOffice.org instead of PowerPoint , and while I 'm not a power power power user I definitely put it through its paces.Download OpenOffice.org before you get PowerPoint , or get StarOffice if you feel like you should pay for your software . PowerPoint ai n't your only option .
 It 's a lovely product ; aside from a little too much automatic formatting , it does what I want it to . However , A -RRB- my employer bought it for me and B -RRB- I do n't do much with it . And everything want to do with it , OpenOffice -LRB- www.openoffice.org -RRB- does for me . So I do n't see the point . Openoffice opens PowerPoint files , does lots of slide type features , and unless you need to do really spectacular effects , you should be fine with the FREE OpenOffice suite.You can try StarOffice too ; it costs a little more than free but way less than PowerPoint.OpenOffice has some pretty cool three D drawing effects included , plus all the standard slide effects and object effects for sucking in bullet points from the side , etc. . You can print handouts , notes , all that stuff.Try OpenOffice.org before you spend your car payment on PowerPoint !
 I 've been using Ppt for a while but not anymore . Before I upgraded , that is when I was considering upgrading , I downloaded OpenOffice.org , the free version of StarOffice , and I was blown away . It opened all my PowerPoint files , and it has most of the same features . I use Impress all the time now , whether my clients need Impress or PowerPoint file formats . Does 'em both.Try Impress first , from the OpenOffice.org or StarOffice office suite .
 While I 've found this product to be quite useful , it is unnecessarily expensive . I used to only use the powerpoint program on the school computers , but I found an alternative . OpenOffice.org has an entirely free version of office . Impress is the name of the equivalent program to powerpoint , and it works for everything I have needed to do with it . Do n't pay the monopoly for powerpoint , it 's not worth that much money .
 I am extremely disappointed in this product . My chid is nine and found this so boring she did n't even want to play it ; it did n't even pique my interest . We purchase a lot of educational software , and it ususally glues my child to the computer . Not this one ! Also , the pronunciation is not clear . If you do n't already know some Spanish , I do n't think you would be able to understand it . The program then uses the `` th '' pronunciation as used in Spain , and not in the rest of the Latin countries of the world . Save your $ 20.00 for something better .
 I purchased this for my 9 year old son who was very excited about learning Spanish . After an hour of frustration with the CD , he ended up in tears . The cartoon girl in the CD starts speaking right away in full Spanish sentences . I have some knowledge of Spanish , and I did n't even know what she was saying ! There is a game that has the kids trying to match letters with the sounds they make , but no instruction has been given on the phonics rules in Spanish . And do n't even get me started on the ABC song . Do n't waste your money . I 'm returning this ASAP .
 actually buddy , i hate it and i 'm real . the graphics are dissapointing , and the touchiness drove me up the wall . this game is n't worth a penny . get a life and get a REAL football game .
 Every time Microsoft dinks with Word and creates a new version , their geniuses take out or modify features users have come to depend on . Thus Word becomes less user friendly and more cantankerous.After trying Word 2002 , our office is switching to FrameMaker 7.0 . The learning curve was much gentler than we expected , and the power to create simple documents and complicated tech manuals that number correctly is beyond price . The new version of Word finally forced us to change and we 'll never look back .
 Microsoft Word is a very good word processor , but if you use to work with macros , I strongly advise against upgrade to Word 2002 . This version of the most famous word processor seems to be a step back instead forward . At least my experience with it says so.In older versions of Word you are able to record macros by performing a sequence of actions . In Word 2002 you can do the same , but with one important difference
 I 've used Word on and off since 1991 , and have in the last several years -LRB- when the job market permitted -RRB- used required use of Word as a screen for writing jobs I would n't apply for . It was great in 1995 and has bloated horribly since then . OK , not a terrible product , but not fabulous , and this upgrade 's just another way to get a few more bucks out of us for no particular reason , without enough improvements.What 's your alternative ? Not getting it . You do n't actually need Word to make or read Word files . Download OpenOffice.org for free or StarOffice on this site , and use its word processor to read and create Word format files , if you need to.If you still want this Word upgrade , well , then you must love it more than I do . : -RRB-
 I would n't rush right out and buy this upgrade . I 'm running it on a brand new very snappy Dell workstation with XP and buckets of RAM and it crashes on a regular basis , as in several times a day . And upon crashing it goes through a confusing routine in which it apparently tries to save changes to the default normal.dot template , which is going to drive people who do n't even know what the normal.dot template is crazy . Yes , there are some nice enhancements here , but the overall experience reminds me of running Word97 on Windows 95 -- `` Save your work ! ''
 I ordered this product for fear of not being able to open documents sent from customers and companies that I sell for . This application has become a cumbersome beast . Double clicking on a . doc file requires a 20 + second Word start up -LRB- at 400MHz -RRB- . Who needs watermarks and voice commands ?
 Of course , Excel is a lovely product , though whether you need the upgrade is highly questionable . I found this pretty much just MS trying to create a need they can charge for . Especially since you can open and create Excel spreadsheets for free without actually buying Excel ... or order StarOffice 6.0 here on Amazon.Excel 2002 is fine , but like a $ 6000 umbrella stand for your dog , not a lot of people actually need it .
 I belive that excel on a whole is a well made item and deserves a lot of credit , but i also believe that when i bought Microsoft Excel 98 i could have just updated it over the internet every time there was an addition was available ! There is no need now-a-days to keep putting the same software on disks and selling it off at extortionate prices , plus it probably has some kind of monitoring software in it as well , most Microsft items do . These are the reasons that i have given it a 2 star ... it has extremely good potential but it is to expensive and to overrated for its price .
 This is basically an upgrade to Excel . There is no way the upgrade is worth the price .
 Excxel is my all time favorite program ; it can do wonders . But there is a major problem with the new version . While running a VBA macro program that I have used daily for over five years , it is SLOWER on a 2 GHz machine with XP that with a 300 MHz machine and WIN98 . The reason is excess security that can not be turned off like in Excel97 . At first it was ok , a little faster than the old machine and then I suppose a critcal upgeade with XP has now slowed the program to a crawl . Microsoft has both a security problem and a hangup about security . But running a virus scan on my old and proven macros everytime they run is not the answer . If you are not using any macros then the new Excel may be OK . A better choice would be to find an old version of the program .
 Well I upgrade my Access 2000 to Access 2002 . After entering in your product key it tells you it will only work for 50 days unless being activated by Microsoft . Ok , no big deal I did this via the internet . I had to reimage my PC recently due to it locking up and then it tells me it has already been registered on another PC and I need to call a number . Now this is irritating because I also like to use Access on a test machine of mine which tends to get reimaged a lot . Another problem is that I have to completely install Access 2000 before I install Access 2002 . I know it 's an upgrade , but if I ever need to reinstall why ca n't I simply use my old product key to enter to verify I had purchased the older version and not have to reinstall Access 2000 ? Now first of all there are not a lot of new features in Access 2002 and I 've noticed the file sizes grow larger faster and I need to constantly recompact my database.Oh the product has a new look and it 's a little prettier but it has no new `` got to have it '' features . Luckily one new feature is to save to the older versions of MS Access.I like to purchase my software but I feel like I 'm being treated like a criminal by Microsoft and given a hassle.I 've gone back to Access 2000 and next time I need a new database , it wo n't be Microsoft.Access 2002 is a big pain if you 're upgrading and need to use on multiple machines . -LRB- Even if you only use one copy at a time like I do . -RRB-
 Microsoft is too bossy about their upgrade policies . I own Access 95 , but the package says that I am not eligible for this upgrade . You have to have Access 97 or later in order to use this product .
 Although you state this is Outlook 2002 , I received Outlook 2000 -LSB- the box clearly states it is Outlook 2000 -- with an exclamation point after 2000 -- i.e. 2000 ! -RRB- . I have an XP and requested the latest version of Outlook -LRB- 2002 -RRB- not 2000 . Also , I filled out the form for a rebate and never received it . I have been charged your -LRB- then -RRB- full price for the item . How can I rate version 2002 when I received 2000 -LRB- which I already had -RRB- ?
 Besides Hotmail support , there really is no difference between Outlook 2000 and Outlook 2002 except for speed . If you already have Outlook 2000 , DO NOT UPGRADE ! Why ? Because it is slower than Outlook 2000 -LRB- at least on my machine -RRB- . In Outlook 2000 , I used to be able to click on a message and it would instantly pop up . In Outlook 2003 , it takes a good 2-3 seconds . As the saying goes , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
 Wow , this is an upgrade , NOT !! You 've got to be kidding me . New features are mostly worthless and it runs much slower than 2000 on my Pentium 1.4 ghz with 512 MB RAM.Not only will you be disappointed , but you will have wasted your money . I enjoy MS Office , but their upgrades are no longer worth paying for . To boot , we now have to activate our product through Microsoft ... what a joke!If your new to computing , be smart and look for Office Suite alternatives .
 I recently purchase Outlook and have been very disappointed in its ability to organize the addresses in the address book . You can organize distribution lists , but you can not put them in separate folders so they are all lumped together . Plus , I have had a hard time trying to get the program to import addresses . I have used other email programs that were much easier to use . It may have some extras related to time management , but watch out when you go to build an address book . I would NOT recommend this program .
 Being in a non-English speaking country and refusing to install the native Windows OS , I have always been frustrated receiving and catologing contacts in foreign characters and alphabets in Outlook 2000 . It seems that Netscape 6 mail program does fine handling foreign fonts in contact name and email subject headings . Believing the promise of Outlook 2002 catering to multi-national firms , I went ahead and upgraded to the whole Office XP package . Handling foreign character is actually worse in Outlook 2002 . Sure you can read and write foreign characters fine , but the annoying gibberish characters in the from
 Probably the worst program known to mankind . Will destroy your computer . Consistently crashes and renders other programs inoperable . Do n't know why Gates is n't in jail for this one .
 Out of 5 kids who 've tried my copy of this game , none were entertained enough to keep at it . It does try to be entertaining but there 's nothing that really challenges them effectively or offers any kind of real educational content . This game is just fluff , and far from Humongous 's best work . Look for it used if you `` have to have it '' .
 I bought this game for my 4yr old . The game is way too hard to control even for an adult .
 The software looked enticing , and it was recently released by the publisher in this combo-package , as well as being marked as compatible with Windows XP . Therefore , I purchased this software thinking it was fairly new . Please be warned
 First let me say , if you are serious about purchasing PC Study Bible this is good version for the lay bible student . It has enough reference works , good solid reference works , to last a lifetime . If you are not going to delve into Greek and Hebrew , do n't waste your money on a more advanced product you 'll never need . The Complete Reference Library has just enough Greek and Hebrew resources without overloading you . I 've been using PC Study Bible from version 3.0 and have never been unimpressed with its capability . Even if this does n't have everything you want or need , BibleSoft has extra libraries available for purchase through thier website . If you are interested the BibleSoft website has good literature comparing the differences between libraries and other available products.While the review sounds great , and it was a great piece of software at one time , I can no longer recommend this for anyone . As a PC Study Bible users since version 3.0 I currently consider this software to be ABANDONWARE . While they continue to add books for sale to the library , I would not recommend this product until new development is forthcomming . Though I do not use it , the BibleSoft user community currently recommends Logos -LRB- most major operating systems / devices supported , followLogos Bible Software -RRB-
 Wanted to give taxcut a try . I got the CD and installed it . Software needs online update . Online update was not available because the server was too busy . It would not even start without the update . The update also requires proxy setting change . It is too much hassle to use it . Doing tax is frustrated enough , using this software made it even worse . Do not buy it .
 After five years of TurboTax with no complaints , I switched to TaxCut for 2002 because it was cheaper and I objected to TurboTax 's copy protection . I found TaxCut 2002 to be polished and mostly easy to use , so I was more than happy to pick it up again this year . What a mistake ! The difference is night and day . TaxCut 2003 has an unfinished look about it , and I ran in to bugs at nearly every step , both state and federal . I will certainly be going back to TurboTax next year , copy protection or no .
 The software is confusing and full of bugs . I ca n't even complete my taxes because it wo n't let me enter the amount of tax I had withheld from the previous year - so it says I owe money . The final print-out -LRB- form to send in -RRB- shows the line item to include taxes withheld . I spent about an hour completing my state -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- and 5 hours going thru each question and each form in Taxcut trying to get it to work correctly.It has other flaws - but my basic advice is that it 's a waste of money unless your taxes are perfectly straight forward . Then I suggest doing them by hand - which is what I have to do - and I bought the software .
 I 'm shocked to find an error in the program as late as April 4 that would have gotten me audited by the IRA . Line 49 , the estimated tax paid -LRB- in other words , an optional amount you have separately paid upfront not including W2 witholding -RRB- , is equal to line 47 , the tax withheld . Yup , it 's a formula , not a hard plug . The total refund is calculated by adding the 2 amounts together . This results in DOUBLE the refund you 're actually supposed to get . I feel sorry for the people that have already filed using TaxCut state - they will certainly be audited by the IRS - it 's an obvious error . I will never use this program again . Even if they fix this in the next few days , how can I trust a company that would miss such an obvious error with about a week left before the tax deadline .
 I am so glad that I did n't depend on the numbers Tax-Cut state gave me . I saved another $ 100 in taxes by just doing it by hand . I do n't know where the software botched up . The 2 stars are because it was easy to use , and I liked their ` help ' contents .
 I made the mistake of switching from TurboTax to Tax Cut this year , and I 'm so sorry I did . Even though TaxCut had an offer with MS Money -LRB- which I often use -RRB- , TurboTax works far more smoothly with Money . I also had to hunt around for where to include deductions - for example , I have a college saving fund that is deductible for my state taxes . I was never asked about this in the `` Interview '' and had to hunt around the many deduction screens to find and check `` Other deductions . '' This is a fairly common and fairly new deduction , and should have been specifically mentioned . From now on , it 's TurboTax for me .
 Could n't get Schedule H prepared correctly . TaxCut customer service was of no help .
 To say that I dislike TaxCut is something of an understatement . I have used TaxCut for the first and last time this year after using TurboTax for the last seven years . I do n't like Intuit 's policies and marketing , but I will be back in the TurboTax fold next year for sure.Feel free to read my full review of the overall TaxCut product under the ` TaxCut Premium Home and Business ' software item . TaxCut has a horrible , buggy interface , and assumes that you know a lot of background information prior to answering the interview questions . Beware . The verbiage TaxCut uses in some areas practically begs you to answer questions incorrectly , and if you have anything even remotely out of the ordinary in your return , you better be prepared to do a lot of research on your own.Having said that , the only relatively un-cumbersome part of TaxCut 2003 , was the state product , which I had no problem loading up , updating , or using . Granted , the state return is normally not that complex , but it gave me no real problems , except that it was clueless on how to figure prior year AMT credits . Other than that , the state program worked fine . Of course to get to the state return , you first must run the gauntlet that is the TaxCut federal product , which I would never recommend to my worst enemy .
 There are now three absolutes in this world ... 1 -RRB- Death2 -RRB- Taxes3 -RRB- That TaxCut is the worst peice of software imaginableHere 's the news on TaxCut ... 1 -RRB- It is difficult to navigate through this software -- the navigation design is extremely linear , and is not well suited for going back and checking your work2 -RRB- The hints are written in language meant for CPAs -- this software is especially not for those who itemize deducations3 -RRB- They actually try to sell you other tax software and services that complement the weaknesses of this package -LRB- this kind of marketing gimmick drives me crazy -RRB- 4 -RRB- Before you can begin using the software , they make you agree to a disclaimer that basically says
 Do n't waste your money on this useless program . After installation , the program does only one thing
 Twenty five dollars for software that can not be used ! 1 star is too many.When you run the program you get a message that says you need to download the latest version - which will be available on January 31st . You ca n't use the program to get a head start or to estimate your taxes since there is no program beyond the message . They might just as well sell an empty box with a note that gives a URL to the download . Meanwhile , they have your money and you have nothing .
 I used TaxCut for 2002 and 2003 because of Intuit 's spyware debacle . I was very happy with the 2002 version and everything went very well - just as well as TurboTax in previous years . However , this year TaxCut state for CA did several things that make me feel uncertain about the accuracy of my return :1 -RRB- It filled out a 540X for me , indicating an amended return . I gave it no information that would indicate an amended return . I had to delete the form to get it to file correctly .2 -RRB- It filled out several other forms , such as `` Teacher Credit '' , `` Child and Dependent Credit '' , despite me answering `` NO '' to questions regarding these credits . I had to delete these forms as well .3 -RRB- It demanded that I fill out my child 's name on Form 3803 , even though I do n't have a child and did n't say that I did .4 -RRB- It wanted me to fill out form 3801 , Passive Activity Loss , but gave me no information on how to do so . It filled out the Federal Return just fine , but did n't carry information over correctly .5 -RRB- Here 's a sample of the help I got from Customer Support
 This program does 2003 Virginia tax incorrectly . I have to do a paper return and that 's much easier.FYI , if you need to do a second state return , you will need to buy another copy of this software .
 This software requires you to download the updates , but the updates can not even be installed . I keep getting `` corrupt installation file or corrupt media '' when it tries to copy the new NYTax.dll . The Technical Support people can not even help . I 'm doing my taxes by hand at this rate .
 I tried to submit my State return using this product and it informed me that it did n't have the form I needed . But this must have been somewhat intentional , because it knew which form I needed and where to get it ! The entire point in buying the software was so I could E-file , and now I ca n't , and I 'm still out $ 25 ! The federal Program was good , so if you live in an area without State taxes , then TaxCut could be your program . But stay away from State !
 I have used TaxCut for the past three years and never had trouble until this year . Be careful to look closely at how TaxCut handles direct IRA rollovers . It pulled the rollover amount -LRB- instead of the taxable rollover amount -- $ 0 -RRB- in as taxable on my state form . I ended up having to file a hard copy because of this , and went around the block 6 times with the support staff to try and get them to recognize that there was an issue . They never did .
 This is my first -- and last -- year to use TaxCut . I have never seen such buggy software . Not only did it incorrectly assume tax reporting information , it would n't let me `` turn off '' the erroneous assumption . Because of this error , I was unable to e-file -LRB- kind of the whole point -RRB- ; however , I am also unable to print correctly . I have no idea -LRB- aside from completing the form by hand -RRB- how I 'm going to file my state taxes . TaxCut 's web help -LRB- and online help -RRB- are NO HELP in resolving these issues . On the plus side , the software offers a 100 % money-back satisfaction guarantee -- I 'll be using it . If you want software you can trust , skip TaxCut and find something else . -LRB- I gave this `` one star '' because no stars is n't an option . -RRB-
 Mississippi does not tax retirement income from the military but the program pulled the full retirement from the 1099-R into the state as taxable income causing the miscalculation of the refund amount . I called and could not get intouch with them so I did an online chat and they refered my case to research and were to get back to me in 24-48 hours and they have not in over 8 days now . I can overide the error but can not file electronically if I do .
 I usually do my taxes on my own , but due to some one-time changes this year that greatly complicated them I decided to try out taxcut 2003 . What a mistake ! It was slow and confusing , I had to search through the menus to find some entries . The Missouri state form has no automatic entry for estimated tax payments , so I had to fill them out by hand anyway . I going to see how good their 100 % satisfaction guarantee is and try and get my money back .
 This year I tried Taxcut on the Mac instead of Turbotax on a PC -LRB- which I 've been doing for 4 + years -RRB- . Taxcut was only so-so . Printing to pdf 's -LRB- a feature built into Mac OS X -RRB- is n't that great with about 2 duplicating lines between page breaks -LRB- 2 lines at the bottom of one page duplicate onto the top of the next page ; and the page break is n't that clean -RRB- . Turbotax -LRB- last year -RRB- on the PC had an option to print to pdf 's -LRB- which I do for archival and burn to a CDROM ; do n't generally print the 50 + pages of my return -RRB- and that was always perfect . Everything was formatted perfectly , and with `` bookmarks '' -LRB- no bookmarks in Taxcut , but that 's probably because it does n't print to pdf 's directly -RRB- . Turbotax also included printing all the final electronic filing status pages with DCNs , etc. . Taxcut does n't have any of that . Also I had various problems entering lots -LRB- 12-30 stocks -RRB- sometimes getting duplicate entries -LRB- workaround , delete everything from the first duplicate to the end and reenter -RRB- . I reported these problems but HR Block just said they do n't support doing pdf 's and did n't offer much on the capital gain entries -LRB- poor print formatting is a nuisance , but messing up the capital gain listing is a major problem and can be time consuming to double-check everything -RRB- . I 'll probably try Turbotax on the Mac next year -LRB- not sure I want to buy Taxcut next year to see if they 've fixed any of these things and put up with more nuisances and major glitches -RRB- . I prepare at least 3 returns each year with these products and am truly disappointed with Taxcut 2003 `` Premium '' for Mac .
 I concure with everyone who purchased TaxCut for Mac in good faith that updates would provide you with everything needed to complete your taxes . I certainly assumed TaxCut would be as complete as TurboTax had been in years past , especially when it came to completing the state -LRB- District -RRB- forms . What a breeze it had been ! So surely TaxCut would do the same.Well , it does n't . I 'm one of the unfortunates to be living in an area where the state forms are n't available . And after attempts to contact TaxCut for at least an explanation as to why this was n't evident beforehand , I gave up , bit the bullet and began the process of completing the federal portion.When I got to the window within the federal section that reminded me that my state -LRB- District -RRB- was n't supported on the Mac -LRB- yeah , rub it in again , TaxCut -RRB- , I followed the directions and clicked on the District of Columbia link for downloading the forms/publications from DC 's tax department . The link took me to an interactive map of the U.S. on TaxCut 's website with embedded links to every state 's tax department . What a great convenience ... if you live anywhere else in America BUT DC . In fact , DC does n't even exist on the map ! So much for our nation 's capital.My regret this year is that I did n't follow the advice of friends and file through TurboTax 's Online service . Sorry , TaxCut folks , I 'm back with TurboTax next year !
 After purchasing this item and beginning my tax adventure I started to realise that the State Tax edition was unavailable . I contacted the company and they said mid February . In mid February they stated early March but were unable to commit to a date . There web site states : There are currently no updates available for our 2003 Macintosh states . Please check back at a later date.There help desk and customer service mentality are extremely poor .
 I do n't have any particular problems with the federal version . I do n't necessarily think that it is better or worse than Turbo Tax , which is the software that I usually use and will probably be using next year . But my question is this
 I found this software very strange . I have used TurboTax online in the past and things have been a breeze . My taxes changed signifigantly this year so I decided to buy Taxcut because it does n't have Spyware . Taxcut would have skipped quite a few deductions had I not known that I could take certain deductions - I kind of had to force myself into the forms and override certain things . Also , I did my roomates ' taxes and it skipped over a $ 3000 education deduction that she was entitled too . I do n't really care for the interview style of filing - answering a series of questions and it files your taxes according to your answers - because it missed several deductions I was entitled to . All in all , I 'm very dissappointed and wo n't be using this software again .
 Bought this program , as I have for several years , to do my taxes early . TaxCut always wishes for you to do an `` update '' on their software before using it . When I tried to update , I got a message that the update would not be available until mid February . When I wrote support and complained and ask about it , they said not to expect an update for the Mac until the end of February . Then , I was told later , they did n't know when it would be updated . What good is it if I ca n't do my taxes with it when I purchase it ? The Windoz version is already complete according to their site . Save yourself the hassle and get another program for the Mac to do your taxes this year !!
 Having used MacIntax and TurboTax before , this was my second year using TaxCut Premium for Mac , and the software this year seems to be worse than it was previously . The interview left out several important deductions related to mortgages and mortgage refinancing . These missed items were worth hundreds of dollars in deductions for me , and if I had n't read through the online IRS forms , I would not have known to take the deductions.Also , the promised electronic filing rebate form was not in the box where it was supposed to be.There were two even more distressing things . First , TaxCut lost some important data -LRB- regarding a passive loss carryover from the previous year -RRB- . It simply disappeared despite my having carefully entered the data . Second , it converted our rental income into a `` royalty '' and would n't let me override this to make the correction . Both of these errors caused the final form to list a larger tax burden than was actually due . I eventually gave up and went to TurboTax on the web.I wo n't be using TaxCut next year .
 This is a very easy program to use , but my filing has been held up because they have not updated one of the forms necessary for real estate income . They said it would be ready in mid-February , but now customer support says they do not know when it will be ready for the Mac . I do n't know how many other forms they are missing , so Turbotax may be a better buy even though it is overpriced for the Mac .
 The taxcut state version showed up . Too bad it has errors in it . In Virginia , the 529 plan is limited to a $ 2000 deductible per account . Would have been nice if the program has known that . I am scared to submit my taxes using this software without checking them by hand . If I have to check them by hand , I would have done them that way . Oh well , back to TurboTax and its macintosh tax . At least I never worried that my taxes were done incorrectly using that software .
 If you are even remotely serious about your invoicing and accounts receivable , do n't even think about wasting forty bucks on this incredibly worthless application . It produces `` nice looking '' invoices ; big deal . You can do the same thing in word processing . Buying this software will remind you of the junk you bought from ads in a comic book 40 years ago , like X-Ray Specs or Sea Monkeys . It 's total garbage -LRB- from a software publisher who practically INVENTED garbage -RRB- .
 DISAPPOINTED IN THIS SOFTWARE IT DID NOT TURN OUT TO BE BETTER THAN SOME OF THE LESS EXPENSIVE ONES OUT THERE .
 I purchased this software because it was associated with SnapFish , a company I 've come to trust . That was a big mistake .1 -RRB- The software is very sluggish . I have a nearly new PC with a fast processor and 1.5 GB RAM and PhotoShow takes up to a minute to perform the most simple function . More complex functions , such as creating a slideshow with a hundred or so photos , takes anywhere from 15 minutes to 45.2 -RRB- The user interface is very rudamentary - like the old DOS style interfaces - and is very non-intuitive and difficult to navigate . You have to take several steps to figure out how to perform the most basic functions .3 -RRB- The software is unreliable . In the first 3 days I 've had to uninstall and reinstall it twice -LRB- at Technical Support 's direction -RRB- to fix problems . Additionally it lost the thumbnails for one of my albums with nearly 250 photos and Technical Support could only offer that I delete it and try to recreate the album . This was half a weekend 's worth of work .4 -RRB- The funtionality it does have is very basic and common to all software in this category . In addition , half the options lead you to a screen to order products and services from SnapFish . The free version is worth it but the Deluxe version is not worth a dime . I foolishly paid $ 59.95 for it without checking out the reviews first because of SnapFish 's recommendation .
 I purchased the software in order to be able to make a photo show and then burn it to a VCD . First the software tells me I can not add my own music with this version , then it does not burn to make the VCD . It will burn to make a CD though . I contacted Nero for support and have had one email -LRB- which did not resolve the problem -RRB- in two weeks . I replied , but have had no response . I would look for another company who will give better support .
 Warning - I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my father . He attempted to use the software to no avail . We had the serial number , but it required a password that we could not obtain . My father made numerous attempts to resolve this issue through Nero , however they were useless . It took days for them to reply , and the person replying had not a clue . In fact , they insuated that it was stolen , even when an amazon receipt was supplied . My father has had this software since Christmas - and he still has n't used it . I must say Amazon.com has been great . They are going to reimburse my account and I am sending the product back to where it came from .
 When you first attempt to use this software , it 's great . It lets you build an impressive slide show , but then they sock it to you . They forgot to warn you that you ca n't burn your own DVD slide show , only a very limited VCD -LRB- yuck -RRB- . If you want your DVD slide show on a DVD , you have to e-mail it to them and they make the DVD for you for a SMALL fee . The only way you can make your own DVD is guess what , upgrade to Slide Show 4Delux for another $ 30.00 + bucks . I do n't recomend software people that feel it 's necessary to deceive to sell !
 It is a very easy program to figure out , BUT the few things I do n't like is there is not even much clip art , you ca n't add your own , there is no choice of font just one plain one they ofer . I wish I could put it on a dvd but ca n't . You would have to order through them which is too expensive for one dvd.I paid too much for this program . It would be okay for a child .
 I tried to burn a CD for use in my TV DVD player and the order of the images was changed from the order in the slide show I had created . I have tried to use the online info and contact the tech support for this product without much luck . No responce from them in 10 days . Perhaps since this is a new product -LRB- version 1.0 -RRB- they are n't up to speed in the tech support department yet , but I would have appreceated an some answer . I will update this if I get the problem solved .
 You would think that a CD-rom with the title `` Font Creator '' would allow you to create fonts , right ? Wrong ! I wanted to be able to design , make up , produce fonts from scratch . This only allowed you to make banners and signs from their selection of fonts . I could get that on the internet for free . This was misrepresented in the title and description and a total waste of money .
 I have purchased this and already used it in Mexico . It is helpful to get you to any of the MAJOR cities but even within Guadalajara it was clearly very dated and did not compare favorably with a GPS that my friend was using that he purchased in Mexico.I bought the Garmin GPS specifically so I could use this map in Mexico . I called Garmin and asked when an update would be available and was told they have no plans to update . When traveling to Ajijic it did not show ANY streets or even a road to get to the city . Ajijic is on the shore of Lake Chipala -- the largest lake in Mexico.Let us hope with that with more requests Garmin will finally update this map . It is at least five years out of date.KS
 I love my Garmin and use it extensively in the US . So I purchased the chip for Mexico and was very disappointed with its performance . It did not find even one of the addresses that I programed in to it in Mexico . Often it got stuck on trying to find satalites . Other times it simply could n't find the address and so we used the old standbys of using maps and asking directions of the locals . A huge disappointment . I 'm going to ask for a refund , it was worthless .
 I have lived in Mexico now for two and a half years , and over half of that time with this update to the Mexico map that came with my Garmin Nuvi . It is about 85 % accurate in major cities -LRB- e.g. , Mexico City , Monterrey , Guadalajara -RRB- but that accuracy falls off dramatically in cities smaller than that . Symptoms in medium-sized to small town include wrong-way directions down one-way streets , street maps off by 400 to 500 feet north or south of actual location -LRB- leading to constant murmurings of `` Recalculating ! '' as the GPS vainly tries to guide me up side streets on which I am not traveling -RRB- , and inability to locate ANY of Mexico 's thousands of archeological sites -LRB- one of the major reasons tourists come to Mexico -RRB- , not even Chichen Itza ! The search function is unreliable -- it could not find Zaachila in Oaxaca , but immediately found Villa de Zaachila -LRB- the formal name , which nobody uses -RRB- . This chip does not include numerous roads built prior to 2009 , so driving between cities requires backup of the paperback Guia Roji , and does not include bypasses around some cities.On balance it is usable but with caution . I use it a lot but with a grain of salt . In these days of satellite imagery and Google Earth , one wonders why Garmin uses maps that are off kilter by up to 5 seconds of latitude . One is advised to find destinations on Google Earth , copy the latitude and longitude coordinates , and punch them into the Garmin for best results .
 GARMIN 010-10755-00 City Select Mexico NT V2 -LRB- Micro Secure Digital Card -RRB- this map is only marginally useful . I bought it for my daughter who is taking a road trip and her comment is that it is very little help . the attactions -LRB- camp grounds , etc. -RRB- it says are close are really about 100 miles away . nearly a total waste . she has written Garmin about it but no response yet . no updates available . . at any time . you have to buy a whole new map . I would advise just buying a good paper map unless you want the frustration of being lost
 I ca n't believe Garmin sells this product in good conscience . It was horrible . It did n't even know we were on the road half of the time . It does n't know anything about the toll roads , could n't find addresses , did n't know what exits to take , etc. . Essentially we were lost all the time . We had a Mexico map hoping the Garmin would fill in the gaps . But what you really need is a good detailed atlas of the country because the Garmin is not worth the cost . It probably has n't been updated in years and never should have been sold so incomplete anyway . I know roads change all the time but this map did n't know anything . Even in major cities . It could n't tell me how to get from Mexico City to Cuernavaca , two of the biggest cities in Mexico with pretty established road systems . We used a Garmin map in Ireland and it knew what exits to take , how to find addresses , even which lane to be in . This map did none of that . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I traveled in northern Baja . I found some roads missing . The POI 's in this area are virtually absent . In San Felipe , about 100 miles south of the border , the closest POI 's of any sort were across the border in the US . I do n't think it is worth the money .
 I have been using Garmin devices in the US and Africa with great success over the past 5 years . I used the Mexico NT 2009 Map with my Garmin Nuvi 260W and was extremely dissapointed . While traveling in the Puerto Vallarta and Bucerias area the device was unable to find almost any address that we entered . The tracking was off by at least 1 and on many times two blocks . It would try to get you to go down roads that did not exist . It was definitly not worth the money .
 It has been over a month since purchasing the cd and I amstill trying to get it to work . Went to the website that the cdrecommended to go on for help but it still wo n't work.I will keep trying for my kids .
 Do n't waste your time or money with the purchase of this product . It does n't work and product support is a joke - nothing more than canned responses that do n't address the problem . It has been removed and replaced Sonic ... life is good again .
 I have not been able to work this highly rated software.Why ? My Sony DCR HC-30 camera is not supported and the software does not work with it . What ? How was I supposed to know that ? Nowhere on the webstore does Cyberlink tell you to check to see if you DV camera is supported before you buy . This is a terrible case of the vendor wanting to sell-sell-sell without caring for whether or not you can use the product.Since Cyberlink is Taiwanese and the support is in India , I expect that I am stuck with this mess . I do not think that they care .
 This is an ok program . It is NOT so easy to figure out ! However , once you get used to some of it 's features , you can make a dvd . Unfortunately , It constantly shuts down my camera and will not capture more than a few seconds of video . I have a brand new Dell XPS desktop . I am really furious . Their answer ???!!! Use another program to capture the video ... great ... They offer NO phone support unless you pay for it . It is outrageous ... I have no answers . If you want a more professional looking dvd , better wait until someone invents something easy to use that will do what it is supposed to do ! Good Luck !
 I would not recommend this program or upgrading from PowerDirector 3.0 to 5.0 . The program hangs up when trying to load projects . It is slow to open and seems to have quite a few other issues . After Internet research on this program I have found many people who have experienced similar problems .
 It seems to be good and have everything , but later will slow down and give you glitches . Not as bad as pinacle studio 10 though .
 I have read several forums and reviews on Powerdirector 5 . In short I have to agree with what has been said , Save your money . The program crashes all the time no matter what you are doing . The features are ok but not worth $ 80.00 . The computer system I am using far exceeds what Cyberlink recommends to run this program . It took me four hours to make a five minute slide show due to the constant crashing . I am sorry I did not continue to look further at other programs . I 'll shelf it and just put it with other junk I have bought over time.The disk will make an interseting glass coaster .
 The product will work okay for the automatic pan and zoom . It is very slow . The service is poor . I believe that almost everyone tries to fiend you off with Re-installing the software . That has never worked for me . Most never admit the software is flawed . I have Pinnacle Version 9.0 and it works well . I have not found any software that does everything I would like . I wind up using at least four different software packages to make a Wedding Video DVD.Jim Burnett
 Spent hours editing , then was never able to actually create DVD 's . This program is full of bugs , after days of trying to create DVD 's all that I received were errors . Horrible customer support . AVOID THIS PRODUCT AT ALL COSTS !!
 Although the user interface for this program is just wonderful , it loses its wonder when it constantly crashes , and Cyberlink provides useless , obtuse , and outrageous support -LRB- or should I say lack of support ? -RRB- If you save a file to mpeg2 - you can no longer open the file up to edit it . Cyberlink recommends uninstalling all spyware software -LRB- ? - in this day and age ??!! -RRB- and suggests that the user close his antivirus program while running Powerdirector . It is also recommends that you delete any other company 's media software , meaning of course they want a monopoly . It appears that they have deliberately designed this software so that it collides with any other company 's software on your computer . It 's a real shame - because this software is easy to use and produces great projects , but the cost you will pay is massive amounts of frustration , and answers from tech support -LRB- many days after you post the question -RRB- are simply cut and pastes containing suggestions that do n't work . Evidently there is no user forum either , although they claim if you join their membership there is . -LRB- Have yet to find it . -RRB- In short - if you are doing simple slide shows , buy this expensive program . If you want to do more complex projects , good luck in trying to re-open the project file without crashing the program .
 I have been a power director user for quite some time . I started out using PD 3 then 4 then 5 and the trouble started . PD5 WILL crash . It was unusable . It WILL crash for no reason . It is very frustrating to put in hours and hours on a project and then crash and lose all your data . I think it is time that Cyberlink fixes it 's product once and for all or refunds it 's customers their money .
 I should have listened to the advice on version 5 . I really wanted all the special effects so I took a chance and bought version 6 hoping they had fixed the problems . It is just as bad . It crashes within seconds every time I start it . Support sent me a generic response . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 It is not uncommon to get a `` file broken '' message which is the kiss of death . If you move media files -LRB- such as a JPG image or a MP3 file etc. -RRB- that is in your video then you are in BAD TROUBLE . The program uses hard references to files in the saved PDS file . For example , if one of the images is named beach.jpt the full path name c : \ users \ jim \ program files \ blah blah blah '' is used to find the file . Move the file to a new location and the entire file will become corrupted . If you move your saved PDS files to another computer , you will NEVER be able to reedit a video because the path name will always be different -LRB- Win 7 has different path structure than XP for example -RRB- . This program is stupidly put together . If you Google `` Cyberlink file broken '' you will see tons of people looking for a solution who have lost countless hours on videos . The tech support has no phone support , only email which is somewhat responsive but a broken file ca n't be fixed . Skip this program !
 This program came as part of a bundle with a video capture dongle I purchased for my desktop . So we start out with fully registered and activated copies of both PowerDirector and PowerProducer -LRB- PowerProducer has much more limited capability , but does n't seem to have the stability problems of PowerDirector -RRB- . My wife uses the software to transfer videos from our camcorder and digital camera to the pc , then produce dvds for the family . The manuals are about useless . . you know what , the PowerDirector manual does keep my desk from getting those pesky rings from a cold drink . Anyway , Modifying a video in PowerProducer which sends the file to PowerDirector for advanced features . Four hours later , the wife tries to save the project . Aparently PowerProducer has sent the project to some quasi-registered trial version of PowerDirector . No saving or burning allowed on this version -LRB- I have a fully `` functional '' version of PowerDirector loaded mind you -RRB- . So , we try our cd key in the hamstrung version , no luck . go online to contact customer support , $ 50 for 2 months . What a deal ! We opt for the free email support . Sorry , you did n't purchase that version . So , 4 hours of work down the drain . It took 4 hours because the program constantly locks up and crashes . This craptacular program is the only program I have ever used that crashes more than windows 95 . I would give this program a big fat 0 stars if they will let me .
 I managed to make one 20 minute movie , but what a pain ! It kept on crashing . I am now buying Adome Premiere and hope for a more stable program that has some cool editing features .
 Believe it , believe it , believe it ! This program is rough and almost useless . I have installed it on a beefed up Dell as well as some other computers to make sure it was the program and not my computer . It is the program . This uses almost all of your resources on your computer and LOCKS UP , SHUTS DOWN , LOCKS UP , CORRUPTS FILES , AND LOCKS UP !!! It is the most frustrating thing ever . You are constantly saving your work and re-opening the program . It takes 5 minutes each time to shut is down and open it up . Their help is is non-existent . You have to email them and they will tell you each time that it can take up to 3 days to respond . Also , it is a canned response that sometimes does n't even come close to addressing the question you asked . Is there and online update of fix to download ? NO ! To make it function , you have to shut down all other programs such as internet , firewalls and antivirus software as well as set your monitor setting to a lower resolution . Just what you want when you are making films and looking at photos right ? As you tell the program to perform tasks you will have to go very slowly . If you get proficient and move too fast it will just lock up . I made files and saved them on one computer , installed the program on another computer and guess what ? When I tried to open my saved files it gave me errors and wo n't open its own file . More hours lost . This program does exactly what you would expect -LRB- if it worked -RRB- it to do and nothing more . It is easy to use because it does not do that much . Oh , this is great , if you would like to save your work as the best quality output , just hit the button to produce it and it will give you a link to purchase more software to accomplish that task BECAUSE IT IS NOT INCLUDED IN THIS SOFTWARE ! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!I hate it and should have listened to the reviews . Maybe it works on a Mac or something else but definitely not a brand new beefed up Dell or any other computer I own . Trust me , just do n't do it .
 I bought Power Director 4 in May 2005 . I loved it and made many projects with it . It is slow and so simple that after awhile you wish for something more to mess with but for the cost it was an incredible program.I happily upgraded to Power Director 5 in August of 2006 so I could have more to mess with . It took me several weeks to put together a quality product and attempt to burn the DVD . The burn failed . First time for that to ever happen . I have changed nothing on this computer between PD 4 and PD 5 . I contacted Cyberlink customer support and they responded pretty quickly . Said to update several drivers , uninstall PD5 , reboot , reinstall PD5 and let her rip.This time the project burned . But when I played it , the audio and video were slowly getting more and more out of sync the longer it played . Another coaster.I contacted customer service and was told to update my drivers , uninstall PD 5 , reboot and reinstall PD5 . And oh , yeah . Make sure nothing else is running and turn down my monitor resolution from high to average because PD 5 does n't like really high screen resolution . What?Fine . Another wasted evening , another coaster . Back to customer service . Try changing my DVD burner speed to as slow as it will go . And do n't forget to turn off all other programs . Try turning off your internet firewall while you are at it so you can be sure that PD 5 gets all the attention your computer has . Am I on Candid Camera here?But what the heck . Another coaster . Back to customer service . Who wrote on a Sunday by the way , that I should delete every other burning program on my system , reboot , and then try burning the project . Yes , that makes sense after all the success I have had so far . I 'm going to delete programs that work for ... what?In the end , I produced the folder to a file as a very large . avi movie . I then downloaded ULEAD Video Studio 10 Plus and imported that . avi movie to ULEAD . I rendered it and burned 3 copies to disks that ALL worked !!! It was an amazingly slow process , but it worked !! I loved Power Director 4 and am sad to see it go . But Power Director 5 is a bug ridden monster . If you buy it despite this review , make a quick project and try to burn it . Do not do like so many other have done -LRB- including me -RRB- and invest countless hours on a project that ca n't be burned to a DVD.I 'll let you know how ULEAD works out . I 'm moving on .
 In early July I started working on a project for my mother 's 70th birthday in September - a photo DVD chronicling the life of my generation and the following generation . I did extensive research on available DVD creation software and kept finding PowerDirector 5 listed in the top five - often as # 1 - so I purchased it on-line . The creation process was easy , intuitive and fun ; I was very pleased . The third week of August I tried to Burn my file into a DVD . The application crashed repeatedly . I then tried to produce an MPEG format - the application crashed repeatedly , although every once in a while I could coax it into completing the creation.As of September 18 , 2006 I have contacted CyberLink 17 different times trying to resolve my issue , with no luck . Although their web-based response is slower than molasses , they do respond eventually , and we 've tried all kinds of things - including checking my computer 's hardware and software for incompatibility - but we never found a solution.The end result is that I was never able to burn my DVD using their software . I have a brand-new high-end Dell , with which they could find no fault , but as of last week CyberLink decided that the problem is with the operating system -LRB- Windows XP 2 -RRB- ... and they want me to perform a clean install of the OS . They 've thus far not convinced me that they know what they are doing , so no , I am not going to take the time and go through the hassle of re-installing everything on my computer ... I found a workaround using another application that allowed me to burn an MPEG file into a DVD-compatible format , but unfortunately since PowerDirector does n't add the `` play '' menu until the Burn process , my DVDs do n't have a play menu , and can not be watched on any home entertainment DVDs players that do not have AutoPlay.It 's unfortunate that this application has these flaws , because the things it can do are really amazing , but what good is it if you ca n't produce a DVD ?
 Tried the trial version & liked it . Especially liked the interface & the ability to add music easily . More importantly , it worked , so I bought the retail version . After spending upwards of 50 hours and a dozen emails to tech support trying to get the retail version to work , I 've given up . Burned DVD video quality is extremely poor and , more recently , I ca n't even get it to import video from my camcorder . Email tech support is curteous , but absolutely usless . Most recently they wanted me to send them a screen shot of a 6 character windows error message that pops up when trying to import video -LRB- google `` PDR.exe '' and the first entry will be complaints about this product -RRB- . I decided my time would be better spent trying to warn other folks about the flaws of PowerDirector . If you 're still considering buying this product , please take a few minutes to review comments from other dissapointed customers that are posted on the web . Unless you 've got dozens of hours to waste and enjoy throwing away $ , I 'd suggest that you steer clear of PowerDirector .
 This program sucks more than anything that has ever graced the face of planet earth !
 Zero stars for this company 's products ! I was sold a product direct from them that was incompatible . I have spent hours in arguments over refunds , etc. . Sales reps and Cust Sevr untrained . They DO NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR COMPANY/PRODUCT ! BEWARE .
 I purchased this screen saver pack hoping that I 'd be able to import the pictures into my current screen saver software , WebShots . However , Second Nature has created a similar screen saver program and the pictures are saved in a proprietary format . Therefore , you either use the screen saver program provided or say ` Bye bye ' to your investment . Second Nature offers 1000s more pictures at a website , similar to WebShots . Unfortunately , I 'm too vested in my current program to begin anew .
 I love the Nancy Drew game series for its ability to creep me out and make me scared to sleep in my room alone . However I found this particular game lacking . The mystery was n't as interesting and was more ` find object 1 to unlock object 2 ' than the usual sleuthing and sneaking that you do in this series . I did n't feel the adrenaline rush that I did with the other games . I would recommend this game if this is you 're first Nancy Drew game . Otherwise I would skip it .
 I DO N'T WANT TO READ OR LISTEN TO A STORY , THAT IS BORING . THEN THE MENU BUTTON WO N'T WORK , SO THE ONLY TO ESCAPE THE GAME IS TO HIT THE COMPUTERS ESCAPE BUTTON
 I 'm delighted that some reviewers have managed to get this game to work , because my copy wo n't load at all . Unfortunately this appears to be a common experience with Nancy Drew games - I 've had to use workarounds to install most of those we 've bought . Have now wasted three hours on trying to load this game - it gets sent back for a refund tomorrow .
 Looks good but ... unfortunately this game arrived from Interactive and was not playable at all . Very disappointed as it was a Christmas present . All the other Nancy Drew games play just fine ... so this one must be a dud . Hope they chuck it away after we return it so no one else gets it.We 'll buy another ... but NOT from this company .
 This review is in reference to `` Nancy Drew
 Did n't like it . And the kicker is , that it wo n't uninstall ! ARG ! Have to reformat the whole harddrive ! Avoid !
 Deleted it after attempting to play it a couple of times . Graphic 's were fine but it was n't an interesting challenge
 This game took hours to download . Installation was very slow too . Whenever you are in part of this game where there is dialogue -LRB- which is almost constant -RRB- , you can not access the menu or exit by any way . You are just stuck listening to lame conversations which you are forced to take part in . Played this for about 30 minutes and found very little to actually do but navigate around the train . This was our first and last Nancy Drew . BORING !
 The graphics are great . But we had to go online and find the game guide . But even using the game guide and watching the youtube video on this puzzle , the doll puzzle will not let us proceed . Our doll line up matches the youtube but it does not progress any further to let us open the drawer we need to proceed . Starting to be not so great a Christmas present for my granddaughter . If anyoneelse has run into this problem , we could use some guidance . At this time , I would not suggest this as a fun game to do together due to frustration ...
 I bought this software for $ 15 , on the markdown rack , at an office supply chain . Ended up demanding an RMA from InterVideo because this software is a joke . After 2 weeks of hassle I got an RMA number , returned the software to store who refunded my credit card . The 1st slideshow DVD I made took 3 times as long to burn as with EZ Media Creator and still ended up with errors when viewed on a DVD player . This software should be illegal .
 We gave it our best shot . So did their techs during a phone call and two emails . They thought my Anti-virus sofware was to blame.The problems I encountered have to do with network permissions , not anti-virus software . I called Dell and McAffee and niether knew of a fix . I have a stand-alone computer , I am the administrator . Between my wife and I , we have over 55 years in PC and mainframe computing experience . They were n't helpful , the software is full of pitfalls and need to be re-configured to allow for a `` dumbed-down '' approach to the simple task of copying files to an external drive . `` out of the box instructions do not require that anti-virus software be turned off , nor that the destination drive be set for NTFS file config . Both were offered as helpful suggestins , but neither worked.Sorry , but for the average user , we ca n't recommend Novabackup , nor your customer service capabilities . During two three hour attempts , Novabackup did n't even get past the `` write '' stage .
 Although the Nova tech support worked with me for over two weeks , posting emails back and forth , I was never able to get the software to function as advertised . I finally had to return the software . I will give the Amazon return procedure 5 stars , however .
 poor program . Lots of bugs and errors . Little to no product support . Replaced with new version every two years and old version is not compatable with new files every couple of updates . It is an industry standard with no other viable option however .
 This software is written for Windows 95 . It is fairly stable in Win 98/ME though it did present occasional lock-ups . It has been a real nightmare , for me , with Windows XP requiring uninstalling and restoring to an earlier setting . It slowed down my machine to the point it would take 12 minutes to load a program . I warn anyone with XP to steer clear of this program .
 COULD NOT INSTALL ON MY XP PRO SYSTEM - ENCOUNTERED A DLL ERROR AND HAD TO RESTART MY SYSTEM , ACTUALLY I HAD TO UNPLUG AND REBOOT
 Had to return this product to seller . I was able to download , but could not make the program work . Would not recommend this product to anyone .
 My old Labels Unlimited was a great program , and I used it frequently ; but the 2.0 version would not run on my Windows 7 computer .
 I have to agree 100 percent with the reviews below
 As a former music major who writes instrumental and vocal music , and who is not creating a CD or music video for her music at this time , this program drove me CRAZY !!! In spite of great searching , I was unable to see both tracks for a song at the same time in a standand layout except while in Print Preview Mode . All other times , it just continued scrolling indefinitely ! I could not change a note to an accidental unless I used Piano scroll mode -LRB- a huge grid with a piano keyboard sideways on the left -RRB- . I could not insert a repeat sign or a fermata to save my life . These may be available , but the program certainly was not intuitive , nor accessible using the help options I used . While many wannabee rock star composers could not care less about these things , people with serious music backgrounds will sorely miss an accessible way to write musical notations . In spite of it being marketed as ideal software for all music writers , it seems this program was designed for music creators who do not know how to write music to captured their music in a variety of ways , modify it , and prepare their own CDs and videos.I purchased this program less than a year ago , and have not been able to complete the tortuous process of inputing -LRB- by hand -RRB- even one song with this program . I am now looking for a new program that meets the needs of musicians who understand musical notation and want a computer to help provide neat , printed copies of their music .
 To be honest , I had previously written a scathing review of this product . I have decided in the light of recent events to append it . I am giving this prog 4 stars , -LRB- unfortunately , the ranking ca n't be changed in an appended review -RRB- . If your soundcard has both WDM and ASIO drivers , this software will automatically detect the WMD 's , resulting in latency probs . Manually connecting to the ASIO drivers within the program solves the problem , thus the appended review . The dxi soft synths in this prog are quite lame , and the sounds rather poor . However , it get 's high marks for it 's combination of low price and a very full featured loopintg and recording system . It also has great plugin flexibility . For what you pay for it , it 's a sweet little program . It only get 's 4 stars due to it 's lack of decent soft synths , but beyond that , an excellent prog .
 If you are new to creating music on computer , and just want to delve lightly into the process , stay far away from any software developed by this company . -LRB- I bought Music Creator 3 . -RRB- Newbies beware - never venture here ! I am not , nor will I ever be , a high-end user like the other reviewers . I produce multimedia not music . I just need straightforward tools to create music for presentations -LRB- so I can quit buying readymade music/MIDI clips -RRB- . Unfortunately -LRB- ? -RRB- , I used my child 's MAC and Garage Band before using Cakewalk . I was tainted by instructions that made sense , an intuitive software interface , and music actually coming out of the computer .
 I bought this as a girt for my wife a year ago . It has done nothing but confuse and frustrate both of us . The instructions may have well been written in Martian . Leave this alone ! If you get it for free you have still paid too much .
 This program about made me go crazy just trying to get it to work . All I wanted was something with which I could record bass and guitar tracks and add prerecorded drum tracks to those so I could record some demos for my band , but apparently that was asking too much . This program refused to work on my laptop , it kept saying something about how the MIDI interface was n't supported . Gee really ? I wounder how the heck Guitar Pro 4 works on my laptop them since that uses MIDIs too ? And for some reason , because it refused to use the MIDI on my soundcard , I could n't record real instruments . Now , I 'm no expert , but what do MIDIs have to do with actual audio tracks ? And why could n't I record any bass or guitar parts and play them back ? I guess that uses MIDI too , amazing . I had someone who works on computers for a living look at it and they were dumbfounded at why it was doing what it was doing . Then I tried to use this program on my parents desktop , but I had lost the slip that the CD came in , which had the needed code to install on it . So basicly I ended up throwing $ 40 down the drain . I should 've put that money towards a decent program or wasted it on something fun at least , like fireworks or strippers .
 Radiotime was a 5 Star service when I used it for about 3 years . BUT ! It has been purchased by Tunein.com and is NO LONGER SUPPORTED.RECORDING Radio programs for audio files to be listened to later is NO LONGER AVAILABLE .
 THis software is crap . It 's a toy , not professional . Do n't waste your money on this . Why do n't have a downloadable demo ? Because then no one would buy it .
 do n't waste your time . Every time I try to use it , it makes me call them , then I have to wait about a week to get them to send me some authorization code , after they try to sell me a newer version for $ $ $
 I got this because it had a list of awards it had won on the box . I installed it and now my computer keeps freezing on me and I have trouble getting online . I am going too get something else ASAP .
 Oh my goodness ! * whew * This piece of , uh , software nearly destroyed my computer . I was easy enough to install , but it never really worked . It found one virus on my computer but would never do anything about it other than send a super super loud pig-squealing alert box up onto my screen once every minute -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- letting me know it was there and that there was nothing that could be done . Then the really bad stuff started happenning . I was n't able to click any actual buttons once I was online . I could enter addresses and view pages and such , but could n't interract with any pages . Then I could n't send messages on my IM . That was annoying . THEN I could n't delete the danged software once I realized that is broke my life . :-RRB- It 's all better now , but only because I 'm wicked tricky . Someone of lesser skill would be up the proverbial creek . Stay far far away . It does n't work and it 's dangerous . Period .
 Very weak explanations of Encore DVD -LRB- how to actually make a DVD -RRB- . Also scaled down file sizes for multi-cam and synching , probably because Premier Pro 2.0 is very touchy in these functionalities with larger -LRB- more realistic -RRB- file sizes . The least Total Training could do is to discuss what to expect and the workarounds ... such as having triple the required internal hard drive space.Also - you will get no help from the folks at Total Training - about anything .
 I 've been a long time buyer of Magix products , I think they 're an incredible company but do not buy this collection thinking it will work in a CD-ROM drive -LRB- like most DVD movies do -RRB- . I purchased it from Magix -LRB- for twice this price -RRB- and nowhere did it say I needed a DVD-ROM to use it . J&R Music World -LRB- another great store -RRB- advertises this here as a CD-ROM Media Format , it 's not . It was very disappointing seeing that I was really interested in trying this newest collection of soundpools . I never got the chance to try it so I give it 2 stars , I 'm sure the content is excellent . Buy only if you have a DVD-ROM drive !
 Magix products can only be used at one screen resolution . Are you farsighted ? Over 40 years old ? I am both , and can not comfortably view the screen at the resolution required by Magix products . What 's worse , you ca n't scale the Magix screens . You 're stuck with using a high resolution , small type look.Ever try to call Magix ? There 's no one there in support , sales , or service . Even the operator is n't there.Try other products 'til these people come to their senses .
 ... The packaging is very deceptive on this issue , and you 've got to read very closely on the inside flap -LRB- one phrase , in parenthesis , and small print -RRB- to discover that despite at least 11 references to MP3 's plastered all over the box , you ca n't really do anything useful to your MP3 's with this software if you want to still listen to them as MP3 's . Consider this stetement , in large white type one the front
 I recorded a cassette to put onto CD and the recording was quite good but I had endless problems trying to burn the stuff to CD . When I downloaded the Magix ` CD Profiler ' their web site has to help with this , it completely crashed my computer and I had to pull out my recovery disks and lost everything on my C drive.Needs a little more work to make it professional I think ...
 Oh how I wish I 'd checked with Amazon.com before I bought this ... . Despite all of the references to MP3 on the box , the software will not let you encode more than 20 MP3 files without forcing you to pay the manufacturer for an upgrade . Of course you are n't told this until you after it 's installed and you read the on-line help ...
 I 'm surprised that -LSB- it -RSB- would advertise this product as being able to encode MP3.In fact the program will encode MP3 for 20 times . After that , the purchaser must spend $ 14.95 to unlock the encoding capability . -LSB- It -RSB- should mention this additional charge to prospective purchasers .
 This is an awful product ! The box had version 1.02 that would capture video but it would not import MPEG-2 - it was supposed to . I tried to download the latest version 1.05 but I was not registered - AND I could not register because their site was broken . After sending a few emails and getting German-English replies , I finally got the latest patch about 4 days later . Now it imports MPEG-2 OK but it keeps crashing and exiting after about 10 seconds before I can get a chance to edit the import or figure out how the software is supposed to work . ...
 This is a group of activities that are boring for my 6 and 4 year olds . I tried the other Cars PC Game and it does n't run and I ca n't get any support to figure out the problem . Did I really waste nearly $ 50 in Cars packaging ?
 The game itself is well covered by other reviews . However , it should be known that this game can only be played on Mac OS X with an administrator account . If you share your computer with your child , they will not be able to play the game - it does not run.This is a massive flaw in the game . First of all , no user software should require an admin account to run . It 's hard to imagine what the game programmers could be doing that requires administrative access to your computer . You should not buy this game , either because it will not work , or out of sympathy for those who were ripped off .
 My 3 year old grandson is a huge `` Cars '' fan . He is very bright and works well on the computer , but this game is not what we thought . It is difficult to use , confusing even to me as an adult ! I would avoid paying money for this one !
 TO EVERYONE.I 'm not asking you , I 'm telling you this game is a save your money.Big headaches and masive frustraitons with the ramone dance game , Mater train and Sheriff persuit.So do n't buy it if you enjoy severe headaches .
 I made the mistake of believing what I saw at this game 's official website . There 's a `` trailer '' movie and also a downloadable demo that you can play on your computer . These have some great road race action , even a multiplayer split screen mode ... but none of this exists on the actual Windows/Mac game ! Just ten childish activities , and boring drag races against ten different characters from the movie . -LRB- Not that I care , but Sarge 's Obstacle Course does n't work at all , at least not on my computer . -RRB- Having thoroughly enjoyed the free demo on my computer , I was extremely disappointed to find , once I received the `` full '' purchased product , that I had been duped . If you want the great things that are shown on the game 's website and in the demo , you need to buy the Playstation version , which does have the road races and other cool stuff . This Win/Mac game is for little kids . Poof ! There goes yet more of my hard-earned money down the drain . Oh , and I do n't own a Playstation , so there will be no Cars game for me . It 's a total loss . For what it is , I guess I 'd give this version three stars , but since it 's not what I was led to expect , I 'm giving it only one .
 It appeared to be a surprise that Disney ca n't produce a reliable product.I have installed the game on my new PC running Windows XP Pro , however , the game crashes on start up . Surpisingly , the manufacturer provides no support and their web site even has broken links .
 I was thinking this was the same as the game cube , playstation cars game . Its ok , but its too hard and too easy at the same time . Not a lot of help unless you sit and read it to your kids , and then the games are a bit boring and not exciting .
 The list of video cards in the readme file that DO NOT work is extensive . Perhaps they should have listed the ones they successfully tested the program with . The readme file instructs you to update to the latest driver if you have problems , well that 's pretty insightful . In my case , and I would suspect in most cases , Windows XP SP2 has the latest driver . The readme file says downloading and installing a new driver will solve most problems . There is no other action recommended or contact information provided . i.e. if it does n't work on your machine , sorry , it works great on the development platform .3 / 31/07 - Runs on nVidia 6200 256 Mb . I figured since it required latest graphic technology it would be very cool . Now I wonder why it would not run using on-board graphics , there 's nothing that looks too intensive here .
 My 4-yr old whose fairly computer savvy summed it up best when he said `` this is too boring '' ... strangely complicated to install , hard to navigate , and not much payoff when you do get to places . For me it was too much of what was bad about the Cars movie -LRB- the story/characters -RRB- and not enough of what was good about it -LRB- action/graphics -RRB- . If you value your $ 20 , stay on the interstate and zoom past this Radiator Springs Adventure .
 Horrible interface , startling paucity of content ... and here 's the kicker . Encyclopaedia Britannica creates -LRB- and I kid you not here -RRB- 1.97 MILLION files for your anti-virus software to try to deal with every time you do a system scan . To put this in perspective , after un-installing Britannica my machine dropped from 2,016,819 files to 41,209 ... and mind you , my computer is loaded - I 've got about 50 GB of -LRB- non-Britannica -RRB- data on my drives ! In real time , we are talking about a difference of SEVERAL HOURS for Norton to complete a full system scan.On top of this , I hate to say it , but Encarta has better and more thorough content -LRB- and as a Ph.D. student in cultural history , I can assure you that I am used to evaluating content under awkward circumstances -RRB- . I would also hasten to add that I am not a fan of Bill Gates , so it is with a certain amount of pain that I have to admit that his product is FAR superior in this case .
 I bought this software because Pinnacle Studios that came with my ATI All-In-Wonder 9000 has A/V sync problem . I was disappointed that when I try to edit my videos with Video Deluxe , the audio will lag the video in the final MPEG file just like Pinnacle Studio . It appears some of the video frames were dropped . The problem seems to be with the video decoder since when I play back the original video unedited in Video Deluxe the sync problem will appear -LRB- no such problem when I play back in MS Media Player -RRB- . The web site is no help as it does n't seem any Magix employee is responding to this complaint which many people are making . I was hesitant to buy this product since it was not even mentioned on Magix website . Until they fix this problem , this software is worthless to me.Other than that , the interface is very good . It splits the video by time instead of scene which is good since the scenes can take a long time to generate as in Pinnacle Studio . I 'd give Video Deluxe 5 stars if they fix this A/V sync problem .
 This has got to be the WORST movie editing program in the world ... I had this 2 years and used on 3 computers , it flat out SUCKS golfballs through a drinking straw !!!!!!!!! It hangs , doesnt save ... vido audio sync problems , exported files dont work ... I try to give it chances from time to time , but , I tossed the disks in the garbage the other day ... Magix Movie Edit Pro version 11 works just fine ... and is stable -LRB- sort of -RRB- This is my ZERO star review if i could choose that little ...
 The tutorial looked pretty cool , but you couldnt use the program with a USB connection , only with a firewire , so this product turned out to be absolutely worthless .
 I completely agree with the previous reviewer from Belleville IL . I have been trying for two months to capture video from my MiniDV Sony Handycam without success . My computer far exceeds the system requirements , and I have no problems capturing with Windows Movie Maker . However , with Video Deluxe 2.0 Plus , the captured video is choppy and the audio is out of sync . I have tried everything suggested on the small users forum as well as the skimpy FAQ section on their website . Moreover , technical support is slow , surly , and totally unhelpful . I am throwing this useless software in the garbage and this will be the last product I ever buy from Magix .
 I bought this product based on the reviews from this site . While I see how this software certainly could be great -LRB- very powerful and easy to use -RRB- it failed me in two key areas :1 . -RRB- For whatever reason , the AVI files from my Cannon Powershot S400 digital camera are not compatible with the Video Deluxe 2 Software . The Magix support staff , of course , blamed Cannon and provided no help whatsoever , even though the Cannon AVI files work fine with competitor software produced by Roxio and ArcSoft . Considering the popularity of Cannon cameras , this incompatibility is a major liablity .2 . -RRB- Again , for whatever reason , the Video Deluxe 2 software crashes my computer every time I attempt to burn a VCD or DVD . Again , the Roxio and ArcSoft software work fine , so the problem is only with Video Deluxe 2 . Despite downloading the most recent patch , it is a shame this software is so riddled with bugs . It certainly has tremendous potential if not for the bugs .
 I loaded Video Deluxe 2.0 on my Compaq 1.6 -- 80 GB , Windows XP computer . I ran about 12 minutes of video onto the hard drive in `` raw '' form . I later decided to delete this video after my trial with the download appeared successful.That was the last time this software ever worked . I am unable to download any additional video . This , after trying several `` fixes '' suggested by the Manufacturer . I am unsure if the problem is in the software or my system . I just know that I wasted $ 70.00 !
 I dont know what to say , it is a headache to use at the least . It locks up , has poor video export formats that cant be read by other programs such as Windows media and Winamp and the audio , during Cam recording , doesnt work , It locks up the system where you 'll need to do a COMPLETE REBOOT , cause Magix Video 2.0 wont close ! Do n't get me wrong , it can work , you just need to use the uncompressed export and an external compression conversion program ... I downloaded version 12 -LRB- e-version -RRB- and it locked up and seemed worse than this ... It seems easy to use , just things dont work or are missing , including the WMV export -LRB- has no options -RRB- ... I dont know what would be better , maybe all video editing programs are clunky due to the size and non-standards in compression schemes ... got me !!
 I found the product to complicated to try to use.Lots of lock ups and freeze 's not worth the time .
 I was very disappointed . Product requires extra software to work over internet . It only worked for two weeks . After , I tried tech support on line since they do n't have USA support and got nowhere . I even called their Russian contact number and their automated machine said they do n't offer a live person . It was a waste of money . I should stayed local with Log me In . Hope this helps someone thinking on buying remote desktop software ...
 If some one asked me what is the worst software I have ever bought , I would say this . This GPS software is just garbage . Copilot live is just useless . In the whole time I owned it I never got a single right direction . Their maps are so out of date , when you type in your destination sometimes you get directions from another city !? I would not recommend it to any one . The graphics and the presentation is amazing . . all that ends when you actually need a direction ...
 I use CoPilot Live_US . It is not a good GPS at all . It will tell you to turn `` just ahead , '' which is fine if there is only one exit or turn `` just ahead . '' When there are turns or exits close together , you do n't know where to go.It often fails to say whether you should go north or south on the next highway . Sometimes it will put that information on your screen in small type ... but are n't you supposed to watch the road while you drive and not your GPS?At times CoPilot Live contradicts itself . It once told us verbally to take the next exit but the map showed us taking the exit after that . Who to listen to ? The two exits were close together , both were `` just ahead . `` Once , in a dark suburb without street lights , CoPilot said I 'd reached my destination . I 'd never been to this house before and so I parked , exited my car and knocked on the door that should have been my relative 's house . It was 10 PM and I 'd just arrived from a 6 hour flight . The man who answered the door told me I was at 606 , not 616 . Of course as soon as CoPilot said I 'd reached my destination , it stopped any further instruction.It routinely can not find streets and drops the signal.Clearly with all of these problems , I contacted the manufacturer who refused to give me a refund . Yes , they refused . So not only is the product faulty but the customer service is awful .
 Powerplugs is not easy to use ! This one only works on older versions . If you have 2010 powerpoint you ca n't use it . Plus any other powerplugs you might buy are not user friendly !
 This software can only be used on a Magellan explorest gps unit . To locate an address using this software on this unit takes about 5 minutes , if it can be found . Thus , it is nearly impossible to use this software to mark destinations or points of interest . If it could be used on a PC , you could at least scan fast enough that streets could be located . The small screen on the explorist 400 makes it impossible to scan and read street names at the same time.Magellan does not tell you that the software is so limited .
 BEWARE ! Despite the lack of any indication of this on Mapsend 's promo , advertising , or even accompanying brochures , you CAN NOT DOWNLOAD THIS PRODUCT 'S MAPS TO YOUR PC . After two afternoons of lengthy discussions with Magellan 's customer service this was finally revealed . This is very misleading as Magellan indicates in its general menus , guides , and brochures that Mapsend products can be downloaded to your pc . What good are the very small appearing Mapsend Topo Mexico maps if you can not view , use or even print them from your pc . Very disappointed .
 I was looking forward to using this product to study for the GRE . Installation of the product went fairly smoothly , by the way if you do decide to buy this product , make sure you choose Internet Explorer as your browser to use , it would appear even though you are given the option to use Netscape it wo n't work . It was n't until I tried to use the product that the nightmare began . The program takes a long time to load ; it appears to start quickly but none of the menus work . Wait a few minutes and the program will start asking you questions and guiding you around the program in a manner it sees fit , not what you might like to do . I should mention that I do not feel the slow performance of this product has anything to do with my computer . I have a workstation class computer system that far exceeds the system requirements for this software.Some other things worth noting about this product is you may find you have to restart your computer after running the program . I found that after running the program my desktop and window preferences had changed , for example instead of my desktop color , a neutral gray , the desktop was black . There are only 3 full length and 18 section GRE tests . As for the portable flash cards , forget it . Do n't think of them so much as flash cards , as a list of words on a sheet of paper with the definition next to the word . Oh and if you want Math flash cards just forget it as you ca n't print them . When I say you ca n't print them I do n't mean my printer failed to print I mean the button to print flash cards disappears for the math flash cards but appears for the vocabulary cards . The last major grievance I have with this product is the interface . I do n't know who designed this product but they must have been designing kindergarten software before this . The interface for a graduate admissions test prep program is a brightly colored animated cartoon , with occasional video of people talking superimposed on top . If you are like me , wishing to enter grad school , cartoons do n't interest you anymore , you just want to be able to use the program , print flash cards , learn lessons and practice test without all the cartoons and bubbly brightly colored interface.My recommendation is obviously not to buy this product , I would have really liked to give this product negative stars , and from what I have seen of other Kaplan products I would stay away from them as well . I wish I knew a no non-sense software program , I could recommend to help with preparing for the GRE . I have found the Princeton Review books helpful , but their CD 's are not without problems as well , but far less than Kaplan 's .
 Did n't get it ; it is n't being sold because it is out of date . Charge was refunded .
 I was looking forward to using this product to study for the GRE . Installation of the product went fairly smoothly , by the way if you do decide to buy this product , make sure you choose Internet Explorer as your browser to use , it would appear even though you are given the option to use Netscape it wo n't work . It was n't until I tried to use the product that the nightmare began . The program takes a long time to load ; it appears to start quickly but none of the menus work . Wait a few minutes and the program will start asking you questions and guiding you around the program in a manner it sees fit , not what you might like to do . I should mention that I do not feel the slow performance of this product has anything to do with my computer . I have a workstation class computer system that far exceeds the system requirements for this software.Some other things worth noting about this product is you may find you have to restart your computer after running the program . I found that after running the program my desktop and window preferences had changed , for example instead of my desktop color , a neutral gray , the desktop was black . There are only 3 full length and 18 section GRE tests . As for the portable flash cards , forget it . Do n't think of them so much as flash cards , as a list of words on a sheet of paper with the definition next to the word . Oh and if you want Math flash cards just forget it as you ca n't print them . When I say you ca n't print them I do n't mean my printer failed to print I mean the button to print flash cards disappears for the math flash cards but appears for the vocabulary cards . The last major grievance I have with this product is the interface . I do n't know who designed this product but they must have been designing kindergarten software before this . The interface for a graduate admissions test prep program is a brightly colored animated cartoon , with occasional video of people talking superimposed on top . If you are like me , wishing to enter grad school , cartoons do n't interest you anymore , you just want to be able to use the program , print flash cards , learn lessons and practice test without all the cartoons and bubbly brightly colored interface.My recommendation is obviously not to buy this product , I would have really liked to give this product negative stars , and from what I have seen of other Kaplan products I would stay away from them as well . I wish I knew a no non-sense software program , I could recommend to help with preparing for the GRE . I have found the Princeton Review books helpful , but their CD 's are not without problems as well , but far less than Kaplan 's . I should note that I own the CD-ROM version , but according to Kaplan 's website it 's the same software on the DVD as CD-ROM , so I felt I should post this review here as well .
 The service from the seller was great very quick ! But I can not use the disc on my laptop because it is too old : -LRB-
 i bought this item because i thought it would help making a brochure a lot easier . it 's even more time-consuming - placing text and objects - and it does n't have enough images . i do n't recommend this software .
 Not much fun in producing the mediocre . Definitely not professional as advertised . Try another product , or stick to Microsoft Publisher .
 We 've tried installing it on 3 of our computers , but so far it says it can not be used on our systems . Tried calling the company , but being left on hold . I wonder why it 's so difficult to use ? Looks cute though . I 'm hoping to eventually figure it out .
 Initially , I thought this box would be a decent and adequate as a firewall product , but then between many little bugs and frequent stress from network outages , my opinion gradually changed . Their were many small problematic bugs with their proxy filters for web and mail . There web filter bugs hampered the newer Windows XP system update process , and with mail filter bugs , users were not receiving important e-mail from clients . Specifically , one mail problem was with the ** standard ** ESMTP BDAT style of mail , which Exchange 2003 uses.After talking with their tech support -LRB- after hefty re-instatement and support costs -RRB- , we found the product has not been tested with Windows 2003 . Excuse the sarcasm here , but it 's almost 2005 , and 2005 minus 2003 is like um two years . Does this mean their product will only tested with major operating systems two years after the fact?We had numerous problems with this box due to network outages with the firebox crashing and restarting -LRB- these bugs related to PPoE negotiations -RRB- . We tried to search for support documents and firmware updates , but these were unavailable without a pricy support contract . I do n't know if my opinion is shared , but this seems quite distasteful.We had no choice but to purchase the support , but were unable to until we paid more money for the right to be able to purchase support . They called this process `` re-instatement '' . In our recent adventure , we wanted to use this box as a branch VPN using the standard L2TP/IPSec . We found that site-to-site VPN only work with other firebox models , and to get support for the standard , we have to purchase a license for it.Lastly , this product is built around Linux and uses freeware tools . It just seems wrong to have all these creative schemes to loosen pocket books of unsuspecting users and businesses with free software .
 I wanted to organize my finances , and friends have recommended using quicken . I have a degree in finance and work at a software company , and this has to be the most confusing program I have ever used . Entries are constantly being placed into the wrong categories , payments to credit cards are showing up as INCOME and EXPENSES at the same time . Transfers between checking and savings keep showing up as income on reports -LRB- by quicken 's estimate , I am making 4x my salary in income just because I move money between accounts . -RRB- I think I am going to dump this program and use Excel instead ... I spend aboout 3 hours every week just trying to get everying to balance , and this program is taking a lot longer than it would do do things by hand . I 've been trying to get ths software up and running for over 3 months , and it just does n't work , period . Quicken
 I have been using Quicken since `` Quicken 4 '' on my Mac . It WAS a great program . This version is okay except for the investment portfolio . It is full of bugs , and is not at all intuitive -LRB- ironic , eh ? -RRB- . Further , you can not simply `` fudge '' and enter your historical transactions ... so my cash balance is wrong , and impossible to correct . After researching online , it is clearly a bug that Inuit will not even acknowledge.Hopefully they will get their act together for 2005 , otherwise , I 'm out of there !!
 I want to state that I 've been with Quicken since the DOS Version.Quicken Deluxe 2004 does appear to have some problems . After installing it it locked up once while attempting to customize a report . Also after backing up the data it puts a icon `` Q3 '' on my desktop?If you currently have Quicken Deluxe 2003 I would suggest that you stay with that version for another year . -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 Intuit continues to produce complicated and non-user-friendly software . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS junk if you have any of the following
 I have used Quicken for over 10 years . This version is probably the worst yet . It reserves huge amounts of screen real estate for Quicken advertisements and messages . Two examples of the steps backwards
 I 've been using this program since way back when and loved it . But then I was forced to upgrade because they are no longer supporting Quicken 2000 -LRB- which I have used for ages without problems -RRB- . I could n't even register the program . Contacted support and they `` helped '' out with suggestions such as `` disable your firewall '' which we know how risky it can be , `` uninstall and re-install in a new folder '' , `` install in Safe Mode '' , this last option did n't even work ... After comings and goings I 've decided to return the product for a refund and start looking for another option . Bought TurboTax too and it 's the same crap.Guess the game 's over for Intuit .
 I , too , upgraded to 2004 because of the fact that Intuit says they will no longer update my portfolio prices from Quicken 2000 . I wish I had read these reviews first ! I am disappointed . There seems to be no additional functionality , -LRB- at least any that would be useful to me -RRB- . Thus , the changes in layout , look and feel seem gratuitous . What I found most frustrating is that I can no longer enter transactions into my investment accounts as though they are simple checkbook transactions , now I have to fill out an entire un-intuitive form for a simple thing such as a stock dividend . In old Quicken I could enter my 16 share dividend on a security . Now * I * have to figure out exactly point-how-many-shares is being paid per share held . To top it off I ca n't even access Quicken 's calculator function while I 'm in the transaction screen . This seems to be a classic case of an unnecessary upgrade . Quicken was so much simpler and functional before . I would much rather Intuit had simply started charging for the portfolio update data !
 I have used Quicken since 1990 , upgrading along the way . Well , they fixed it until it broke with no warning whatsoever . Quicken 2003 was very good - then this !!! I do n't understand how this version made it to the shelf.The interface is horrible - cluttered and non-intuitive . The historically wonderful investment management portion of the software has been rendered useless by eliminated any register views of investment accounts . Embedded solicitations for Intuit products make it easier to get a loan , sign up for a credit card or enroll is some other financial service with Intuit than it is to reconcile your check book.If you are a Quicken 2003 or earlier user , I can not emphasise enough at how bad this version really is . Not only should you not even consider 2004 , but you had better start getting your information ready to move to another piece of software . If you are still maintaing your financial information in manilla folders and check book registers , I suggest you look elsewhere or stick with good old-fashioned paper .
 After wrestling with this piece of software for almost 4 months now , I have a better perspective . It is really as bad as the previous reviewers have stated . Using it for anything other than balancing your checking is not recommended . You simply can not trust the investment calculations that Quicken produces . I am now looking for alternate software to manage my investments.There are so many things wrong that one does n't know where to begin . Just one small example . When you minimize Quicken , the icon appears on the Windows taskbar . When you try to restore Quicken by clicking on this icon , it rarely works . Of course , it works correctly for every other program , but not Quicken . You then just either alt-Tab to get back to Quicken or minimize every other program on the desktop first . Annoying . But Quicken is full of annoyances.Quicken can not handle stock transactions correctly . It you do something as startlingly complex as automatic reinvestment of divdends into a security , Quicken increases the cost basis of the security by the amount of the dividend . Wrong ! There are numerous examples of this.In short , a very bad , very buggy , very annoying product which I wish I had never installed . One day very soon I will say `` Goodbye '' to Quicken forever .
 I have used Quicken for 10 years , and succesfully upgraded every year . I did n't even have a problem switching platforms from Mac to Windows . I just upgraded and converted my data files to Quicken 2004 . The program is completley buggy to the point of me not even being able to open it.I bought Money 2004 in an attempt to vote with my dollars , I returned Quicken and bought Money 2004 to no aviail . My automatic backup had copied over my 2003 backup with the 2004 files . Money 2004 can not import files from Quicen 2004 . Intuit can provide me with no further technical assitance , and I am stuck with software that crashes when I open it , at least until they release a patch .
 I have been fairly happy so far with Quicken , but this version is plain terrible.The upgrade seemed to go OK at first , and the setup reported it had all data converted . But as soon as the program ran for the first time , I was in for a surprise ! First of all , the program did n't even show up . Then , I relized that it was simply positioned somewhere off screen , so I could n't see it . I can maximize it through the task bar , and sometimes , I can move it using the keyboard . But doing this every time it starts up is a pain!Also , many things just do not work . For instance , the net-worth graph is totally broken if you show more than a year of data . And if you dare to change the date range more than once or twice , the program crashes to the desktop . If you do that a few times , you have to reboot your machine , because Quicken crashes on startup!Also , I just plain hate how Quicken now keeps make you do certain things a certain way . This seems to get worse with every version . It tries to upload all your financial data to the web . It also tries to sucker you into all kinds of other deals Quicken offers . There are advertisements all over the place . And there are a number of dialogs that come up every time and you can ' get rid of . Reconcile a credit card account and it asks you ever time whether you want to write a check . No , I do n't , thank you ! -LRB- I am paying my CCs online -RRB- . Next time again
 To start with let me tell you that I was a very big fan of Quicken and in discussions with friends relating to personal finance I always recommended Quicken and boasted about how it makes managing money simple and satisfying . Well ! no more . I was forced to upgrade to Quicken 2004 from Quicken 2000 as Intuit decided to stop online transaction download and technical support of the earlier product . What a horrible upgrade ! Its actually a downgrade . I ca n't even recognize it as a member of the Quicken family of products . First of all the UI design is as anti-ergonomic as possibly can be . The online download does not allow you to compare transactions and enter them in the register on the same screen . You have to go to each individual account , after download to commit the transactions . The account registers look as if they had been sent to dry clean and bleach . They are as blatantly colorless as possible . One of the main philosophy of Intuit was to make the account registers look like checkbooks with 2 shades of color in each entry . Forget it ! Calendars do not work . Worse ! The reporting facility is absolutely flabergasting . The income and expense report some how rolls over all the transfers as part of income , making it impossible to do an honest cash flow analysis . The report period gets reset every time you hit the back button . And the graphs are actually wrong.Reconciling has become very difficult , somehow the program unsettles all my previously reconciled statements and discovers a gap between the starting account balance and the statement balance . I can go on and on , but its nauseating enough . Wonder where did they outsource this product to ! Wherever it is , Intuit better watch out they are in the process of outsourcing a big chunk of their customer base to Microsoft .
 I have been using new version for about a month , today got a sort of memory error that causes Quicken to shutdown . They do n't have a fix . I am stuck . Tried reloading software , did n't fix problem . This has to do with Net Worth graphs looking at more than 12 months of data . Tried running performance reports and could never get any % always got N/A . DO NOT UPGRADE
 This version of quicken is by far the worst release yet . I will not purchase the program again.The program has several bugs ... the more serious one forces the user to shut down the program in the middle of transactions and reboot quicken . A call to quicken revealed that Intuit is well aware of this bug and the rep told me `` they are working on a fix '' Apparently the program was not fully tested prior to its release.At least not enough to find this bug.To add insult to injury , intuit has the nerve to place annoying advertising within the program . There is a button with the quicken mastercard logo . If you click on that button you will be taken to the quicken services home page where they will attempt to sell you other quicken services such as quicken bill-pay and quicken mastercard . The programs user interface , in my opinion , is gaudy , much too busy and not at all professional looking ... hardly the kind of user interface that would inspire confidence in the softwares ability to handle my financial transactions in a safe , secure and professional manner . Quicken has obviously lost sight of the value of simplicity . The interface is jamed with information whick requires the user to be extremely cautious -LRB- slow -RRB- least you click on the wrong button and delete your files . As a used of prior versions of quicken I am quite familiar with the program and can remember when quicken was streamlined , concise and fun to use.Anyone considering the purchase of the program should first try the trial version so that unlike me , if you do not like the software you will not be stuck for the purchase price .
 If you are looking to purchase Quicken 2004 or upgrade , do not waste your time . This is the biggest joke on consumers yet!I have been loyal Quicken user for years and years and recently upgrade -LRB- from 2002 to 2004 -RRB- , what a mistake ! This new version will not let me preform any actions without displaying an error and crashing . And like the other reviews , I have called the support line and have had no luck with help from them unless I want to pay almost $ 2.00 a minute . Even if I did make that mistake and pay for help , I do not believe they would be able to fix all of the problems ! I can ' y even back my data up without getting an error message . I have since re-installed version 2003 and now have no errors ? Seems to me that if a company was to issue / sell a software product that they could at least supply the buyer some support when it does not work correctly.I have had good luck with version 2003 but after this experience have since downloaded ` Money ' . Ca n't say if I will switch , but gaurantee I will not buy another upgrade of Quicken .
 Save your money . I just uninstalled Quicken 2004 after 5 frustrating days and went back to the 2003 version . I have been a loyal Quicken user for as long as I can remember and plop down the $ $ to upgrade each year . Whoever was in charge of this release should lose their job . One Step Update flat out does not work in 2004 . The product hangs the system for no reason all the time , and seems to be just slower than any previous release . Further , I was unable to find a single new feature of note to justify the $ 59 upgrade price . If they fix the bugs , especially One Step Update , then maybe I will give it another try , but so far this looks like an absolute waste of money . I am going to give MS Money a good hard look .
 I 've been a Quicken user since Managing Your Money evaporated . I 've been upgrading to the new annual versions every year in the hope the product defects and in-program advertising were either eliminated or corrected . They get worse every year . If you want to use the simplest portions of the program , it 'll probably be okay for you . But if you use it for all your household finances , you 'll find frustrating problems that the manufacturer does n't seem to want to correct and they charge for support . Free support is available online , but after hours of writing back and forth with support personnel , most problems are handled with the description , `` Product Defect '' . Good luck , and checkout other programs . Better yet , write Andrew Tobias an email and ask him to bring Managing Your Money back .
 I have been using quicken since 1995 . Never had any problems with the 2001 edition . But watchout for the 2004 version . It is by far the worst software I have ever purchased . Do not upgrade if you have older versions of quicken .
 This program is not an improvement on Quicken 2003 , which was easier to use . It simply made things more complicated . It is now more difficult to enter stock sales and mutual fund transactions.What a pain !
 I 've been a quicken user for years and this version has got to be the worst yet . I do n't know why I even bother to try and get support since it 's virtually non-existent . Though if you want to see all the Intuit Product Ads all over the place you 'll really like this program . I just wish that I was able to back-up my files like I used too .
 Like others , I was also asked to upgrade -LRB- from 2002 -RRB- and I did . What a mistake . Random bits of my brokerage data was lost and it has taken many months to get it back in order . Reconcilation is a pain with lots of screen delays on my PIII 500 . The bugs keep popping up . For example , my security list can not remember the Vanguard S&P 500 Index -LRB- VFINX -RRB- . I have to enter it as a new security each time I want to use it . Do I sound frustrated ? You bet I am . Watching this once great program turn into what is today will do that .
 Like most of the folks here I have been a Quicken user since the DOS days . It seems with every passing year Intuit gets more greedy and less customer oriented . Money is cheaper and , I bet , offers better support - MS at least does seem to recognize the need to keep users happy ! The annual Quicken `` upgrades '' , at an absurd price , are a joke . No real new functionality has been added to the program in years , but now they only support the `` current '' version so once your version is more than a year old you 're screwed - if you find a bug -LRB- and there are MANY !!! -RRB- either upgrade , pay a ridiculous fee for support that may or may not fix the problem , or you have to live with it . I have already made the switch from Turbo Tax to TaxCut , it looks like I 'll be switching to Money soon . By by Intuit , I hope you fail like you deserve to !
 I took ver 2004 out of my computer and reverted back to ver 2002 . The 2004 version screen is full of junk that takes up 71 % of the screen area . It is designed for novices and financial idiots.My advice is not to buy and hope Inuit come up with a usable version in the future .
 One of the bugs that I have isolated is that if you define more than 64 classes , it BOMBS . Since there was no help from Intuit , I was forced back to 2000 .
 Very long time Quicken user . 2004 edition has serious flaws.Extremely poor software testing . Planner calculations can notbe trusted . Support person had very limited understanding of product . Gave up after a wasted hour . I had to guide him !! Not worth the money they charge .
 I have spent most of the day trying to convert from Quicken 2000 which I was very happy with . I have used Quicken since version 4 . I have recommended it to many people . I was on the phone to India for 21/2 hours . At various points I was offered $ 1.95 per minute to answer a simple question like , why do I have to sign up for Quicken.com to continue when I do n't want to use it . The we spent 2 hours trying to get my data imported with the result that she said I should send in a CD of my Quicken 2000 data and pay them $ 200 and they would convert it . While I was on hold , I found the problem , a bug in the product that changed a negative number into a positive number in the translation . After getting it more or less working , I do a net worth graph and see that my net worth has changed by 60 % in one month -LRB- I wish -RRB- . Even if it worked , the interface is terrible.All of this was triggered by them breaking the program I had by removing the download support . Quicken 2000 was perfectly fine . Now they are going to force me to upgrade every few years . It takes me a full day to upgrade . That makes for a very expensive program as far as I am concerned.Don ' t buy it if you can help it .
 I wish I would have read these reviews first . MS Money ca n't convert this 2004 version yet and I know I ca n't go back to Quicken 2001 . Trust all of these bad reviews !
 I got this product at a major discount earlier in the year where it sat on one of my shelves until today . Installation was fair enough but as many reviewers say I immediately noticed all of the advertising garbage strewn throughout the program . When it came to setting up my online bank accounts they all errored with error ol-332-a . I can download to the program from my credit card website in the web browser though but doing it from quicken I get ol-332-a -LRB- huh ? -RRB- . Then I tried to update the product to revision 5 and I get `` A patching engine error occurred . '' I downloaded the patches manually and the first patch says the same thing when trying to install it . No KB articles on their website of course . After coming here and reading some of the review it is obvious I should not take any further time attempting to troubleshoot . Garbage .
 I will start with the fact that I like the interface . I upgraded from 2000 -LRB- which I loved -RRB- because Intuit will no longer offer the online features with 2000 -LRB- makes me wonder if I 'm going to need to buy new software every year -RRB- . My data converted just fine . Now , however , I can not access any budget data . Anytime I try to look at my budget , I get a fatal error and the program shuts down . This goes for the `` overview '' information on all accounts as well . I was on the phone with Tech Support , who had me do a `` safe '' install ... that did n't work . They ended it by telling me that there is somehting else on my computer causing the problem . Gee , thanks . . Now I can not seem to go back to 2000 . Beware ... only upgrade if you can not live without the online stuff .
 Up until now I have been a very satisfied Quicken user and have used Quicken continuously since 1987 . Each year I update Quicken so as to have the latest product . It never occurred to me that Intuit would release a buggy product.I justed tried to install Quicken 2004 on my XP machine and it would not install . I continue to get this error message . `` Error 1311 source file not found E : \ disk1 \ Data1.cabI went to Quicken 's support web page and found this little nugget . `` If you are using Windows 2000 or XP contact Quicken customer support '' . At this point I decided to reinstall Quicken 2003 because it had always performed flawlessly . Guess what ? My Quicken 2003 would not reinstall and I got the same error message about not being able to find a source file.Fortunately , I was able to use Norton 's GoBack feature to return my pc to the way it was at midnight the previous night . Thus I am now able to continue to use Quicken 2003 . So my recommendation is if you need to update go with Quicken 2003 but definitedly avoid the 2004 model until it is fully debugged .
 I really hate to post this awful review , but it fits . I have used Quicken for 11 years , and been quite happy , most of the time . No more . Quicken 2004 's interface is unstable , which is annoying . The real problem is the handling of the data file.From Quicken 2.0 for DOS all the way though Quicken 2003 , I 've never lost data . Now , with Quicken 2004 , Intuit has corrupted my data file 3 times in the last 2 months . I do not have time to re-enter and re-build my data file every month.Goodbye Intuit . I would revert back to Quicken 2003 , but Intuit 's support is sub-par also . Right now , their site is down . The 800 number needs a credit card to bill too.We 'll see how Microsoft handles my data in Money 2004 .
 Since Intuit has stopped providing stock updates and online account downloads for Quicken 2000 , which I have been using for quite some time now , I was forced to upgrade to Quicken 2004 . It is TERRIBLE ! I use the X-Mouse settings of Tweakui - Quicken 2004 does n't work well in that environment - it likes to pop-up lots of different windows and when my mouse would leave the window it would automatically minimize - very annoying . Intuit 's only recommended solution is to not use the x-mouse setting . The Quicken 2004 budget screens are awful compared to the nice simple budget `` spreadsheet '' in Quicken 2000 . The `` Financial Summary '' Net Worth is incorrect because it does not include hidden accounts . Their recommended solution - do n't hide accounts - that 's fine , except I have many years of data and many old , currently unused accounts . Quicken 2004 is so bad that I tried a demo of MS Money , it also was n't that good so I ended up going back to Quicken 2000 - I 'd rather manually enter all of my stock/bank transactions than deal with the terrible Quicken 2004 interface ...
 One star is probably harsh , but having worked on QUicken 98 for six years , this latest release sucks . You can no longer enter investment data directly into the register ; must use a pop-up screen that covers up the register.Too much clutter on the screens . Too much information that 's not essential.Finally , I now have browser problems that did not exist before the installation of QUicken 2004 . SOmebody needs to develop a competitive product .
 I have Quicken 2004 Primier . It has been a disaster from the first day . I have used Quicken since the DOS version 4 . This is the worst software I have ever encountered . On first installation I encounterd some errors culminating with a memory reference error . When I was able to get the program to run , my data was incorrect . I have gone back and forth to Quicken 2001 while I waited for `` Escalated Quicken Support '' to get back to me . But now Quicken 2001 Delux is not supported for Financial downloads . I am again waiting because they lost the last email I sent them . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT .
 I 've been using quicken for over 10 years . I recently tried to upgrade from the 2003 version . My data was corrupted and I had to reinstall the 2003 version to get my data back . If you have more than 7 years of data the coversion may be lost with the upgrade . Stick to the 2003 version and save your money . Intuit has absolutely no tech support so good luck trying to get help from them .
 I have never written a review for any product before . However , I just `` upgraded '' from Quicken 2001 to 2004 . It is so full of bugs it is nearly impossible to use . FIrst , it crashed my brand-new top-of-the-line computer multiple times when I tried to load it on . When I finally got it to work and entered in all my account information , it only worked until my first online data download . Then the files became corrupted.This would all be bad enough if you could get some decent technical support , but Quicken 's live online support crashes both of my computers and the FAQs are worthless . After searching around the web for quite some time , all I was able to find out was that other people were having similar problems.I finally called technical support , but they charge $ 1.95 a minute for support from India . I did n't think it was possible to find worse support than from Microsoft , but Intuit has managed to not only put out a completely unusable product , they 've also managed to come up with completely criminal support . DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM !!!!
 Boy , I really wish I 'd come here to read reviews prior to buying Quicken 2004 on a whim . I 've been a loyal Quicken user since , oh , I do n't know when . More than 10 years . This is by far the worst update they 've ever done .1 . The upgrade recommended combining my investment and related cash accounts . However , the conversion failed without giving me an option to back out . It simply instructed to go through a laborious manual process . Now that 's bad design , folks . And it 's a poor way to treat your customers.But it does n't end there . Intuit substantially redesigned the interface . For the most part , I did n't care either way . However , they made dramatic changes to the register that substantially impact its usability .1 . They 've dedicated the bottom third of the screen to information that I do n't need 80 % of the time . They did n't even bother to make the borders adjustable , and I ca n't make it go away .2 . When downloading register data in previous versions , the ` accept ' button was fixed in a location just above the data . This was nice . One could simply click it repeatedly as the records scrolled down the screen . In the new version , they 've moved the ` accept ' button to the individual data records . Thus , every time you ` accept ' a record , the button moves . It 's a constant process of chasing the button . And it 's tiny . But worse , they 've aligned the ` accept all ' button directly below the bottom record . Thus , when you 're chasing it , it 's all too easy to accidentally ` accept all ' . And when you do , my friends , you 're screwed . There 's no reviewing and no turning back .3 . It was very easy to add transactions in the old investment register . Enter date , tab , enter transaction type , tab , enter security , tab ... . etc , then < enter > . Almost never had to touch the mouse . In the new version that 's all gone . Every transaction requires a pop-up window . And this is poorly designed as well . Several fields have drop-down windows that cause the entire main pop-up to pause and ` blink ' away while it refreshes the data . The fields are poorly laid out , it 's akward to use.I 've never had any complaints with previous versions . I absolutely , unequivocally hate this . It is the worst software I 'm currently using , bar none.The primary reason I never migrated to MS Money was loyalty . In this version , Intuit has removed the last reason not to switch to Microsoft . They 've outdone them at their own game by creating an interface that is awkward , hard to use , and creates more work for a simple transaction than any previous version.This is absolutely the worst $ 60 I 've ever spent .
 If I were n't so angry about the forced upgrade , I 'd really feel sorry for Intuit . They 've obviously got a dog of a product -LRB- I mean - have you ever seen so many 1 star reviews ? -RRB- , and they 're forcing people to upgrade to it . I experienced more crashes in the first day than I had in 17 years of previous Quicken use -LRB- this was with the upgrade to R5 ! -RRB- . I think the original Quicken was possibly the best piece of PC software ever written - high quality , fast , and easy to use . What did they do - outsource all the SW & QA work ? Who knows .
 I 've used Quicket since 1998 and upgrade every two years . Bought this product almost two months ago -LRB- wish I 'd read these reviews -RRB- and have had nothing but problems . It keeps crashing and so I went to the web site and did an product update . Stopped crashing but then all of my data was corrupted . -LRB- Said I had a net worth of $ 2.4 million -RRB- Did the online help and they told me to uninstall and reinstall & upload the updates and then go back to my original data from when I first converted to 2004 . Did this and had to re-enter all information from about three weeks . Data continues to become corrupted with faulty reporting . I have spent countless hours reloading and updating and finally gave up . Found an old 2002 file from first of January and I 'm in the process of installing 2002 back on and updating all transactions -LRB- stock dividends & investments ca n't be done automatically -RRB- . Do n't buy this product . A company as large as Intuit has to fix this . It 's a disgrace .
 I have used some version of Quicken for many , many years . Each time I have upgraded , the product was just a little bit better . I was crazy to upgrade from Quicken 2002 . This product is a mess . I have yet to work for more than 15 minutes without it freezing on me . You have to use brute force -LRB- the Task Manager -RRB- to get it to close so you can start again . The user interface is also a step in the wrong direction -- it is much less intuitive than Quicken 2002 . There are many more -LRB- though less severe -RRB- bugs in the product , but you 're better off not buying it and sticking to what you already have .
 I just spent an hour looking at Quicken 's Web site to find out why my version of Quicken Deluxe 99 no longer would connect with Quicken 's servers to download current stock prices on my holdings only to find out they no longer support my version or Quicken 2000 . Unbelievable . Like a gallon of milk , Quicken software should start carrying an expiration date . They offered a `` deal '' to upgrade for $ 39.95 that I considered but after reading these reviews -LRB- they are putting their ads on the user interface ? Ugh ! -RRB- I feel forced to switch to MS Money instead . The decision to no longer support versions of their software that are just four years old has definitely backfired . After 14 years of using Quicken software -LRB- started in the DOS days -RRB- , it 's seems time to say adios to Quicken . Thanks to everyone here for warning me !
 I have used Quicken for over 10 years . This version is probably the worst yet . It reserves huge amounts of screen real estate for Quicken advertisements and messages . Two examples of the steps backwards
 For some reason , typing into the payee or memo fields of the register is extremely slow . There is a very perceptible and annoying lag between pressing a key and seeing the character show up on the screen . This is on a 2.8 GHz Pentium 4 with a gigabyte of memory . I 'm truly astounded that Intuit could manage to screw up something so simple !
 Started setting up accounts in September of ' 03 . I have LOST all files through file corruption 3 times . The last was tonight at 23:05 ! Quicken hasno support and has lost my business for good . On-line accounts never balance ... I absolutely wonder what is happening to this once fine company ... Scarry , I just bought their Tax programme tonight ... Hope the same programmers have n't been at work !
 What happend ??? Quicken used to be so great and easy to use . The new 2004 is shockingly different ! I would have never upgraded from 2002 if I new how bad the new interface was . I want my old account register back not that thing on the side this whole program should not have been released . I implore inuit to release 2004 in the old style or at least give us choices . No bugs , just a poorly designed program .
 Have been using Quicken for MANY years . Was tempted to buy Quicken 2004 but after reading the reviews decided to stay with Quicken 2002 . It has bugs but at least I know where they are.I recently ordered Quicken checks ... What a pain ... the on-line software did not work and the first guy that I talked to in India could not speak understandable english . However , the second person was able to help me spend my money.I will never buy another upgrade from Intuit again . I hope that by boycotting them they will get the message . If enough of customers refuse to buy maybe they will do something about their poor quality products and services .
 I got this software and installed it . Got Error 1311 about not able to read the file . I had a solution to that by copying it to the hard drive and then installing it from there . it installed successfully this time and now I am going to use it and find out how it works . . Good luck with the install .
 I actually have Quicken 2004 in my shopping cart and was ready to check out - until I read the testimonials . Thank you everyone for the warnings . I 'll stick with Quicken 2000 .
 I have been using Quicken for 13 years . Although I was unhappy with the Quicken 2003 -LRB- to which I had upgraded from Quicken 2000 -RRB- largely because of the crowding of the register to the point where it could not be read easily at least THAT version functioned . The new Quicken 2004 upgrade is FULL OF BUGS . Hidden accounts randomly reappear and there is no way to get rid of them . Popups advertising Intuit products interrupt one 's work constantly and can not be removed . The stock market quotes ' download does not function at all . Intuit 's technical support has been moved to India and Intuit has failed to inform and train that staff about the bugs . They have not issued patches or revised software . -LSB- They 're still `` working on it '' , three months after discovery of the bugs in August . -RSB- I lost 13 years of data in five separate databases and despite three backups , could not retrieve it because the backups were corrupted by the new buggy software . Intuit 's President 's office at Intuit has been nasty and unsympathetic . The best advice I have is
 I have used Quicken for many years . I also use Quickbooks . So , I am a pretty sophisticated user . I wo n't quibble about the Quicken interface . My real issue is that I use the program mainly for tracking investments , including stock options -LRB- puts and calls -RRB- . After all these years , I have many defined securities including many , many options . Suddenly , the program will not let me add a new security ; to do so I must rename an old security with the security edit feature . Quicken online support wo n't answer even the question of whether or not there is a limit on the number of securities that you can have -- they refer you to the $ 1.95 per minute support service . Also , the program was touted as importing option prices . It does n't . As an attempt to `` patch '' the security name problem which I suspect is an undocumented limit on the number allowed -LRB- with a step that may or may not work , but will apparently cost me the ability to track financial history -RRB- , I tried to use the `` new year '' feature to try to cut down the file size . But the program refuses to copy my file or make the conversion . I am now going to try Microsoft Money to see if that will work . I am generally anti-Microsoft , so this move pains me , but Quicken apparently no longer serves my needs .
 As a long time Quicken user who upgraded from 2001 to 2004 , I can not believe what has happened to the program and the support for Quicken . I must agree that there are many bugs and I have lost and have had corrupted all of my investment and personal financial information . I have been online with little success from people who do n't really understand . They apparently are using scripted responses . My spouse is a CPA and we have used Quicken for many years . We have now tried using Microsoft Money 2003 , but the reports are poor and it is challenging to use in some areas . I suggest using older versions of Quicken . If I could only easily reenter all of my information to Quicken 2001 !! Intuit did similar tricks with Turbo Tax last year . I agree with previous reviewers about their `` forced '' use of online services . I would be interested to hear from knowledgeable software people to see if they add cookies etc. to our computers as they did with Turbo Tax 2002 . Good Luck
 This is one of the worst pieces of software I 've ever purchased ! New features have in recent versions have been minimal with even major bugs not being fixed . I installed this version and was not able to import my previous data , nor run with the sample data for more than a few minutes without a GP . I called tech support but they wanted to charge for support and they have no online support . I 've since returned the software .
 After using Quicken for the past 11 years , I can say through experience that this is the worst product they 've ever released . I have used this version for 2 days , and I 've reported 5 bugs , and at least 2 of them are critical . I 've posted the following on various newsgroups : Income/Expense graphs show internal transfers as actual income and expense , in spite of checking the `` Exclude Internal Transfers '' option . This renders the reporting options effectively unusable . 2003 worked fine , broken in 2004 . Net Worth graph on home page can not show more than 12 months . If it does , program crashes on startup and corrupts data file . Rate change on a closed loan causes program crash . Backup option always prompts for overwrite , even if you have checked the `` Do not show this next time '' option . Version 2004 causes cursor stuttering or response lag while typing within the application.My advice , as an experienced and knowledgeable longtime Quicken user , wait at least 6 months for bug fixes , and even then , be skeptical . I am VERY disappointed that Intuit would let such a weak product slip out the door like this . I plan to mail my copy back to Intuit for a full refund . For anyone else who learns the hard way like I did , the Intuit address for refunding your purchase within 60 days is : Intuit , Inc.Returns Department6060 Nancy Ridge DriveSuite 100San Diego , CA 92121-3290
 Like many reviewers here , I wish there were a NEGATIVErating star for total junk like this . Also like manyreviewers here , I am a longtime Quicken user , since the DOSdays . Please do NOT purchase Quicken 2004 !!! Aside from theforced-upgrade thing , this new version has a klunky interface , numerous bugs -LRB- like wrong balances after data conversion -RRB- , and all the `` special offer '' messages suggest Quicken 2004contains more spyware than a recent Outlook virus . I haveun-installed and am now evaluating both GNUcash and Money.I repeat
 What a huge mistake to upgrade ... I 've been using Quicken for 12 years , -LRB- just upgraded from Quicken ' 98 -RRB- and this version is a shameless leap backward . Everything is less elegant , and there is Quicken marketing taking up screen space at every turn . All the bugs have made online stock price updates completely out of the question , and worse , Quicken has acted surprised that people are disappointed !! Now that I 've had it for several weeks , I 'm stuck because any entries made since the so-called upgrade ca n't be restored into an older version.Do yourself a favor and just stick with whatever version you 're using . There is nothing here that you need , and take it from all of those of us writing ... RUN WHILE YOU CAN !! IT 'S NOT TOO LATE FOR YOU TO SAVE YOURSELF !!
 Quicken 2004 users who have used managed their finances with Quicken for a long time will have to agree that Intuit seems to keep complicating the process with each new release.I 've been a Quicken user since 1991 , so it pains me a great deal to give this product such a lousy review . I either agree with or am ignorant about most of the previous reviewers ' complaints , but I have some to add of my own , most of them regarding the `` Reports '' features.First , for some silly reason , the Quicken 2004 programmers have decided to include account transfers in the income and expense categories . This means that a transfer of , say , $ 500 from your checking to your savings accounts will add $ 500 to both your income and your expenses for the period . This `` feature '' - fault , more like - can be turned off , but apparently you have to turn it off every single time you create a new report . Perhaps in a CPA 's world this is a technically precise way of looking at things - perhaps - but that 's why I 'm an engineer and not a CPA - I do n't want to deal with such silly stuff . I want to know how much I actually made and spent , not some strange number that includes real expenses and transfers between accounts.Another annoying feature is that once you hide an account , Quicken excludes past transactions on that account from reports . For instance , when I ran an income/expense report for 2003 , I noticed that most of my credit card interest was missing . I paid off the card last year and then cancelled it . Since I do n't have it anymore , I `` hid '' the account , so as not to have it cluttering up current accounts . But Quicken apparently thinks that all the interest I paid on that `` hidden account '' is irrelevant . Not to me , it ai n't . And the reports are n't aven showing the interest I 'm paying on my student loans -LRB- an active account -RRB- . Where that interest has disappeared to I have n't the faintest idea.Yet another nuisance is that when you first open a report , the program defaults to showing you transactions for the entire time that you have information in the register . That means that if you have transactions dating all the way back to 1995 , it 'll show them . I think that most people would prefer it to automatically default to the last or current month , but nothing doing ... It 's nice that Intuit sees the need to keep adding features to this program over the years . However , the more features it adds , the more and more cluttered the whole program becomes , the more and more difficult it becomes for those of us who just want an accurate view or our finances to have the faintest idea of what 's going on.I am not sure if Microsoft Money is any better -LRB- I strongly suspect it is n't -RRB- , but Intuit should know that the more difficult and buggy its flagship product becomes , the more and more tempted I am to wan na find out . People can forgive a lot of things , but when a company makes your finances so hard to comprehend , that one is hard to forget .
 I have been a very happy Quicken Home and Office user since 1997 . I upgraded to 2004 H&O because I also went from Win 98 to XP and thought a new release would likely work better . WRONG ! After trouble migrating my old data and having some balances get scewed up -LRB- still ca n't find the missing transactions , I then downloaded the R3 patch . Things seemed to be looking up . Last night I created and printed some invoices , shut down normally and today , I started the program to find that it hangs at startup . After several COMPLETE and THOROUGH uninstall/reinstalls to different drives , and checking and defragging my drives with Norton , running Norton AV , the program WILL NOT open ANY of my backups from the last three months . No QDATA files produced by 2004 can be opened by a clean version of 2004 . It is as if every backup I ever made with 2004 is now corrupted . And I am using copies of the originals -- so there is no way the software corrupted the originals.I spent nearly all day on the phone with tech support -LRB- now they are in New Delhi , India -RRB- and there is NO resolution thus far . the best thing I can do is VALIDATE and SUPERVALIDATE and that ERASES three months worth of transactions from the file -- literally reduces the file size by 1.2 meg -- no matter which file I use as input to the process . I have backups that are a day old , a week old a month old , two months old -- a CLEAN install will not read any of them and validate deletes three months worth of transactions from the file before it becomes readable . THIS IS A NIGHTMARE!DO NOT UPGRADE to the VERSION . YOU WILL REGRET IT . SERIOUSLY.I run two businesses off of Quicken and I am HOSED .
 Quicken 2004 Deluxe is a big disappointment . I have used Quicken for years now , and recently decided to upgrade from Quicken Deluxe 2002 to 2004 . Unfortunately , I have found that the 2004 interface is less elegant , slower , harder to use , and much more confusing.Unless you like lots of screen flickering , windows minimizing and maximizing seemingly beyond your control , and Quicken 's nonstandard way to manage the windows in which you 're working , then stick with your older version of Quicken , or check out Microsoft Money .
 This is my first time to write a customer comment . Unfortunately , I come to bury Quicken not praise it.I was perfectly happy with Quicken 2000 . Intuit forced me to upgrade by denying me the online quote service to track my investments . OK , fine , its been awhile , so I shell out -LSB- $ -RSB- for the upgrade . It has been a nightmare ever since ... First off , when importing my financial data it duplicated one transaction over 26,000 times in the database so my account balances were off by millions of dollars . There was no way to edit the database to correct the problem . After hours of lame customer service I was forced to reinstall the whole dang thing and input the offending data manually.When I tried to do a file backup the system crashed with a `` file-in-use '' error . I finally got it to a semi-working state for several weeks until now it crashes with delayed write errors and low-level memory address corruption . The last straws.This kind of crap is completely inexcusable . Stay away ! Use a spreadsheet , or even ledger paper and pencil , but do not trust your finances with this outfit !!!
 Each new version of Quicken seems to arrive with a screen more cluttered than the last . This is the last version that I will be buying.I updated to Quicken 2004 hoping that it would finally become easier to use but it definitely is not . The screen is a cobbled up maze that is very difficult to follow and trying to do file operations is next to impossible . Some operations that I need to perform will have to wait because their `` help '' appears to have been written by someone from another planet . The instructions they give just do not work and in many cases , are wrong.I would love to go back to Quicken 2000 or Quicken 2001 but they fix it so the data can not be read by their older versions.I am going to try an older version Microsoft Money soon if I can find one and if it will convert Quicken 2004 data .
 Like many other users that have rated this product , I am a long time user of Quicken-9 years in my case with upgrades about every 2 years -LRB- Quicken Deluxe being the last one -RRB- . Unlike others , I had no installation problems or problems with bringing in the data file from my previous version . I also have n't had any problems with crashes or `` glitches '' with the program , but to be honest , I have n't used it all that much since I found a certain feature to be unavailable with this version.I found out I am unable to export/download any transactions from my financial institutions into Quicken 2004-it is not supported . Previous versions have had the ability to convert files directly . My banking institution -LRB- s -RRB- do not convert data into qif files anymore , only MSMoney or csv format . After trying to find help/info on Intuit 's websight with no success -LRB- I refuse to pay for tech support for a newly purchased product -RRB- I asked for help from my financial institution.Their reply
 I have NEVER seen a commercial release of software this buggy before in my 20 years as a computer user . Almost every button does nothing , it hangs all the time , the online functionality is a complete failure -LRB- never even runs when you click the button -RRB- , the download of the original software takes hours and locks your computer up -LRB- the download of msft money takes 7 minutes in contrast -RRB- . DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE . I fiddled with it for 2 hours , and then promptly demanded -LRB- and got -RRB- a refund .
 There are a lot of negative reviews here about Quicken 2004 , and they 're all true . I despise Microsoft for it 's arrogant behavior , and it pains me greatly to thrash a product like Quicken knowing that the only alternative is Microsoft Money -LRB- which I have never used -RRB- . But Quicken 2005 is a horrid piece of software . I have used and loved Quicken since 1995 and I would hope that Intuit could fix this . But Quicken 2004 and 2005 are wretched , dangerous programs that can lose all of your fiancial data and Intuit does n't seem to care one cent.First , Quicken - which never used to have any problems whatsover - is now unstable . Numerous users report errors , crashes , and the like . Mine has n't been able to backup the data file since a month after installing . I have reinstalled Quicken several times , copied my data files , etc. . . I have twice reformatted my HDD and started from scratch and this problem still reappears . Quicken tech support is no help at all . Not being able to trust your financial software and not being able to autoamtically make backups disqualifies this software from consideration by anyone but fools.On top of all this , every corner of this application seems to be a come-on for an Intuit service . I do n't buy software to be barraged with ads or sales portending to be features.Finally , Quciken kept crashing every time I tried to exit the program . Scary . After tech support was no help , I figured out that it was conflicting with MS Office 2003 's speech-to-text software engine -LRB- even though I never intended to install this -RRB- . When I called Intuit support to tell them what I found they did n't care.I dislike Microsoft , but I do n't see any choice . It has to be better than this .
 This is by far one of the worse computer programs that I have tried in recent history.Like other reviewers , I am a longtime Quicken user . The installation process was horrendously painful . The program does not interface well with Windows XP Professional , and it has serious problems operating over a network . `` Tech '' support is hardly supportive . Moreover , Intuit wants to charge $ 1.99 / minute just to get its piece of junk installed on your computer . I spoke with an IT specialist at my office , and he confirmed the program was poorly designed.I would strongly recommend that you not purchase this program . Stick with your current program ; find an old version of Quicken ; balance your check book old school style ; or use an abacus . Whatever you do , do n't purchase this program .
 Intuit does NOT seem to want to attract users from the competition -- a losing strategy . I am having one nightmare after another trying to get my data from MS Money 2003 into Quicken . The `` Data converter '' is a joke - it converts credit card accts as checking accts and there is no option to change the account type afterwards . I tried converting via QIF export/import -- but guess what ? MS Money does a great job of QIF export -LRB- I checked in a text editor -RRB- but the import into Quicken is a mess . Just for kicks , I tried reimporting some data I had exported from Quicken itself -- it was horribly messed up . After playing around with QIF files I created manually , I realized that the QIF import in Quicken is amazingly broken . . and they are even going to eliminate this in future releases . So no import/export anymore for Quicken ? Which genius thought this one up?I had been a longtime Quicken user from 95-2002 , but decided to try out the competition so switched to Money for 2003 . The data conversion was pretty flawless . On the whole , Money is quite decent , and actually does some things in a more intuitive way -LRB- for me -RRB- . However , I really miss the calendar in Quicken -LRB- Money 's only shows scheduled bills , not expenses -RRB- and Money 's `` background banking '' leaves some processes around that hog CPU & memory.Even tho ' I 'd prefer to switch back to Quicken , there seems no way to get my data back into it ... Numerous attempts with the live chat ` support ' -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- have led nowhere and damned if I 'm going to pay for fixing their bugs . The FAQ section might as well not exist . At least MSoft acknowledges their bugs on their support site . Sorry Intuit , you just lost to the competition . Now how do I get my $ 40 back ?! The product may work Ok for those upgrading from previous Quicken releases , but after seeing some of these bugs and enduring their tech support experience , I think the folks at MSoft have a better head on their shoulders and more resources at disposal , so better to stick with them in the long run . Who knows if Intuit will survive with this kind of poor attitude .
 I have been using Quicken since ' 94 , without incident . When I upgrade to Quicken 2003 , my problems began . I can no longer , consistenly , reconcile online accounts with Quicken because , on occassion , it stops displaying to downloaded transactions . This problem can only be resolved by un-installing and then re-installing Quicken . Of course , it then only works for a little while before I have to repeat the un-install/re-install process . Upgrading to Quicken 2004 not only exhibits the same problem , it introduced a new one . On occasion , it fails to load my data . To get around this problem , I make it a habit of backing up my data after each use , so that updates I have made are available when I have to restore . Tech support ? Forget about it , unless you have lots of bucks to spend .
 I was quite astonished when I upgraded to 2004 from 2002 . I thought I was two releases behind , so it would be prudent to upgrade . While the user interface changes -LRB- I question if it was for the better
 Received an email from my bank stating that Intuit will soon be discontinuing online banking for Quicken 2000 , and that I must upgrade to 2004 soon to continue to use online banking.Talk about forcing their hands in your pockets . I 've not seen anyone mention this yet . I think it 's abominable . I 'm switching to Money .
 This product is worthless . I have used Quicken for 20 years and had vertually no problems but I could not even get this version to install . The help desk was a joke so I threw the disk away . For now I am using Quicken 2002 but I am considering moving to Money . To be honest , I do n't like Microsoft anymore than Intuit but at least their product works.Do Not Buy ...
 I 'd give a negative star if I could.I 've used Quicken for many years , and this is a sorry , buggy excuse for a product . My 2002 Quicken did a better job and was easier to use . The 2004 Deluxe creates errors in data when it converts your old Quicken files , and this program can not add . The total of cash in reports does not match the total of cash in my portfolio . The helpful people at Quicken told me , `` Quicken can add fine . '' Some help -- NOT !!! Quicken 2004 Deluxe insists on creating a fractional share of stock when recording a split -LRB- 4 for 3 -RRB- and the fractional share of stock is calculated to more decimal places than the program will allow you to input as a sale . Thus , I have 0.0000137 shares of a stock that I ca n't get rid of . The new Quicken is just a buggy piece of junk that is designed to advertise the other Quicken services and products . Do n't use this product .
 This buggy , terrible software is an insult to customers who have been loyal to Quicken all these years -LRB- beginning , in my case , in 1988 -RRB- . Once received , nag messages can not be eliminated -LRB- there is a check-box titled `` Do Not Ask This Question Again '' on several features ... this does not work , ever -RRB- , Shortcuts return incorrect responses -LRB- e.g.
 In my thirty-seven years of existence I have never been agitated enough about a product to write a complaint letter / review ; however , Quicken 2004 is so horrible I just had to warn people . DO N'T ' BUT THIS PRODUCT.I have been a Quicken user for over 10 years , and I 'm just amazed at the poor quality of this release . The user interface is clunky and quite often flashes unnecessarily , on-line updates often fail , and one of my on-line accounts is de-activated because Quicken keeps sending the wrong password intermittently.And what genius decided to put the `` accept all transactions '' button so close to the `` accept a single transaction '' button . Twice now , I have accepted all transactions with invalid categories , because I mistook one button for the other.Buyer Beware !
 I have n't upgraded to Quicken 2004 because it seems , from the reviews I 've read here , to be even worse than Quicken 2003 , a disappointing product . I had read last year 's negative reviews , but upgraded again anyway , especially since I had been a satisfied Quicken user for years . Unfortunately , the negative reviews were right ! Besides being sluggish , several standard and necessary functions of the application were n't even included anymore . Intuit basically shrugged . Sadly , the company seems to have lost it 's way .
 One star only because I had to.Well Intuit has done it again . You do n't really need my thoughts here since it is well documented , but I will spend the time because it seems a more valuable use than troubleshooting Intuit 's software for them.I have been using , building , reparing , teaching PC 's since early 1982 and using Intuit products since their inception . Around the turn of the century , I had two companies and an individual tax return to manage and file.I had Quickbooks , TurboTax and Quicken developed and integrated to help me perform this function in under an hour for each return . Load TTax , import last year 's return , download from QB or Quicken , put in a couple of numbers and answer a few questions and you were done . Magnificent ! But not anymore.In the first of a one/two knockout punch , Intuit introduced the cDilla disaster with Turbo Tax . So , with considerable effort , I switched tax programs two years ago . No data transfer , no importing , starting from scratch ... a giant leap backwards for computer users . Well , from all of the fallout , did Intuit learn anything , of course not . When they shouted , `` mea culpa , '' I shouted too late , I 'm not going back , even if it causes me more pain.I hoped others would follow suit . Then my bank told me that to continue operating online , I needed to upgrade my Quicken 2000 , which has been working fine and has more functions than I require anyway . They even send me the program for free . I procrastinated as long as I could , but have become addicted to total automatic online functionality , so I bit . Dumb , dumber , dumbest . When will I learn.I urge you , if you are not an online junkie , NOT TO BUY INTUIT PRODUCTS , it only encourages them to do more of this BS .
 Do yourself a favor and save money by not buying this version of Quicken . Buy an older version instead if you are a loyal Quicken user . I have been upgrading my Quicken to newer versions every time there is a new release to Quicken since 1995 . This is the first time that I truly can say I HATE IT . It put transactions into wrong accounts . I could n't move the transactions to correct them . To say nothing of the awkward way to manually enter stock transactions . Heaven help you if you are n't doing an automatic download . After 2 months I had had enough and switched back to my older version of Quicken . I had to reload the transactions from those two months but it was worth it to avoid the continuing hassles . Granted my tax estimater is off but that is really the only drawback . And I wo n't even bother to address the spyware issues since everyone else reviewing that has gone on to great length about it . Buy this version at your own risk .
 Poor programming . Importing feature make errors repeatedly . Have to reinstall several times to get working with errors caused by quicken . Error messages blame financial institution but turns out to be quicken error . Overall I do not recommend quicken and wish I had read the rest of these comments before buying in the first place .
 I usually do n't write reviews that merely repeat others ' writing , but this product deserves it . The advertising is intrusive and pervasive . It is not just spread out on the desktop at installation , which is easily deleted , but is disguised as `` instructions '' or as the `` next step , '' and you ca n't delete it.The interface has a giant space for check number and a small space for a memo , and you ca n't change it . The `` forced upgrade '' is not just annoying but deserves a class action as a violation of consumer protection laws in our state -LRB- check with your attorney general 's office or office of consumer affairs -RRB- . Installation changes your data so if you use the product for a while with the thought that it might be customizable enough to be acceptable , you ca n't go back -LRB- other than to a backup of the old data -RRB- once you realize what a dud this is . The installation process requires going online , and sent us into endless loops.In short , I recommend avoiding this product . I would not use it even if it were free .
 For years I have entered at least 10 hours worth of data per month , and 2004 Quicken makes it MUCH more tedious . The interface is very non-intuitive and clunky , for example the shortcuts make no sense - press `` Alt G '' for `` Securities Bought , '' or `` Alt R '' for Securities Sold . The hard to see cursor moves slowly through fields and gets stuck in awkward places making it difficult to enter data . Quicken 2004 is a huge step back .
 I just wanted to add my additional comments that this software is absolutely lousy . I 've used Quicken since 2000 and the old version crashed occasionally and got used to working aroud it with lots of backups . But this is a new LOW in quality control . Not only does it crash regularly ! But it also trashes my data file . I too have spent countless hours trying to resolve the issue constantly restoring my data file and re-entering my data!I actually read that it was full of bugs but Intuit decided to no longer support my older version and I was forced to upgrade.What a piece of junk and what a lousy vendor !
 At first I was n't going to write this because I did n't want to pile on , but if it helps warn people , then it is worthwhile.Having been a Quicken user since it first came out , I have always loved this program and have upgraded every year . But in the last few releases -LRB- since 2002 -RRB- , this product has actually gotten worse , not just in terms of bugginess , but in terms of usability . Not only is Quicken 2004 full of bugs , but it takes longer to do many tasks ... for instance , I have to manually enter most of my downloaded brokerage transactions now because the program does not interpret most of the downloaded transaction properly.With each new version , this program is getting more cumbersome to use and more unreliable . And customer service , both in person and online support , has deteriorated to the point that it is useless . After over ten years of Quicken , I even downloaded a trial version of Microsoft Money for the first time , despite an extreme aversion for Microsoft software . Not sure that that is a great alternative but I am running out of patience . I have never seen a program `` devolve '' so badly in such a short period of time . What is happening at Intuit?Is there any other alternative out there ???
 Buggy software . Crashes on startup just about every time . Could n't get through to tech support so I switched over to Microsoft Money .
 I have been using Quicken since 1993 , most recently Quicken 2000 , on a 2003 Dell laptop . I received mail from Intuit stating , approximately , that old versions of Quicken would no longer be able to do Internet upgrades of data after May , 2004 and decided to upgrade to Quicken 2004 Deluxe from a CD.Big mistake!I attempted to install Quicken 2004 -LRB- after uninstalling Quicken 2000 as instructed -RRB- . I got this message
 Intuit is slowing destroying Quicken . Every year the user interface gets more confusing , etc , the program gets more buggy and the customer service gets worse . Take my advice ... if you just want a program to keep your checkbook on , or run a small business on , then try to find a old copy of Quicken for DOS ver8 . I have run it with no problems in Win 95,98 and Xp . IT IS MUCH EASIER TO USE THAN THE WINDOW VERSIONS and it actually came with a USER 's manual that was one of the best every written . You do n't have all the fancy online bill paying , etc of the windows versions , but for basic stuff you will run rings around a Quicken for Windows user . The basic program has not been improved one bit since this version !!! and the manual itself will help you a tremendously if you decide to go with windows version .
 I am on Windows 2000 -LRB- never any issues running ANY programs -RRB- I followed the simple instructions for installation . Now everytime I try to open the file my CPU maxes out at 100 % and the hourglass hangs forever . Until I kill the QA -LRB- QW.EXE -RRB- program using from 35,0000 K - 75,0000 K. NUTS for $ 45.00 . Of course Intuit 's useless helpdesk is closed when I need it and there is a little warning on my card that Customer Support / Tech Support may cost me something . Intuit you just do n't get it do you ? This is 2004 like you box says -LRB- not 1994 -RRB- . People do n't have to put up with a lousy product and `` Customer No Service '' . We have other choices ! I will let my feet do the talking and return this total waste of time . I believe I will try Money or Quick Books . For you folks who rated this 5 stars ... good luck one day you WILL need Intuit Customer / Tech Support .
 I was all set to purchase Quicken 2004 . I received the letter from Intuit stating they were discontinuing support and quote downloads for Q2000 . As always , I check Amazon 's customer feedback for products before I buy them . I have always been loyal to Intuit and bought their products , but last year 's TurboTax put me off , and this just put 's me off further . Thanks everyone .
 I have used Quicken since the beginning and have always found it easy to use and install -- until I upgraded to Quicken 2004 . I purchased a downloaded upgrade , and then my computer died -LSB- operating system issue -RSB- , and I had to reinstall it . You have to call to get a new key , a very frustrating experience . It took several phone calls and being on hold for at least 20 minutes . At one point they wanted to charge me -LSB- $ 24 -RSB- for getting a new key ! Earlier this year , I purchased a copy for my accountant to use , I thought I was getting Quicken Basic but I ended up with New User -- which does not allow you to import data -- totally useless ! I do not need the multiplicity of junk they 've thrown in -- most of which does n't work well anyway , so if you have to buy it , buy the cheapest version you can get away with.This will be the last time I buy it .
 I just bought this program because I have been a Quicken user for several years and lost my old disk and just decided to buy the new version . First of all when you make a payment / transfer from your Checking to a credit card it will count the payment as income on your income statement . Also the print option on this program does n't work at all . It wo n't even let me into the setup or options or anything . I 've tried & tried to get ahold of support and they charge $ 1.95 per min to help you fix a problem with they 're program . I 'm sorry but thats not how I do business . Personally I think I 'm going to take it back and look for another option .
 I , like many other reviewers , have used Quicken for many years . After using this product , I will never buy another update . The screens are cluttered with Quicken ads , so-called helpful hints pop up often , and there is no way to get rid of the noise . Fortunately , I copied my Quicken 2000 files to another directory before installing . I used 2004 for 2 days and went back to 2000 . I have uninstalled 2004 and thrown the Cd into the trash.I intend to continue using 2000 until it will no longer function . Hopefully , by then , someone else will come along with a better product .
 I have used Quicken 2001 for a while now . I really liked it . I finally broke down and decided to update to Quicken 2004 . I am really disappinted with several features.First , The 2001 version had a `` net savings '' category in the `` income and expense graph . '' This festure keeps tracks of how much money you are saving and it is date customizable . This feature is gone in the 2004 version , YIKES !!! It is replaced by a silly 30 day savings feature that is not date customizable . I used the 2001 net savings feature to keep track of my spending habits and my savings . Quicken 2001 helped me save at least 30 % of my income . Apparently the makers of the 2004 version do not want you to know how much money you are saving in a quick and efficient way . Am I supposed to use a paper and a pen to manually calculate the amount of money I save?Second , I track my asset allocation in Quicken and the 2001 and 2004 versions still suffer from the lack of a MID-CAP category for asset allocation models . Quicken divides asset allocation into large-cap and small-cap . What the heck is that ? It is about time that Quicken realizes that there is a mid-cap category in asset allocation models . To think that Quicken has not fixed this glaring problem since 2001 is simply amazing.Third , Quicken 2004 does not allow you to put your computer in STAND-BY . Are you kidding me ? What the heck is that ? Who wrote that software ? When your computer tries to shut down it tells you that Quicken does not support stand-by mode . AMAZING !!! This version is a complete waste of money . Luckily , I have backed up my 2001 Quicken files BEFORE I updated to Quicken 2004 . After one day of using this carppy update -LRB- or shall I call it downgrade -RRB- , I went back to the 2001 version.UPDATE
 I have used Quicken for the past 5 years , with a few annoying problems , but was able to work around them . Unfortunately , I purchased the 2004 Premier and really regret it . I reported to Quicken half a dozen times in November and December that the calendar feature will not open in 2004 . No response . Now that is IS 2004 , Quicken will not work AT ALL ! When I called the ` no support ' number , and yes , in India , on Jan. 1 , the guy said they were getting alot of calls , and will fix it in 24 hours . That was it . It is Jan 4 now , no fix , no nothing , no worky . Buy Microsoft Money .
 I have nothing new to add really , except that I wanted to add my bad rating to the others so that the company gets the point . I have returned my copy for their `` 60 day money back '' guarantee . Let 's see if I actually get my money back . Like most of the others I have been using Quicken for a long time - 8 + years and I have over 45,000 transactions in over 30 accounts in my file . I think that I am using Quicken extensively and that I know my way around it pretty well.I am having problems with the `` Net Worth '' graph with more than 12 months of history , the program crashes and then it will crash every time at start-up until I reboot . Some of the `` Tax Planning '' stuff does n't seem to work - always pulls the wrong data in some places , and some of the return calculations in the `` investment '' section seem to be doing goofy things.Intuit 's support system is atrocious . I was on hold for 30min twice before I talked to someone whose response was `` reinstall the software '' . These are not reinstall problems - these are a `` let 's - get-this-version-out-as-quickly-as-possible '' problem.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT - Quicken 2003 works much better for me . I may reconsider buying this when there are patches available on the Quicken site . If you must buy this software MAKE SURE YOU BACK UP YOUR DATA IN A PREVIOUS VERSION AND STORE IT SOMEWHERE ELSE so you can convert back if you have problems.I hope someone from Intuit reads these reviews .
 It appears that Intuit 's product design and product quality control teams have no idea what they 're doing and they deserve no financial support from anyone , so do n't help them by buying new versions of Quicken.I 'm a long-time Quicken for Macintosh user that just bought Quicken Premier 2004 Home and Business for Windows . Quicken has continued to get worse and worse on the Mac , and I thought I 'd look into switching to Windows , unfortunately , before I read all the bad reviews -LRB- including non-Amazon reviews -RRB- . Quicken Premier 2004 for Windows basically ca n't import QIF files properly , even from QIF files created by something as recent as Quicken Deluxe 2002 on the Mac . Some information does n't get imported at all , even though , when looking at the data in the QIF file with WordPad , the data is definitely there , and accurate . Duplicate transactions , missing transactions , etc. are other problems that occur during the import process . Not exactly something you 'd like to see on 10 years of financial data.For those who want a refund , Intuit _ claims _ they have a 60-day unconditional refund for both physical and electronic downloads of Quicken ...
 Wow ... 16 reviews so far and not one positive . I eagerly bought the '04 Quicken Deluxe ... as I have been for the past 5 years ... and was extremely disappointed when it crashed my WIN 98 system which had NEVER crashed in 2 years . `` Chatted '' with tech support -LRB- since I do n't have the $ 40,000 to talk to them personally on the phone -RRB- and they said it was `` intended '' for Win XP . Could n't even navigate around the program without windows app errors and crashes/reboots . Time after time . Put it on my XP system ... and while it seems more stable ... seems more cluttered and difficult to use than ever . They had something so good in the late 90s ... and in the process of the last 3-4 years ... have managed to ruin it . Terrible tech support ... buggy software ... complicated . I am so disappointed . I have given Intuit a lot of $ $ $ over the years ... I think MS Money 2004 is in my future . Way to lose one more customer , Intuit .
 I recently installed Quicken Premier on a very stable computer running Win XP . I am appalled at the number of bugs in this program and the extreme difficulty in contacting Intuit or even finding any answers in their so-called support FAQs and databases . I am experienced with Quicken , having used it since the mid ' 90 's and am very computer-tech savvy . I 've experienced multiple program halts and crashes in the middle of simple transaction sessions . Frequently the Home page loads as a blank page or loads only some images . Despite customizing multiple reports and saving them , they continue to open without the custom changes . The ` income report ' insists on showing transfers between accounts as income , despite checking the box that `` excludes internal transfers '' on or off.Here 's the WORST of it and the problem that will bring the fund companies down on Intuits neck
 Wow , lots of bugs . I have used Quicken since about 1995 I have continued to purchase the latest revision of software to `` keep up '' on things , but I assure you this is the last time . I ca n't believe a company like Intuit would really allow so many software bugs.Quicken has basically evolved into a bunch of layers on top of layers . As they have continued to make new modules , the modules do n't seamlessly fit together - this makes things confusing . Truly , Quicken needs to be redesigned from the bottom-up . I 'm switching to Microsoft Money , which will import my quicken data .
 I really hate to write this . I 've been a Quicken user since 1989 , participated in some of their `` user focus groups '' back in the early 90 's and have implemented nearly every feature in the software -- online banking , transaction downloads from nearly all my accounts , budgeting , tax planning , etc. . . Quicken 2003 had some stability problems that I just learned to live with -LRB- lock ups in reports for example -RRB- . I bought 2004 last week figuring they 'd probably cleaned up those problems . What a disaster . It is so unstable , I ca n't use the product . Most of the problems appear to be related to the online banking functions . The system crashes are so bad they actually wind up corrupting the data file.I found their support as bad as others have noted -- got `` dropped '' by the support chat line 4 times and finally gave up.So , tomorrow , I am going to give MS Money a shot . Fortunately I have a backup of my Quicken 2003 data which I hope goes over to MS Money without a hitch.Doing this makes me sad . This was one of the few products / companies I could say I was `` loyal '' to for a long time.For those interested
 I 've been using Quicken Software since 1991 . I 've had nothing but problems since loading 2004 -- it 's total disaster . I wish I 'd read these reviews before purchasing . It has corrupted accounts dating back to 1991 , and I 'm having to recreate them . I 'm also looking at Money . What a waste .
 I have been a Quicken user since the first version and have upgraded every year . I have never had any significant problems with the software and usually rave about it.I bought the 2004 version and am giving up and going back to the 2003 version . It simply does not work and the technical support is basically non-existent . Now when I try to open it I simply get a message that says `` An error has occurred please restart Quicken '' I get this everytime.This version should never have been released .
 I have been using Intuit products for many years , especially Quickbooks Pro and Quicken Home and Business . I must say that with each new version , it does not get easier ... just more complicated and buggier . I am probably one of the few who have successfully used Quickbooks Premier Contractor 2003 , but I ca n't say the same for Quicken Premier Home and Business 2004 . I have spoken to tech support and they said they 've had no problems at all with this software.I found the interface very busy . What happened to my simple checkbook register where I write checks ? There 's now a `` Home '' column on the lefthand side of the register that lists categories . It took me awhile to find my personal checking account listing . That `` Home '' column is permanent , something you can not delete and it takes up too much room . At least with the QB 2001 I could `` X '' out the bottom pane . There 's no hope with this . You can expand the register box , and kind of shrink the annoying column . It 's a busybox!I have a problem with delayed response from the keyboard . The words are delayed by about 2 seconds as I 'm typing ... very annoying . And if I hold down the Backspace key , it stutters backwards to erase something.I placed a call twice to Intuit . First rep said she never heard of this . I told her I have . Told me to uninstall the software , copy CD to harddrive , and reinstall in Safe Mode . Said it would correct the delayed typing , since she felt that no drivers would load and I should use `` Custom '' installation and put it in a new folder . Did n't work . Do n't waste your time . Same problem exists.Called again and second tech said that Quicken 2004 does n't like my computer . Gee , thanks . He said it 's something in my database that is causing the delayed typing.I told them when they get enough calls from irate customers , please put out a patch , that it is n't just me I 'm sure . I told them from what I 've been reading , their new improved software stinks . QB Home & Bus 2001 worked flawlessly.My advice
 As with other users I have been a quicken user for years . The 2004 and 2005 are in shortest phrase ; worse ever , bugges loaded with , and if use with xp media edition make sure you save all data , or when closing quicken some times you will lost you drive drivers .
 The worst piece of software I have seen in 35 years in the business . Read more of the reviews . I will list just two problems that I found that are not in the following reviews :1 -RRB- This PIN Vault worked once , but then just stopped working . I can enter PINs just fine . But when I leave and come back they are all gone .2 -RRB- I ran the retirement wizard and spent 20 minutes answering all the questions . I got to the final step and hit the Continue button . Nothing happens at all.Read the rest of the reviews . They may set a record for LOW rating on Amazon .
 I always raved about Quicken . I absolutely love Quicken 98 which provides a simple user interface and is VERY easy to use . The update feature updates the program and gets your stock quotes and does everything in one -LRB- easy to find -RRB- click ... no more.Intuit has the gall to `` expire '' the ability of Quicken98 to update your price quotes . A pop-up message began appearing warning me that Quicken 98 would expire in April of 2004 and I should upgrade to 2004 . I bought this product ! It should n't expire ! What a way to rip-off your customers.Well , tonight I bought Quicken 2004 Deluxe . I was shocked . The user interface does not even come close to Quicken 98 . It has evolved into a monster ... way too intense!Furthermore , it started causing General Protection Faults in my Voodo video driver immediately . I could n't even see my transaction detail because of the GPFs ... now I 'm going to have to upgrade the hardware just to support their crappy video handling.Save yourself the frustration , their Tech Support is non-existant ... Save yourself the aggrivation , do n't buy the product!I truly hope this company looks at these reviews because they need to get back to the basics -- write a program that will run on Windows . Do n't expolit all this video fanciness , pop-ups , ads , etc. . Hire a decent QA team that acutally tests this stuff . Care about your customers in providing them with a decent product and back it up with some tech support , preferably not off-shored to India . Better yet , listen to what your customers are saying BEFORE they become ex-customers .
 I too wish I 'd read these reviews.I 've been using Quicken for seven or eight years , and decided to upgrade from the 2001 version.The install went smoothly . But when the program tries to start up , I get the same memory error other reviewers refer to . I ca n't speak to the program 's new features because I ca n't even get it to run.Hoping for a patch or fix , I went to the Quicken Web site . There I found a page indicating Quicken has known of this problem since at least Aug. 28 , and that it is `` currently under investigation . `` My solution is to reinstall the 2001 version , which has a few annoying bugs -LSB- also unfixed -RSB- but at least it works . Maybe I 'll upgrade to Microsoft Money ; in any event , I do n't want to risk losing years of data with this buggy Intuit product.I hope I can get my money back.One has to wonder how execs at companies like this sleep at night .
 I ca n't believe I 'm thinking of moving to a Microsoft product -LRB- Money -RRB- . But this version has given me fits , problems with installation , converting , lack of customization , and poor , costly , and slow customer service to deal with these problems . PLUS backing up files are more complicated , and it leaves a little `` gift '' file on my desktop , something which Intuit says its aware of but ca n't do anything about right now . Capital Gains are impossible to track ... so next move ... MS MONEY !
 as a quicken user since the early 90 's i was excited to pick-up 2004 deluxe . i was disappointed with this version to say the least . it converted much of my data incorrectly , the investment register was modified by someone who appeared to have never used it to actually track & update investments , the interface was clunky , etc. it 's unbelievable that a company who used to be passionate about utilizing user feedback on their products could release such a product . i ended up taking my data backup and re-installing the 02 version . 04 is terrible .
 I 'm another Quicken customer forced to upgrade . Having used Quicken over 10 years , I did n't want to risk transferring all my investment and retirement accounts to Microsoft Money . What a mistake . I 've probably spent more time fixing Quicken after the upgrade than I would have spent just switching products.Some specifics :1 . I have some stock that I own as an individual , own as part of a 401K and also have stock options . The old version did n't track stock options . When I created an new stock option account in the new version , it corrupted the stock in the 401K account calling it a stock option . This disabled the ability to make any updates to the 401K . Do n't count on any support . The web site did not address any of these issues . Live chat wo n't support investment questions due to `` tax implications '' . The only option was phone support at $ 1.95 per minute . I refused to pay them to fix problems caused by their bugs and ended up rebuilding the account manually .2 . 401k balance became out of balance after transferring . If you 've invested in the past 4 years , you 've probably experienced some `` losses '' instead of gains in your 401K . Well , all the losses became gains when I did the conversion . There is also no transaction to record a loss other than removing the shares . Looks like I 'll have to re-enter over half of the transactions for the past 3 years .3 . Quicken 2004 uses a new format for automated downloads . Unfortunately , none of my six -LRB- major -RRB- banking and investment financial institutions support it . They all support support the 2003 version and `` have n't been trained or set up '' for the new one . Quicken ca n't successfully login to any of these sites . So I 'm forced to upgrade to use the online capability but it does n't work .4 . Intermittent problems with stock price updates . I have received update failures saying `` GE '' and other major stocks are not valid symbols . These will mysteriously start working again later.Why 2 stars instead of one ? Well I still like the fundamental banking capability . The new GUI is an improvement over 1999 . At this point , I 'm on the verge of requesting a refund and just converting to Money . If you use investment account with any complexity or history , I recommend against using this product . If you stick with Quicken basic , I think you will be satisfied with the upgrade .
 Intuit is slowing destroying Quicken . Every year the user interface gets more confusing , etc , the program gets more buggy and the customer service gets worse . Take my advice ... if you just want a program to keep your checkbook on , or run a small business on , then try to find a old copy of Quicken for DOS ver8 . I have run it with no problems in Win 95,98 and Xp . IT IS MUCH EASIER TO USE THAN THE WINDOW VERSIONS and it actually came with a USER 's manual that was one of the best every written . You do n't have all the fancy online bill paying , etc of the windows versions , but for basic stuff you will run rings around a Quicken for Windows user . The basic program has not been improved one bit since this version !!! and the manual itself will help you a tremendously if you decide to go with windows version .
 Maybe it 's the fact that we are still running Windows 98 and have 256 MB RAM , but Quicken 2004 is running extremely slow , and has crashed our computer twice in the four times we have utilized the program . Supposedly it only needs 64 MB RAM and is compatible with Windows 98 , but I am questioning that . Yesterday we got a message that we did n't have enough memory before our system crashed . The bugs that we dealt with a couple times a week with 2003 seem to be fixed , but at the rate we 're going with 2004 , I may be sending it back . I do like the new look which is why I am rating it 2 stars instead of 1 .
 I have been using Quicken for many years . I decided to upgrade the very stable and efficient Quicken 98 on a lark , but soon regretted it . The new user interface is very difficult to navigate , laden with Intuit advertising for other services , and impossible to customize.There are numerous bugs which Intuit seems in no hurry to fix.This software is not in a condition suitable for release . I wonder if the glowing reviews are from Intuit people . I am not certainly a Microsoft person . And I regret the direction that software is taking in this country
 Wish I had read the reviews here before I purchased 2004 . Prior Quicken I had was 1999 , which was far simplier , and less cluttered . Getting downloads from internet on mutual funds -LRB- my reason for buying 2004 -RRB- is extremely difficult , and for $ 1.95 / min that Intuit charges -LRB- plus the cost of phone call - no 800 # -RRB- I will never get `` bugs '' worked out . I am unable to download new transactions into existing mutual fund accts -LRB- which have all the history -RRB- , and would have to set up separate files for each mutual fund , then import/export history , and even then I would need to go into separate files for each mutual fund.Also , could not get it to backup on cd from Quicken Prog , need to go into Windows Explorer and copy to disc . All in all , wish I had never `` upgraded '' -- this is dated 5 years more recent than my previous program , but virtually no functions are easier to use . Maybe the fact that they have no 800 # , and that they charge $ 1.95 / min reflects the lack of confidence they have in their product -LRB- and their understanding that users will not be able to seemlessly `` upgrade '' w/out requiring technical assistance -RRB- !
 Do n't bother buying Quicken 2004 . There are significant bugs that Intuit has not fixed , even after two patch releases since the August release . I 've used Quicken since the DOS days , basically about 13 years . If you have Quicken 2002 or 2003 , DO NOT UPGRADE to 2004 . If you do n't have Quicken , check out MS Money first . I 've always been a die-hard Quicken fan , but I 'm disgusted with Intuit 's poor quality in this release . Hopefully they 'll keep releasing patches and get this dog fixed soon . If they ever do , I 'll post an update . But for now , avoid Quicken 2004 at all costs .
 I am can not express my self how frustrated I was after I had loaded quicken 2004 on my XP system . I have been using 2003 successfully but 2004 version is soo slow . my system is 3.0 ghz and 2 gb of ram and I could not believe it how slow it ran . The most ridicules part is that quicken 2004 will not revert database to 2003 version so I have to retype about two weeks of transactions!Need advice - steer away from this product !!! I would not use it even if it was for free !!!
 It 's tough to express how disappointed I am with Quicken 2004 . After using Quicken for several years , I was hopeful that the latest 3 years of development time -LRB- I upgraded from Quicken 2001 -RRB- would 've given them the chance to eliminate some of the existing annoyances and add some cool new features too ! I could n't have been more wrong.The latest version has crashed several times , taking valuable data with it and leaving me with conflicting and duplicate results in my statements . During these crashes , it 's also erased some of my online payees , so transactions which used to be scheduled did n't get sent out -LRB- because there was no payee information to send them to -RRB- . I 'm left now with broken data corrupted historical data but still bills to pay , and I believe that my only option to have a ` clean start ' is to discard the several years of historical financial data that I 've accumulated and ` begin anew ' with either an older version of quicken , or perhaps some other product.In addition to the overwhelming reliability and data issues , the user interface is cluttered , and poorly designed so that buttons that you 'll have to click several times -LRB- like accepting transaction values -RRB- are tiny and placed right next to buttons that will ` automatically ' do something that you may not want to do ` automatically ' -LRB- like automatically accepting all without giving you a chance to assign them to categories -RRB- . Overall , it seems that Quicken/Intuit is now more focused on using the product to promote their new money generating features -LRB- Quicken online , quicken billpay , quicken mastercard etc -RRB- and is now just using their product as a way to try to force-feed us items that we do n't want . I only hope that I 'm wrong here , but given the direction that the product seems to be taking -LRB- away from making the product better for home users and more towards using it as a way to push their revenue-stream products on you -RRB- , I 'm not giving much hope for myself as a future Quicken user . -LRB- Does anybody know a good share-ware product that might be able to take us back to ` the good old days ' ? -RRB-
 Quicken 2004 has a bug which will affect your computer 's system and stop it from going into Standby or Hibernate power saving modes.This is a known bug and has been documented by Microsoft in their Knowledge Base Article . The worst thing is that Intuit knows about the problem from previous versions and has issued updates to fix the older versions but has not incorporated the fix into Quicken 2004 . Intuit Tech Support stated that they will fix bugs after users report them . Apparently Intuit expects us to pay for their buggy product , test it , report the problems to them , and maybe they may fix it later .
 I am a ten-year user of Quicken . I downloaded Quicken 2004 , converted my data files , and began to use it . Issues I found thus far -LRB- I 've reinstalled it a second time and the problems are the same -RRB- :1 -RRB- I keep getting application faults when I try to do a backup . I have to reenter the program and try again . Sometimes it takes 5-6 tries .2 -RRB- Frequently , when I load the program , I get an application fault .3 -RRB- On the investment overview page , there are several checkboxes that allow you to compare your investment returns against market indexes . The checkboxes are permanently disabled -- you can not select them .4 -RRB- On the financial overview page , the small version of the net worth graph is completely wrong . When you click the button to expand it , the information is correct.Overall , I am very disappointed in Quicken 2004 . Thus far , there are no fixes to download . I never considered using Microsoft Money before , but I am now .
 I 've been using Intuit products over 10 years , both at home and work . I was recently forced to upgrade Quicken because my bank no longer supported imports into my existing version . Ever since I have had nothing but trouble . I have lost hours , even days of my time working with customer support , I even spent $ 30 to pay for support for a `` fix '' that lasted all of 2 days . I am so frustrated with the software and support that I have sworn off purchasing an Inuit product again , ever.Save yourself some time , money and frustration by staying away from this product !
 After being forced to upgrade to 2005 , I 'm feeling lucky that I have n't completed lost all my data . This is the buggiest software I 've ever encountered . I ca n't seem to use it without my system hanging up about 90 % of the time . Their customer support is a joke too . Last year , Turbo Tax incorrectly included a deduction on my taxes twice , and after hours with their phone support folks and no help , I refused to pay for the software , and re-filed on another -LRB- practically free -RRB- site in less than 1 hour . Needless to say , I have n't even bothered to go that route with this product . I 'm just going to find a replacement for it.This company does n't have a clue . Stay away from their products . If you think Quicken 2004 is bad , 2005 will make you wish you were still on 2004 . It has gotten worse with every upgrade -- I believe I 've been using it since 1999 . Makes me wonder about the VERY FEW users here that do n't seem to be having problems . Maybe they work on Quicken 's `` Help Desk . ''
 I 'm a long time user of Quicken and generally dislike Microsoft , but this is getting hard to take . I upgraded to 2004 in hopes of fixing some of the problems in Quicken 2003 and instead it got worse . About a month ago , I had to uninstall and reinstall just to get the product to work . Tonight I ca n't seem to customize reports . When I try , I hangs the program and I have to reboot . I have been fighting this for about three months . Too long , I thought to reenter a bunch of data , but I have rebooted one too many times . As soon as Money 2004 converts Quicken 2004 data , I 'm going to give it a try . I know the reviews are bad , but it ca n't be any worse . If you are using an older version of Quicken do n't upgrade even if you get it free with Turbo tax , just do n't do it .
 I 've been using Quicken since in 1993 . After 6 or 7 version upgrades , hundreds of dollars in software investment and eleven years of trust , I 'm here to tell you fellow patrons , watch out.Here 's my grip . It is relatively small but it tells a larger story . I bought Quicken 2003 Premier from Amazon last year and I got this annoying bug that keeps crashing my Quicken -LRB- in Investment Center , if I scroll over an Alert or News item Quicken suddenly crashes - I 've replicated on 3 PC 's and it is an honest to goodness bug in their code -RRB- . The reason I 'm bothering to tell you customers of Quicken 2004 is that I feel betrayed . I used to be very passionate about Quicken and I 'd tell all my friends , colleagues it was a must have . I felt good because Intuit was a company that really cared and they proved it time and time again by supporting their products.In previous versions , when bugs like this happened , I got help that I could use . Now , I go to there online support and there is no reference to the bug I 'm experiencing . If I want to go cheap with their paid support and do an online chat it is $ 9.95 or my other alternative is a live phone call at $ 1.95 a minute.Okay , it is 2004 and Quicken is probably 15 or 20 years old . Quicken should n't have any bugs ! Second , trying to solve them should be as easy as Quicken software.I once heard Intuit 's mantra from the founder who said , `` We listen to customers and we WOW them by over-delivering on their expectations . `` Guess what everybody ; it is pretty obvious that Intuit has given up on their flagship product . Look at the other reviews in this long list of 1 star ratings?Is it really not worth the investment to innovate and maintain best-of-breed support that made Intuit loved ? Is Mr. Steve Bennett only interested in milking the product line for all it 's got by updating the packaging?Great philosophy Mr Bennett . NOT ! Bring Scott Cook back .
 I read all of the negative reviews everywhere -LRB- Cnet , Epinions , Price Grabber , etc. -RRB- , but I did n't believe them for some reason . Well BELIEVE THEM !!! I am a PC tech support professional -LRB- for over 10 years -RRB- with a 2.2 Ghz PC with 1.0 Gb of RAM , and Quicken 2004 ran like garbage . I 've played with MANY beta programs that ran much much better . The app crashed constantly . IT IS NOT STABLE !!!! Read the rest of the reviews , and I agree with ALL of them ! Enough said . . except ... STAY AWAY FROM THIS PROGRAM , IT WILL ONLY GIVE YOU HEADACHES !!!
 I have had nothing but unresolvable problems with the past couple revisions . The other reviewer is right , customer support stinks , Intuit is slow to repond or fix bugs and the product which we are all purchased to centralized our financial information , the very core of our existance , is at best `` dangerous '' to chance using it with your data . Count me as another one to flee to Microsoft Money .
 I ca n't believe I did n't check Amazon for a full review of this product before purchasing it . I have also been a long time Quicken user and I just upgraded from version 2000 . Past versions of Quicken were so solid that I could seemlessly move from a Mac platform to a Windows platform and the data file moved over without any issues.I have not had reliability issues with my build of 2004 Deluxe , but I 'm so dissapointed by all the marketing messages popping up disrupting my productivity . Every menu has multiple opportunities to sign up for more Quicken services.Online bill pay , which is SUPPOSED to link directly to your financial institution , takes you through a required registration log-in screen for Quicken.com . I have ABSOLUTELY NO USE for Quicken.com and forcing this registration process is absolutely pointless . The ONLY way to work around it is to get a few screens into registering for Quicken.com , then hit cancel , then the online banking screen pops up behind . There are no menu options to disable this or set your preferred institution or even DESELECT quicken.comI 'm so frustrated with this software as others have expressed . Had I known of these issues , I would have remained with my solid Quicken 2000 version but as I 've been reading , this is a one way path , once you upgrade there is NO going back .
 Can you say broken?I 've been a religious user of Quicken since Quicken 98 and am seriously disappointed with this version . Support is useless for anything advanced . Some specific gripes :1 . When you change your pin with online bank , it 'll never save your new pin , despite what it tells you .2 . File `` backup '' fails every time with a semi complex datafile . There 's an `` unreferenced memory error . '' Sloppy programmers leaving dangling pointers .3 . The file `` validation '' utility corrupts your data file removing references when the references existed in the account before .4 . Frequently is not able to record split transactions between multiple accounts -LRB- not categories -RRB- . It 'll record the split in one account , not others . Result , you 'll have missing references .5 . Investment transactions will reset values under certain circumstances when you revisit recorded transactions .6 . Still does n't allow you to have post-tax/non-taxable income in your paycheck -LRB- like for expense report payments -RRB- . Data integrity problems.If you 're using older version -- DONT UPGRADE , unless you like corrupted data . I would advise , version 2003 . Unfortunately , MS Money is n't much better from a feature set standpoint . Despite that , I 'm considering switching just outta spite .
 I have been happily using Quicken for a few years now . However , I had to reinstall it after a HD crash , and it can not be re-registered , and therefore , it can not be used . BE VERY CAREFUL . Unless you are willing to shell out the additional $ 80 or so for every upgrade , the program will give out on you . They have designed a very clever marketing ploy to continue getting your money .
 The Quicken 2004 user interface is the worst I have ever seen in a `` modern '' Windows program . It will not allow more than report -LRB- or other -RRB- document window to be opened at one time . It creates strange task bar buttons during some things -LRB- like the pop up calendar for entering dates -RRB- . The worst part of the program is the investment account data entry . You ca n't copy and paste investment transactions , and when trying to change a transaction you often get a message saying `` You have to delete and reenter this transaction to make this change '' . Investment accounts are handled like they are some kind of unusual feature grafted onto the rest of the program , and they lack many of the still basic features of the normal accounts.The one thing I loved about Quicken for DOS , and Quicken 98 was the friendly user interface . You could move data around with cut and paste , look at multiple reports and graphs , and work on multiple accounts easily . This version of Quicken makes even the most basic attempt at multi-tasking impossible . This is a one thing at a time brain-dead user interface . I can only conclude that Intuit wasted no effort on the user interface , and ripped out all of the features from earlier versions .
 I 've been a Quicken user since the early 90s . Loved it in the early years , but as it became more complex , it developed quirks . This latest version immediately locks up my robust XP system if I open a browser and will lock it up after a while even when Quicken is the only program running . The only way to recover is a hard reboot ! in XP !!! I used to enjoy tracking my finances , but since v2003 it has become a chore . What 's worse , an upgrade still requires that you pay for support . Unless Intuit publishes a fix -LRB- and SOON ! -RRB- , this will be my last Quicken version . I 'm switching to Money .
 I AM A QUICKEN USER SINCE 1988 , I BOUGHT THIS ONE WHAT THEY CALL 2004 DELUX , I FIND OUT THAT OLDER QUICKEN DOES ALOT MORE THAN THIS ONE , MY ADVISE TO YOU DONT BUY IT .
 I just upgraded to Quicken 2004 . Aside from the bugs -LRB- I reported three the first day -RRB- and the less-than-useful changes to the register , I think the worst is yet to come.As they say on their web site , you will not be able to use Quicken 2005 without using their online services . They 've already made it too easy to go to their online services in Quicken 2004 . Nearly everything you do connects to the Internet for God-knows-what . I 'm really unhappy about having to share my financial information with a random for-profit software company . I want my privacy . The QIF file import is being disabled , also . So Quicken 2004 goes in the trash -LRB- it was free after rebate -RRB- and I 'm back to Quicken 2000 .
 Another consumer who wasted $ 35 -LRB- at Sam 's Club -RRB- on this horrendous software!Not only does it have all of the aforementioned problems , but its screens are a cluttered mess ! What torques me is that I 'm unable to rid the screen of things I do n't want , need , or use.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! If you have 2000 , stick with it . I 'm hoping I can reload my 2000 version . 2004 will be donated to some unsuspecting soul via the local Salvation Army thrift shop .
 This is my first online product review , which I was compelled to do after wasting my $ $ on this so-called upgrade . I upgraded from 2001 . One of the things I was looking for was better 401K mgmt . It 's virtually impossible to truly track 401K activity , but this allows you to make regular updates to your holdings without having to do a makeshift update like I used to do . That 's one of the few pluses to this version vs. 2001 . But the interface is terrible . The account list is on an all white background instead of the grid-line style that it used to have , which now makes it hard to read across . Once you go into an account , you can not close the register view window - you have to click on another icon or account to go into something else . I 'm having a tough time getting used to that . Why would they take something simple as the _ O X window sizing option that was in all previous versions through at least 2001 ? The customization of the interface is very poor . Nowadays , most software allows you to change numerous viewing options including colors , fonts , etc. . Quicken 2004 gives you none of that . You are stuck with the setup they provide and are forced to view tons of graphs and charts , which may be useful in some cases , but should be more customizable for those who prefer other views . If I can find a way to save my data file to a previous version , I will be downgrading back to 2001 -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I am another Quicken user from back in the DOS days . I loved the old Quicken 6 and highly recommended it to everyone . A couple of years ago I upgraded to Quicken 2002 . What a terrible user interface , retirement planner and report generater -LRB- as compared to Quicken 6 -RRB- . The main good thing about the program was the ability to download financial data.I came to this website to get opinions about the latest Quicken to see if my concerns have been addressed . I guess not . Forced upgrades , i.e. incomplete backwards compatibility . Sorry Intuit - no more money from me until you clean up your act . Clearly you do not currently care about your customers , other than to attempt to take money from their pockets.I think its time for open source financial planning software .
 This product is pretty much despised by everyone who buys it -- just check all the other sites on the web for more scornful reviews . Intuit failed to do even basic tests for bugs.Biggest problem for me is that the `` exclude internal transfers '' setting does not work when you generate a report . So when you try to view your budget report , it 's full of garbage lines that should n't be shown . Does n't make it easy to manage your finances . Several months ago , Intuit told me that this is a known bug . But months go by , and they have no interest in fixing it .
 Funny things happen with the User Interface when you close one window . I am now wondering what kind of testing is Intuit performing ? Are there any types of Quality Assurance test ? Is there a usablility test ? If you want to try this software download it from Kaza !!! Not worth buying it . Sorry .
 Unfortunately , once you open up the CD it is not returnable . Also unfortunately , you do not know how the software works until you have had sometime to try it . Basically , Quicken is a desktop marketing arm for Quicken . Everywhere you look there are additional services , advertisments , etc. where they are trying to get you to signup for their services or other costly items.All I was looking for was a way to summarize all my accounts . The software provides you with the capability of downloading information directly from your financial institution . Only problem is that the way you go about setting up your account and passwords , it leaves you with concerns over how secure this information is kept . I personally do not want to have all my financial access information stored on my desktop or Quicken 's website . I can not figure out how you can use the product without providing this information . My expectation was that you can either set it up automatically or provide it each time you access your financial institution . It appears that you must setup it all up or you can not use the software.Anyway , with all the concern over security , I am not about to do this . This product is a waste of money in my mind . I will sell my on ebay or just trash it.SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 Like many of you I was forced out of Quicken 98 and into 2004 . What a lot of useless junk on the screen and `` support '' tells me there 's no way to trim down the display . Furthermore the system crashes and ca n't add during reconciles -LRB- ! -RRB- . But here 's my question
 I switched to Microsoft Money 2 years ago , after a horrible experience with Intuit 's tech support.At first I did n't like the interface as much as Quicken 's , but I soon got used to it . In addition , every new version of Money has improved the interface and features to the point that I now prefer Money . Plus , you get a number of free offers with Money , including free bill pay for up to 2 years ; that alone pays for more than the price of the software.And do n't forget , Money has free tech support . You can download a free evaluation copy from Microsoft 's web site.It 's too bad , but Intuit seems to have stopped caring about its customers . I wish Andrew Tobias 's `` Managing Your Money '' was back .
 I 've been using Quicken 2004 for about 9 months now . It was working just fine when I first got it , then problems started arising such as when I wanted to download bank and credit card information , it said that the servers could not be reached . Even stock information wo n't download . Quicken support is horrible as they only have chat support and after 2 hours on chat with their technical support folks , they had no idea and blamed the financial establishments I deal with . Why is that so when it 's worked fine for 9 months , I have n't changed a thing in the configuration and both my credit union and my credit card issuer are BOTH experiencing problems ? It 's been going on for over 2 months now . A major headache . I whole do not recommend this buggy and poorly supported product . I 'm going with Microsoft Money instead .
 I have been using Quicken for over 10 years and have never been more unhappy with an upgrade than this . I really can not tell the difference other than the colors.INTUIT - GIVE ME MY $ 60 BACK !!!
 I used Quicken since 2.0 for DOS and went through multiple updates . This one from Quicken Deluxe 2003 to Quicken Deluxe 2004 is the first big disappointment with Quicken . Some basic functionality like Cash Flow report stopped working correctly . It worked 12 years ago perfectly . It now reports transfers between accounts as Inflow.Example if you pay a credit card bill from a checking ammount it would be considered as your Inflow . There is an option to Exclude Internal Transfers but it does not do anything.The support -LRB- I used online chat session -RRB- is a joke . They say that data file is corrupt first and that `` the development team is aware of the problem and working on a fix '' after.I am glad that I have a copy of my data file in 2003 format.Do not see any new functionality added since 2003 release.Save your money and skip this release .
 I purchased this product to keep track of my mutual funds . I have fewer that 30 investments . It is not up to the task . As reported elsewhere , there are serious flaws with the way this program downloads and updates information , but getting that part of it to work is only half the battle.The portfolio management screens and reports frequently calculate an investment 's gains or losses incorrectly . The totals computed on some of the columns in the investment listings do not calculate correctly . There is NO online support for the investment portion of this program . You must use their 1.95 / hour service . If you are able to get a hold of anyone that is capable of intelligently supporting the product , you are luckier that I.I have been an IT professional since 1981 . I have never seen such a flawed product put into production . The idea that an international company would publish this is almost beyond belief .
 This is sad . I have Quicken 1999 which is , as far as I know , completely bug free . Quicken informed me via a pop-up that I must upgrade to 2004 or some online features will no longer work . After reading the reviews , no way . Unfortunately this is becoming the new reality . American companies are shipping jobs overseas to save money . It is happening in more and more industries , especially including the software and service industries . I seriously doubt that Quicken is programmed in the USA anymore . Maybe someday Intuit will figure out that they relinquished control of their product and product quality when they shipped it overseas . Until then I will stick with the 1999 version and forego the online transactions . Sad .
 So Intuit sent me friendly mail saying they were going to stop stock updates in the Quicken I use , Q2000 . In a wildly self-serving manner they suggested I upgrade . I did . And this version is simply horrific - the UI is a mash of popup windows , the account list is gone -LRB- or maybe not , but I ca n't find it -RRB- - and I used that list to navigate my accounts - and everything is hard to understand and use . It 's terrible . Stay away . Now all I need is something to track my investments ...
 This appeared to a promsing product which I intended for rough designs of a house . However , my experience is that is poorly suited for this task and I would not recommend it .
 Actually , my rating for this product is n't one star , it is ZERO . My husband is an engineer
 I have spent the better part of the day trying to download this program from Broderbund 's site , only to have their server reset itself , twice . The second time , I had almost 25 % downloaded before I was kicked off , and it only took nine hours ! Gee , at that rate , I can only imagine how long it would take to actually use the software if I were able to download it ! And this was for the `` free '' trial . Needless to say , I certainly wo n't be wasting any money towards the purchase , especially after reading all the other reviews . Trust me , I have been staring at the computer screen for hours , and have read every review of every software type for this sort of application . I am convinced that I would be better off spending less and buying an older version prior to 5 , or trying the latest Chief Architect software , since it seems they designed the prior versions of 3DHA . Even some of the other programs , such as IMSI 's Floor Plan 3D , or the Punch programs are looking better than this , which has been an aggravation , to say the least . What good is it to offer a free trial if it ca n't be downloaded and viewed ? Had it worked , they may have gotten a sale . I guess I should be thankful that it did ` t ; I believe their failure to deliver saved me money and even more irritation .
 Another reviewer mentioned the call-in deal from late last year
 I got this program as a Christmas gift last year and I read through the manual and I looked at the box . Brodurbund advertises it as having a great 3D engine . After installing it on two , not one , but two computers , I created a design , and tried to look at it in the 3D wizard . Both times the wizard was :1 . Slow2 . UndetailedAll this product is good for is the floorplans , which limit you to space . I was trying to create a large floorplan , and I could not because I was limited . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Stick with Better Homes And Gardens , which , after reading up on it , seems like an excellent product .
 I completely agree with `` Gary Tool Geek '' who wrote the review about the program getting corrupted . It took a couple of tries till I realized what was happening . As I added items to the house plan it became harder and harder to work without crashing and finally I could not add walls at all . Turns out that the file gets `` corrupted '' . So I now save files to new file names as I go along . Why does n't Broderbund explain `` corrupting '' files ??? By the way , they no longer support the software.This progam takes hours to design a house - 50 + hours . It 's not something you can do quickly.It also takes a lot of study . I have not yet learned to use the 3D viewers because I have been concentrating on building the house using the 2D view.I earned that the width and depth functions of the lot layout are not as I would define it , so be careful when you define your lot size -LRB- I now do it at the beginning -RRB- . I have made 6 designs just learning how this program works . I am starting on the design again and hopefully I will not discover another fault that will stop me from completing one design .
 Purchased this software and it will not run on my system . I have attemped all the fixes that manufacture has on how to configure your computer system . The only thing that I can think of is that I am running on an AMD Chip vice Intel . Brouderbund does not have any type of available customer service other than what is accessable on the web -LRB- or I could not find any other type of help -RRB- . Be very sure that your system fits what the program requires . Even then you still may have problems getting this program to work .
 I had Punch software already but the finished graphics and walkthrough were fairly poor so I went for 3D Home Architect . What a waste of money . All of the actual design interface and capabilities are primitive compared to Punch . I could list the specific issues I ran into but there are just too many.I still went through the entire exercise . Read the manual and did my best to get around the lack of capabilities and aggravating issues . At the end I finally created the image . It was gorgeous . I realized I spent $ 100 to make a picture of my house and yard but that it did not help me much to actually deliver the projecct .3 D Home Architect Dlx 6 is much like a Yugo with leather seats and a supercharger . You get the flashy extras but what 's the point?Go buy Punch . Even Visio is better at doing real design work over this and that is truly sad ...
 This product is so bad , it 's insulting.I 'm not even going to mention how bad the user interface is -LRB- aggravatingly so -RRB- , or how you ca n't simply rotate your 3D view -LRB- without getting it into some bizarre orientation -RRB- , or how you ca n't attach objects -LRB- clocks , pictures -RRB- to a wall -LRB- they float around and change position when you change your view -RRB- , or how you have to use the VERY unintuitive tools they give you -LRB- no semblance of any type of standard -RRB- , or how many times the product crashes -LRB- I ca n't count that high -RRB- . No , those are the least of this product 's problems.What I am going to mention is how cheated I feel that `` 3D Home Architect Design Suite Deluxe 6 '' DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO EXPORT YOUR 3D VIEW ! This means you can not include your 3D view in a Word document , or email it to someone . JPG , BMP , etc. formats are reserved for the 2D view only ! All you can do is print it - not to a file , but only to the printer!Excuse , me ? What good is that ? The whole selling point is that it 's 3D ! Hello ? Anybody home at Broderbund ? Do these people even use their own product ? Are you telling me I spent $ 100 only to be forced to print my images out on paper , just to scan them back in , and then email them , with each looking like a blurred copy of a copy of a copy ? Tell me this is a joke product ! I 've looked all over the box , but ca n't find the fine print
 I am renovating my apartment and wanted to put together some quick layouts , move some furniture and walls around , and so on . Not possible with this software . No apartment feature at all . When I returned it , I was told that apartments were not homes , which was very distressing to me as mine just cost me a fortune . They would n't take it back at all , as it 's their policy -LRB- Comp USA -RRB- which while totally rational -LRB- instal-and-return -RRB- created a intensely irrational hatred for both Comp USA for not standing behind their products , and the software makers for suggesting that my ridiculously expensive co-op is not a home.Smart Draw Floorplan is a basic product that does layouts . No 3D and not perfect , but very simple and comprehensive.Hate Comp USA and hate the fact that I wasted the time trying to return it . Vow to no longer spend any more of my irrational money at their store . -LRB- Yes I should have bought it at amazon , but I just had to touch the box -- go figure -RRB- . And am also considering selling my non-home for a shoebox .
 I wish I would could have used this software , because it LOOKED pretty good , and Broderbund has a great reputation , but . . Tried installing on our
 Strong `` do n't buy '' of this product ... less than 1 star . Beware , read the reviews of their previous products ; save your money and buy something else .
 I have come so very close to getting this program to work for me , and have even gotten exploratory value out of it , but you should know that the database is often corrupted by the tool , and requires program re-installation and design recreation.In the words of the help file -LRB- on line at ... -RRB- : MBuilder Has Encountered a Problem ... When using the program , the following message appears : `` MBuilder has encountered problem . '' There are several possible causes forthis issue . The remainder of this note describes how to proceed.Determine If the Plan Is Corrupt1 . Launch 3D Home Architect and create a new plan .2 . Add a basic structure to the plan .3 . Save the plan and close 3D Home Architect .4 . Launch 3D Home Architect and open the plan created in Steps 1 & 2 above .5 . Choose from the following : * If the error message does not reoccur when working with the new plan , the previous plan is most likely corrupt . Recreate the plan or restorea backup copy of the plan . * If the same error reoccurs , continue with the following procedures.These suggestions will help to prevent corruption in future plans -- Further instructions tell you to turn off large displays , accelerations , etc.As long as you have separate backups every 15 minutes or so -LRB- not just saving the file , but saving to a set of many different files -RRB- then you may be able to recover some of your work.The problem is , you may work for a long time with the program working , but with save files written by the program that are corrupt . Once written out , it ca n't be read back in.I have worked with their on-line help system , and have been referred to the instructions
 I had purchased `` Punch ! Professional Home Design '' and found it too indepth for what I needed . `` 3D Home Architect Design Suite 6 '' seemed a bit more for the lay designer . I built the outside layout of my tri-level easy enough and was impressed by the ease of setting the different levels of floor height for different areas of my home . I found colors and textures for my home 's exterior that closely matched my actual home . All was well until I tried to put a roof on . It was n't the different levels that threw off the software but the fact my home is n't rectangular . My home has a bit of character . The software has an auto ` roof by perimeter ' option and a manual ` roof by picking points ' option . Do not be fooled , there is no manual option . As soon as the edges of your roofs get close enough together the software merges them as it pleases . It resets angles and/or creates new and/or deletes existing edges as it sees fit , no matter how many times you reset them using the ` custom ' option . Another undocumented feature is somtimes when you change the settings on a wall another wall on the other side of your project will disappear or may elongate through the boundaries of your project and off the screen . When drawing internal walls if one wall intersects a second it divides the existing wall into two and resets the both wall behavior values -LRB- i.e. ` elevation ' or ` extend to roof ' -RRB- to defaults forcing you to go back through and redo all your settings . I run an AthlonXP 2200 1.8 GHz machine w / 512 ram and a GeForce4 Ti 4600 w/128mb ram , well above the system requirements listed on Broderbund 's website . The program crashes about every hour and a half which , by the way , is covered in the t-shooting guide . It says turn off hardware acceleration . This will then slow down 3D rendering to a painfully slow pace . Maybe this is because NVidia is such a small-time chipset manufactuer . If something happens often enough to be covered in the user-guide maybe it should be fixed ? I rated two stars vice one because there are features in the software I did n't get to see and ca n't judge because the disc now protects my coffee table -LRB- along with a plethora of discs from AOL -RRB- from water rings and no longer is in use on my PC . I am disappointed in this Broderbund title and it will be some time before I purchase another . If you want to design a square house , this software has all you need . If your home has any character at all , do not buy this software .
 If one wishes to design a simple dwelling , this program can provide some enjoyable times . It is fairly easy to learn and its user manual is clear . One can even design rather complex designs , so long as you do n't exceed the program 's limitations . But those limitations make it unusable for even some very basic design features . There is no way to make a wall fit under just one side of a staircase or make the top of a wall serve as a banister . -LRB- Trapezoid and triangle shaped walls are not possible . -RRB- Separate treatment of gables and the walls beneath them is not possible . Creating gable roofs where each slope has a different pitch and the ridge is off center is very cumbersome . Sometimes the program behaves as promised by the book , sometimes it does not . There is no way of producing exposed support beams -- at least not that I can find for the house proper ; perhaps there is a way for porches . I have yet to find a way to create intersecting gables with a vaulted ceiling . Walls `` customized '' to heights less than the full height of the story are rendered at full height . It seems that in an effort to make things easy for the non-professional , the programmers took control away from the user and tried to make some architectural features automatic . But what the program comes up with is often unpredictable . -LRB- For example , strange additional pieces of roof attached to a dormer . Some walls extend to the roof , others do not , even when `` customized '' to do so . -RRB- Such simple design features should be easily possible in a program whose base cost ranges from $ 70 to $ 100 . For me , the investment was a complete waste . I have no practical use for a program that does not include such simple things , regardless of what extra `` gingerbread '' may be included . I want to design what I design , not merely what a program permits .
 I upgraded to this program assuming that the new roof tools and better wall angles would allow me to design the simple modern concrete home with loft that I was interested in creating . NOT SO , especially in terms of the roof option . Try designing a simple A-frame like structure and the roof wizard continually creates a roof with 4 surfaces instead of two . . Once you get the gables on right you will then discover that every break in the wall creates a break in the roof line even if the wall is straight . The floor tool works only some of the time and the `` curve tool '' that was supposed to allow for curved walls has a big draw back ... The program keeps thinking that the line is straight even though it looks curved . This means that you can have a curved wall as long as you do n't want to put ANY furniture in the curved area . Forget round houses . This glitch will make you crazy.And where did all the furniture and ability to create fences and patio 's with a click go ? They were in the earlier version . This one is actually stripped down for more money!Other annoying quirks are problems adding a half bath or laundry area under a stairwell and the inability to put an appliance against a wall with an electical outlet on it . I had to remove all my electrical outlets in order to put in my cabinets , stove and laundry room appliances.Ask it to do to many atypical things and walls suddenly began to disappear altogether . Other strange events haunt this version , like sinks that suddenly decide not to go against certain walls . If you have the older version ... keep it and do n't buy this one .
 3D Home Design is simply horrendous ... no other gentle way to put it . One bumps into flaws everywhere one turns . This software really brought me back to the early Broderbund Apple IIe and PC/XT offerings ... it 's that primitive ! First problem is the non-standard user interface that Broderbund insists on using that unnecessarily complicates the learning curve . Then there are the countless display glitches , the worst of which erratically redraws your work just when you are trying to make a crucial modification or measurement . Perhaps worst of all is the limited and error prone output , which makes it virtually impossible to produce a quality print approaching anything like that on the screen . I tried to use the export function to get my 2d plan into a `` well behaved '' format , but the resolution is so limited that the resultant jaggy image is next to useless . Whereas the program itself properly uses vector graphics for most of the drawing -LRB- this makes the drawing appear nice and crisp no matter the zoom or maginification -RRB- , apparently the output simply bitmaps the display , sort of like a crude screen copy function . Last , but not least , this program is virtually unsupported , especially if you bought this retail . The best that the makers can do is refer you to a chat room , in which multiple agonized users seem to confirm that most of the flaws have no easy remedy -LRB- or indeed no fix at all -RRB- . On the positive side , I found the 3D rendering capabilities quite useful , and the preparation of straightforward designs is relative simple . In addition , it 's instructive to use the building materials catalog ... it gives one a good idea of the possibilities for color and design.However , I suspect that most users are like me in that they wish to produce a quality 2D plan that will pass muster for permits at the local building department . In this application , 3D Home Architect is certain to reduce users most to a sweaty , swearing lump .
 I am an avid fan and user of ACT ! 6.0 . My database is integrated with ACT ! for Palm and WinFax Pro and worked nicely since June 2003 . Then , I upgraded to ACT ! 2005 . First , the software simply ran like it was on a 4 year old system with 64 megs of ram . Luckily , Best Software provided an update the 2nd week of Feb. . Then , my ACT ! for Palm stopped working . Best Software promises that fix is on its way . But , the real kicker was the refusal by both Symantec and Best Software to provide some solution for WinFax 's inability to integrate with ACT ! 2005 . I contacted ACT ! first and was told that because Microsoft is updating to the Longhorn OS , Best Software had to stop integrating with WinFax Pro . Right . They then sugested I call Symantec and ask if they planned to offer an upgraded link to ACT ! 2005 . After speaking with 2 represenatives who 's names I can not spelll nor pronounce , I was directed to call ACT ! . I explained I had already called ACT ! and she assurred me it was Symantec 's division that dealt with ACT ! . She lied . The third represenative told me to revert back to ACT ! 6.0 and at that point I asked for a refund . WinFax Pro advertises its product as an integration solution for ACT ! . I was then handed to a fourth person who said they would call back in 2 days . Right . The real hardship of this situation is now ACT ! 2005 only integrates with Faxrush -LRB- ... -RRB- . Or , you can continue using WinFax Pro by purchasing an additional piece of software from yet another company -LRB- ... -RRB- which will integrate ACT ! 2005 with WinFax Pro . I will be doing the same as the above reviewer and adding this to my 2005 tax write off and looking into Microsoft 's contact manager .
 I wrote an earlier lukeware review of this product , but after using this now for a month , I 'm growing so dissillusioned with this software I 'm inclined to uninstall it and write it off as a loss . I 've used ACT in various versions since it first came out . I still have ACT 3 which I 'm thinking of trying to see if it runs on WinXP because it was tons more stable and less buggy than this release . In fact , as far as I can see there has been little by way of feature enhancement between the two , so all this company has done is introduce massive amounts of bugs into the software . There are too many examples to list but here 's one that really annoys me . When I import a text file with my contact names into this product , by default the program puts a country code of +256 in front of every number , which is the country code of Uganda!You wo n't see this though until you sync the database to a handheld device . I use a PocketPC phone . When I open a contact on the phone , low and behold every number starts with Country Code +256 ! So , to fix the problem , you need to go back through each and every record in ACT and specifically define it as US Country +1 , now how fun is that ??? Another littel gem happens when you use the product in conjunction with Outlook , which the company says is its strong point . Hmmm . Here 's what happens . Lets say you use Outlook calendaring to schedule internal or external meetings . It works great . But , at the same time , you want to use ACT calendar to schedule tasks , to-dos an make note of the fact that you have a meeting or call scheduled with one of your contacts . You do this to keep a record in the history database . Now , when you sync , ACT is too stupid to simply merge the two meeting types onto your handheld or into Outlook - no , it completely wipes out your outlook calendar , replacing it which your ACT calendar . So you have to choose between using one calendar vs antother . Seems to me they should give me an option to merge the two together.I could go on , the list of bugs is almost endless but you get the point . I 've ordered an upgrade to Office that includes Contacts Manager . I 'll check it out and if it works better - I will indeed remove this program from my machine , write off the expense from my taxes and forget about it !
 Being a user of ACT since 1990 , I thought I would continue to upgrade as I have in the past . What a mistake . 6.0 -LRB- was no IS -RRB- a good product . 2005 has a long way to go.I would like everyone to know when you transfer your 6.0 database to 2005 there is no way to revert back to 6.0 and bring your notes with.What a joke .
 I purchased this software as a longtime user of ACT . I used ACT 2000 , Act 6.0 and now have upgraded . Not only did I have a ton of problems with installing the software but the first update Best Software released , completely annihilated my machine and erased my existing database . I had to wait for over 2 hours for support . Thank goodness this problem happened within 30 of originally installing the program with otherwise they would have charge me $ 300 to by a support package so they could help me to fix a mistake of THEIR update . The program is good once it is up and running however my customer database is the lifeblood of my business . I will not trust this company and their apparent gross negligence to quality control , as well as their disregard for supporting the very products they release for general sale . If your business depends on a solid customer database program , do n't look at this company to fit the bill !
 I just installed ACT ! 2005 after using previous versions of ACT for 10 years . I was very disappointed . My custom layouts were not imported , system ran slow -LRB- hard drive ran for a very long time -RRB- and there just did not seem to be anything new or innovative . I do n't think this version is a step up or sideways , but in fact a step down.I think users on ACT 6.0 should stay on it . I have read other reviews and found nobody who thinks it works well.Best software needs to go back to the drawing board , start with version 6.0 -LRB- which is very good -RRB- and only upgrade when they have something new and better .
 I have used ACT since the first version in the 80 's . I tried all the others thoroughly and had settled on Act for the last 5 years and was HAPPY . I decided to upgrade from 6.0 after assurances from the salesman online that my Act for Palm OS would work in the new version . It does not . I have been trying to figure out what the advantages are for ACT 2005 . So far NONE . The ACT for Palm Link is terrible . You ca n't even read past a few letters of the record to know what you are looking at . They need to get their `` act '' together FAST .
 Example of Pinnacle Customer Support , Studio 8 worked fine , sluggish , but for my needs fine.Upgraded to Studio 9Does not work at all.Customer support wait time 45-80 minutes.Custom support once you actually get someone.NoneZeroZipZilchPinnacle works great when it works great . As for customer support , I would gladly pay 10 times as much for a product that works AND customer service that is actually there . You 'll love Pinnacle Products as long as it works great . But , when you need customer support , you 're better off asking your dead great-great-grandmother . Better Business Bureau have a 1-800 line ?
 I have to agree with the first reviewer who had some significant problems with Pinnacle Customer Service . I have returned a unit to them because of faulty manufacture , and have heard nothing from the Company since . No new box , no repaired box , and no response to e-mails . The next stop is the Better Business Bureau . Suggest that anyone considering Pinnacle Systems hardware go to their online support forum and see all of the examples of poor support . I wish I had done that prior to purchase .
 Like all video editing equipment for your computer , you 'll need a state of the art system . If not , expect to run any rendering overnight . The software is much slower than other programs out there for video editing . Also , make sure you 've striped your tapes before EVERY record , or else the box will lock-up frequently . Once you 've got everything in place , a systematic way to create your projects , and know how to overcome the poorly designed GUI , the box works great ! Oh , and once you 've got a stable version running , do n't upgrade ! This is a flawed product for a hefty price , but if you want to save your VHS tapes to DVD , it works -LRB- I 've been using it for about six months now -RRB- .
 Do your self a huge favor and do not buy this product . The tech support is awful , purchase a MAC or if you have a PC get the CANOPUS ADVC-100 it is much better and will work with Windows Movie maker .
 Before you take my word for it , go to www.pinnaclesys.com and browse the support forums for Sudio 8 and Studio 9 software . I 'm sure you will also conclude from the thousands -LRB- yes , thousands -RRB- of complaints that this product is garbage . Not only that , if you have problems with it , you have to spend hours calling Pinnacle support long distance ! If you think you can convert VHS home movies to DVD with this you will be more frustrated with this product than any other product you have ever purchased . I am not exaggerating . Stay away from Pinnacle products ; they only want your money from their false promises and they do not care about the consumer .
 I bought this and expected to make a web page and the program wo n't do anything . It 's difficult to understand and use . It was a wasted purchase . Do n't waste your money , get another program .
 I have not been able to properly install the product and decided it best to cut my losses and throw it out rather than risking the rest of my computer
 There are 2 reasons I am dissapointed with this software.First
 Hallmark has some wonderful pictures/graphics in the cards they have for your use , but the graphics in their clip art section are very limited both in selection and quality . They continue to not upgrade the editing possibilities in their programs and in this edition -LRB- 2006 Deluxe -RRB- , they even removed the crop tool ! You still can only select one graphic at a time , all other graphic programs allow you to select several graphics at one time . You also can only have one project open at a time , so if you want to use elements from two different cards to make your own card , that is not possible . I would have expected more from Hallmark by this time . The 2005 edition was lower end , so when I saw the new 2006 by a different manufacturer , I eagerly anticipated many changes for the better . This product seems to be a step backward . I would suggest you would get more for your money by buying CreataCard , Print Shop or PrintMaster . I am very disappointed in this product -LRB- and Hallmark should be , too ! -RRB- .
 Disappointed with the clip art . Old fashioned . Choice of cards not what I expected . I would n't recommend to anyone .
 Though this software may have a simple user interface , it lacks in printing options . Your printing choices are limited to the paper type/size included in the software . There are no updates available to increase the number of paper choices available . After nearly 2 hours of trying to manipulate the printing choices , I could not get the software to print portrait . I also could not get it to print correctly on my newly purchased Avery 3379 note card paper.Their customer support page is a joke . There is no link for any kind of downloads . The FAQ is already covered in the help text . The user forum is obviously written by Hallmark employees or the authors of the software and are useless.All in all , I am extremely disappointed in this product . I will be returning it . When you think about it , why would a company who is in the business of selling greeting cards at $ 3 a piece -LRB- or higher -RRB- want you to be able to create your own greeting cards ? Would n't that eventually put them out of business ?
 Very dissapointed , If you have the 2004 version do n't waste your money on this one .
 We did not receive the item and did n't mention the reason for the refusal to mail the program . The only method we notice the transaction had been credited to our account . This accured weeks after the expected delivery date . This was quite unacceptable .
 Very disappointed with this software . I expected to find graphics of the same quality as a Hallmark program I had a few years ago but found they had been replaced by so-so clip art . I can not recommend this to anyone who expects classic Hallmark-quality art .
 Just getting into this site told me that I have the `` old version '' of this card program . I previously had the 2004 version and loved it . Then I decided to go for the newer and Deluxe version . I have found that there are several cards that are unusuable as there are mistakes on the cards that ca n't be fixed . Considering that I have n't even got started properly and have already found these cards , I can only imagine what I am going to find as I REALLY get into the program . I am surprised that Hallmark would release something like this to the public . Given what I payed for this , ordering from Amazon , I 'm really disappointed . When you buy something like this , it should be perfect !!!!!
 I own HCS '04 and I thought -LRB- and still think -RRB- it 's on OK program with some performace issues . Now , we bought this at our local software store because it promised to be much better and faster than the '04 version . Me and my wife found both claims to be somewhat exaggerated . The difference between the '04 version and this '06 version is marginal and negligible at best . The problem of this application being a resource hog still there -LRB- taking more than 100Mb physical RAM and north of 20 % CPU at times -RRB- . Definitely not a good buy . Please ignore the 5-star rating given to this product -- there is no way on earth to give this poorly engineered piece of software 5-stars .
 If all you want to do is reporduce Hallmark cards as they are presented by the program , then this is for you . If you have used Printshop or Greeting Card Factory or any other card software , you will be disappointed by the limited flexibilty of this software . As far as extra clip art there is n't much . This is a rip off by Hallmark !
 This Hallmark Card Studio 2006 Deluxe I bought might not even deserve one star . I 've loaded many programs , but could n't make this one load , even after letting it load all night . I emailed tech support , and the response was to clean the discs . I did , but that did n't help . Of four discs , my loading always hung up on disc two . In the past , I easily loaded my HCS 2004 and 2005 , but this Creative Home software makes me wonder how and why in the world Hallmark Licensing , usually representing quality , I think , let themselves be represented by this product .
 This is the worst piece of junk software I have ever purchased ! If zero stars were offered I 'd give it that . It wo n't load on my 184 free gigs of hard drive and 1024 megs of ram ! I got taken do n't you do the same .
 When printing cards it leaves a large border around front of card graphics . The cards do not print anything like they are shown on box display with front of card display taking up the whole card . When I contacted tech support I was advised that in order to correct this problem my printer must have a borderless printing option . My printer does not & I have been using another major greeting card software for about a year and half and never had this problem with that program . There is nothing on the outside of box under the system requirements that states this.On the outside of the box it says you can return for refund if not satified within 30 days and that the details are in the box . There are not any details in the box and when I contacted the company I got run around in circles stating there were two companies involved with the software and was never given information on how it could be returned . I am stuck with it .
 I bought this software on the basis of one review I read here . I found the software , which is made by a separate division of hallmark called creative home , was very limited and gave very few choices of predesigned and prewritten cards to offer . There were many catorgories that were not included at all ! I called the company and they said they had heard this opionion many times . I was very unhappy with the software and I think there are better possiblities out there
 This was my fourth product of Hallmark software , but it will be my last . I came very close to returning it as per the 30 day option . In all the previous versions I could copy the clip art to use in other applications . This was one of main reasons for my purchasing a Hallmark product . I love their art -- nothing compares to it . The change with this version does not allow you to copy the clip art directly into any other product than a Hallmark product . I now have to open my old version as well as the new version , copy from the new version into the old version and then I can copy the clip art and paste it into other programs I use -LRB- specifically Publisher and Photo Draw -RRB- .
 Came without a shoulder strap ; I asked to have one sent and was told there are none left , so I had to return the briefcase . The bag I ended up with cost a lot more . It 's too bad .
 Do n't touch it . This is the most horrible excuse i 've ever seen for a train game ew ! This a bad game for kids to get into trains oh i love Lionel but they are not so good at games stick to the O gauge stuff . But seriously folks do n't waist your money on this game . How about Trainz very good game awsome ! well fell free to SEE MORE ABOUT ME Bye !
 At first I was very impressed with this software , as it seemed to find things no other anti-spyware software did , including SpySweeper , Spyware Doctor , SpyHunter , and a host of others . It ALWAYS finds what is supposed to be a Rootkit Virus named AFX . But this software managed to completely destroy my son 's computer . I have no idea how it managed it , but the computer will no longer recognize any mouse plugged in to the mouse port or a LogiTech mouse plugged into any of the USB ports . I reformatted the whole system , and I had exactly the same problem . Somehow it wrote some kind of internal code to the processor not to recognize the mouse . So this software cost me 600 dollars , not the 14.99 they sell if for at Office Depot.I think I should sue the company , but I have no way to prove this whatsoever.If you have any comments , I would love to hear them.Alex Maasa.maas@cox.net
 It sucks . Do n't waste your money . No customer support . If it does n't work , you are out .
 I downloaded the free trial version of Stopzilla . I ran the scan , it immediately identified 3 trojans . Only problem
 I bought Stopzilla on disc and put it on my desktop computer.That was fine , still running fine . I have a very new , very expensive Dell laptop . I bought an additinal license online and put it on the laptop . At first , things were fine . Then my mouse was n't working consistently . Then I could n't get a connection online . Then I got the black screen of death . could n't boot the computer up , could n't turn it off . Called Stopzilla . They could n't have cared less . And get this ! I got my credit card bill , and they charged me some $ 39.95 subscription fee instead of the $ 14.95 license . I have spent hours on the phone with AOL , Dell , and Verizon trying to get this all figured out . The laptop is still in ruins , even though the nice tech at Dell uninstalled the Stopzilla and did a full check up on the laptop . In case you have n't figured it out , I do n't recommend the Stopzilla software .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Customer support is terrible . I finally gave up on getting it to work and just took the loss . Then I received a yearly renewal charge on my credit card . I called to have it refunded , but they were very rude and said they would not because it was over 30 days since the charge . The best part is that they charged me on Feb 22nd and I received my credit card bill on March 30th !! - no way to win . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 well its fake.a big ass fake productits job is to kill virus . Dose not do thatDead as a those Dino 's that died billions of years ago.Stopzilla customer reps and tech support is rude . Demand for me to do as they pleaseIt mky hardware . its my money I am talking hear . you lesson to me . are you paying for my computer?are you paying for my taxes ? are you paying for my pay role ? these are some my my respond to Stopzillaeven loose my email account . saying my email is fruad . I say Bull I told them I paid so shut upGosh I hate rude people on the phone that makes demands or else.I serious think there is I.D theft going on
 I downloaded Stopzila and it said nothing about free trial etc etc. . I run it and HELLO ... got ta pay em before you can even see if it works . THEN ... registration is a real pain in the A ** ! I tried CHAT room ... no luck ! I call 1 877 number and get someone from the delta in Bangledesh . NO HITS < NO RUNS < lotsa errors . I hit Paypal for a refund . I 've seen virus ware outa russia works better than this ... and then try to get rid of it . Like renting yer house to a buncha immigrants ... screw this
 I tried to load an introductory version on my computer . The software hung up , made changes to some of my picks , and is a bear to uninstall . Leave this dog alone .
 SUPER malware . Cut off all broadband internet access in XP immediately upon installation for IE7 and Firefox . Had to REVO Uninstall the product , which restored the Net without even requiring rebooting . Recommend/Give this to your enemies .
 They were very good at the beginning but support got worse and worse . Had a infection SmileyDistrict , but in a event with support three months ago and still trying to get a solution !!!! Called to cancel and get a refund . Refused their offer of getting software for free for a lifetime since they DO N'T support it !!! What good is software if it is n't supported !!!!! Avoid like the plague !!!! Wo n't provide refund . Will be writing letter to President of company .
 Wow . This product is just abysmal . I 'm appalled that it is sold at all - the software that has actually installed on my computer is sloppily put together , and the rest wo n't properly install on Mac OS 10.5 . Customer service is non-existent . I keep on getting canned technical service responses that have nothing to do with the problem that I describe.I 'm trying to get a refund from this shabby operation and they still have n't responded . I have a feeling that I just kissed a lot of money good-bye . I can not warn you enough not to waste your money on this product .
 This is a waste of time and money . You need the Iomega hardware to get this to work , which with writable CD ROM renders the entire Iomega company basically obsolete.Move on to something else .
 BYTESIZE SOFTWARE Music Composer Professional -LRB- Windows -RRB- is a Shareware CDROM that 's worth its price -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . If you are just getting into computer music , you may find something helpful here . It is NOT a `` Professional '' CDROM .
 This game is basically just a big advertisement for John Deere and contains very little substance . I 've actually gotten better kid games out of a cereal box . The $ 19 price tag is asking a lot . The game works , and my kid seems to like playing it , though perhaps only because it 's there .
 On Windows ME and Windows XP PRO , the game gives IML32.DLL errors at various times . I am ** STILL ** waiting on a reply from Bold Games technical support -- a week since the technical support request.This is a cute game and my son enjoys it . But it is very annoying to say , `` do n't play that part because it always crashes '' or `` sorry it messed up again . ''
 Bought this for my grandson - age 3 . Does n't deserve even one star rating . Agree with other reviewer - it 's going in the trash . What a waste of $ 20 . So , save your money !
 My son , age 4 , begged for this game . However , after he 'd played it for the first time -- for all of a half hour -- he pronounced it `` boring '' and is unlikely to play it ever again . I agree with him , frankly . It is far less engaging than any other game he 's tried at home , at school , or at the library . Once he 'd mastered the basic gist of each of the six scenarios , that was it
 I got this for my grandson and was really disappointed . At certain places , I had trouble figuring out how to operate the game . My grandson tried it , could n't do much , and just quit the game.It requires that the original CD be put in the computer to run the game . It 's going in the trash .
 The system requirements state that a CD-R or CD-RW drive is needed for this program , but beware that not all CD-RW drives -LRB- such as my Memorex CDRW-4224 -RRB- will be supported by this program . Check their website first to ensure that your CD-R or CD-RW drive supported before buying .
 Do not buy this or any Cosmi or Starshine software . It installs Spyware on your computer and it will take an expert to get rid of it . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 My mama always said , `` if it aint broke , do n't fix it . '' That was never more true than with this software . This software -LRB- and system works -RRB- fixes `` problems '' that are n't even there , and causes there to be major conflicts with other software . It 's so bad , there was a MAJOR conflict with this program a Norton Anti-Virus 2000 , that made the Anti-virus software just not respond , ever . Then the computer would always go to the `` blue screen of death '' each time I booted Windows ME . Once I uninstalled Utilities , there were no more problems.I spoke with some rechs at Dell , -LRB- the place where I purchased my computer -RRB- , and they said Utilities does that alot , and that unless you know EXACTLY what you are doing , stay away
 This review is intended for Windows 2000 users only . If you have 9x/Me OS , please skip this review.Norton Utilities 2001 is the first version designed to work with business version of Windows . I have recently switched to Windows 2000 and just happened to have a disk problem and therefore I decided to try this product . I have been a Symantec software user for years and have never had reasons to complain . Right now I have to praise the company for offering the trialware , downloadable from its website . It 's really good to be able to test the program before you buy . NU 2001 does not offer as many utilities for Windows 2000 as it does for Windows 9x/Me . This is due to the fact that Windows 2000 is not connected to DOS anymore and its stability is enviable . In 9x/Me you needed Norton SpeedDisk , as the Windows included defragmenter could n't match its efficiency . In Windows 2000 you have an integrated defragmenting tool designed only for NTFS , a WIn2000 native file system . It 's fast and reliable and hence renders SpeedDisk useless . What I am most concerned about is the performance of Norton Utilities flagship program , Norton Disk Doctor . It has always been better than Microsoft Scandisk . Unfortunately , 2001 versions of Symantec products have been marketed too early . They are NOT optimized for Windows 2000 , they are not even fully compatible . Please have it in mind before you spend money . Instead , download free 30-day trial versions from Symantec website . Now I want to argue why I have such an opinion . Disk Doctor refused to perform its hard-disk check claiming that the disk is in use . I did n't have any programs open at the time of scan . Disk Doctor did not allow me to use `` fix errors '' feature and stopped scanning after the message that my partitions can not be scanned at all . I have 17GB hard disk with a single , healthy partition . I have a disk problem within free space , but I could n't use Disk Doctor while logged into Windows . I have tried many options withing Disk Doctor , but could not make it work . The only solution it offered is a scan scheduled for reboot , before I log into Windows . Excuse me ! Do they claim that this product is Windows 2000 compatible ? It does not work ! What is the purpose of using the software that can not be run while logged into Windows ! Remember that with WIn2000 you do n't have a DOS session , so that the conclusion is that you can forget about Disk Doctor . In Windows 2000 you have a program called Checkdisk included . It is designed to work before you log into Windows , if you schedule it . This means that Norton Disk Doctor does not offer you any feature that you already do n't have in Windows 2000 . Let 's see what else we have in Norton Utilities package . In Windows 2000 , system files are heavily protected . This means that Norton Utilities does not have access to important parts of your system . Because -LRB- contrary to WIn9x -RRB- you ca n't mess with your system files , you do n't need to repair it , either . In consequence , Norton WinDoctor is only partially useful . All in all , it 's not worth buying this software . I have e great respect for Symantec , but this time it seems that time pressed them to launch the product that was not finished , and certainly they should n't claim that it is WIndows 2000 compatible.I have also tried Symantec 's Norton Antivirus 2001 and in both NAV2001 and NU2001 you have a new version of Live Update included . Unfortunately , if you are an MS Outlook 2000 user , Live Update will overwrite your default email account with its ftp address . No matter how I tried , I could n't correct this bug . It 's nice to have an automatic update tool , but a neccessary condition for customer satisfaction is that it does not mess with your existing configuration.In summary , I would n't recommend Norton Utilities 2001 for Windows 2000 users . It seems better to wait for the next release and for now satisfy yourself with really good tools that you have included in your operating system .
 Be Warned They CHARGE for Call in support now !! In my opinion ; Norton used to make some great products . I used to recommend their Norton Utilities and Anti Virus programs to friends and install them on computers I assembled for them . Sadly , this has changed . They now have an online forum where you are forced to ask your questions . They may even get around to answering your question , but it takes days to get correct answers -LRB- if ever -RRB- . The quality of their software has plummeted also . Several other companies make similar products that are FAR superior . Not only do I not give them a positive review , I strongly recommend you do NOT use them .
 Be Warned They CHARGE for Call in support now !! In my opinion ; Norton used to make some great products . I used to recommend their Norton Utilities and Anti Virus programs to friends and install them on computers I assembled for them . Sadly , this has changed . They now have an online forum where you are forced to ask your questions . They may even get around to answering your question , but it takes days to get correct answers -LRB- if ever -RRB- . The quality of their software has plummeted also . Several other companies make similar products that are FAR superior . Not only do I not give them a positive review , I strongly recommend you do NOT use them .
 I used to like Norton 's utility suite , but the minor conflicts that would pop up on the early versions have morphed into major bugs and compatability issues that plague the newest release . Most of the utilities here just do n't get along with other software , and for a package that is supposed to fix up your system it caused an awful lot of freeze-ups and blue screens .
 I have had Norton Utilities for some time and found it to be useful and efficient in almost all of its utilities . The download and running of the programs has generally been flawless and beneficial without a hitch -- no system errors or crashes or incompatibilities . I must say that I do n't use the defrag utility as I already have another product I use for that -LRB- VoptME-excellent ! -RRB- I bought a new system which uses DDR RAM and have 512MB -LRB- 2 modules -RRB- memory installed . When running Norton 's system diagnostic -LRB- memory only -RRB- I repeatedly got memory address errors time after time . I reversed the modules and cleaned them and the slots according to Norton 's directions and still memory errors -- failed the test ! Could n't figure it out -- this was new memory ! I bought 2 new sticks of memory and the same thing happened . Strange after running 4 different reputable diagnostics and the memory passed each time -LRB- SmithMicro 's CheckIt , DocMem , Mem_86 , and BurnIT -RRB- I still got errors . I then tried one module at a time in each slot -LRB- 256MB -RRB- and voila ! passed with flying colors ! Tried the second module in each slot and passed -- no problem . Put both modules in as originally seated and memory errors again . Aha !! I 've got it . Went to Symantic 's website FAQ 's and found out that Utilities Suite wo n't diagnose more than 256MB memory at a time . This was after spending much time and money trying to find the solution to this problem . I really think this sort of thing should be mentioned on the box or manual -LRB- I ca n't find it -RRB- . After all , there might be many who have more than 256MB RAM and had the same thing happen -LRB- according to Norton 's FAQ 's there are ! -RRB- Really disappointed and surprised at this and my opinion of Norton has dropped more than one notch .
 I ca n't believe that someone would actually take the time to create such a horrible , defective , unreliable , useless , meaningless piece of software . I mean , c'mon ! I would n't buy this again if you gave it to me free with a handjob and a beer .
 I personally do n't recommend this product for WME users.For my 600MHz computer running Windows ME , IBM included a notice in the box claimed performance issues while running with WME , as well as that important `` direct dictation '' feature for works other than word processing -LRB- ie using Excel/Outlook/IE4 -RRB- will cause crashes . This made it not worth the price , and the risk of losing data.However , it works exceptionally well for 600MHz running Windows 98 including 2nd Edition , for that I will give 4 stars .
 I do n't need the features of ViaVoice Pro but guess what ? IBM forces you to buy the pro version if you are going to use it on Windows 2000 or NT.IBM 's marketing department stated that the only reason that they crippled ViaVoice Advanced so it does n't work on NT or 2000 is because if your using one of those operating systems , then you must be a `` Pro '' . Nice assumption .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this program . I was interested in holiday cards , but I was looking for Easter , Valentines Day & Halloween . I assumed holidays would include all . Not the case , very few cards for these holidays and not any sentiments for them . The selection for Christmas cards looks to be very good if that is what you are looking for . I am disappointed and will find very little use for this program . I had a little trouble downloading the program and uninstalling was a nightmare . Had to do manually . I tried to determine by the box what holidays were included but the advertisment said pick your holiday , better info on the box would be great .
 I was very excited about this product after using the predecessor . But when I went to install it I had continual problems . Finally it damaged my kerner driver , needed to install programs . I can not get it reinstored or replaced and I have tried everytyhing they have suggested . I notified customer service and received two blanket fixes - neither of which worked and now I have never heard from them again . I 'm very dissapointed in the fact this program damaged my compputer , and that customer service is only cursury at best . I have windows Milinniem edition with more that ample resources . I can not recommend purchase of this program at this time.Jim B
 The only people that could enjoy this game are the kids.But most of the questions are adult level . This can be a problem.If you see it somewhere at a garage sale for five bucks then maybe you should get it . It looks funner than it really is . You have to be bored as hell to even consider playing this game.I have no idea why I 'm even writing a review for this game.But hey , there are worse .
 I agree , it 's a great software , but after having updated to XP I have been unable to load the software . If you were successful , could you please let me know if there are any tricks ? Sierra told me it was not compatiable with XP and there were no plans to update .
 I was disappointed to learn that this product will not work on Windows XP . As I looked into the matter , I discovered that Sierra is discontinuing their MasterCook line . Very disappointing .
 Product is so outdated it would n't even load on my computer !!! Waste of money . Would not recommend for anyone looking for a good recipe product .
 Wish I had my $ $ $ back
 THIS PROGRAM GIVES YOU A LOT OF GREAT GRAPHICS . I WAS REALLY DISAPOINTED IN THE MESSAGES INCLUDED WITH THE PROGRAM . I HAVE AMERICAN GREETINGS PLATINUM 6 AND IT HAS MORE SPIRITUAL MESSAGES THAN THIS ONE DOES . IT JUST DID NOT GIVE ME WHAT I NEEDED TO DO THE JOB I HAVE TO DO .
 I was disappointed to learn that this product does not work on Windows XP . As I looked into the matter , I discovered that Sierra is discontinuing the MasterCook line . I have been using it since version 3 . It seems like they were so interested in making the interface ` pretty ' that they forgot to make it usable . Navigating is a real hassle . It 's not surprising that they decided to discontinue the line . It 's still very disappointing though.I started using Cook 'n and so far , I am extremely pleased . I received an e-mail message from the President himself shortly after registering . I was somewhat skeptical about it but I replied and discovered that the software was developed by a guy who loves what he does . He 's been doing it for nine years . I feel much more confident putting my recipes in Cook ` n. . . knowing that at least the product will be supported for years to come .
 Let 's summarize my thoughts and opinion , which hopefully may assist you in making your choice : - this course is only about how to structure a screenplay in 3 acts . This process has been highly doubted by industry professionals , cause it is copied from the theater which has it 's own limitations and style . The 3-act structure might be useful to analyse screenplays but not really to encourage a creative writing process . Also is it not suitable for anybody to write the happenings of each act down on 14 cards and organize them . Syd even breaks his own system by splitting the 2nd act into 2 parts -LRB- in fact now we have 4 acts -RRB- , so you have to use 2x14 cards to write down keywords . It feels like doing homework for primary school . I would rather encourage the following
 Syd 's book is great.This DVD is dead wood.It 's him talking to the camera , with no passion , telling us the tenets of his book.But it 's all dead.Just dead.One redeeming quality
 Syd Field is probably the fakest person in the industry ! As far as I know he 's never actually written a produced screenplay . I 'm represented by a William Morris agent and Syd Field 's lessons and references got me laughed at when I first approached getting an agent.Buy The Screenwriter 's Bible by David Trottier . He actually has his name on several products in the business and is also the book that my agent introduced me to .
 this DVD sucks ... more boring than a junior college english course ... i did n't learn a thing from it . but then again , i did n't learn a thing from syd 's courses either . If he 's such a great screenwriting teacher , how come he 's not out writing oscar winning scripts ... you know the saying , `` those who ca n't , teach . ''
 My experience with this product was COMPLETELY NEGATIVE . It did NOT erase the hard drive data - instead it erased the Windows operating system . The data was still on the hard drive , but the computer could not be started again . To dispose of the computer I had to remove the hard drive from the machine and destroy it with a sledge hammer . I did not need useless software to destroy the drive . this software does not work and causes additional damage to the computer.This company 's customer service is even worse than the software -- consider yourself WARNED !
 I bought this so I could completely erase the hard drive on my old desktop before I donated it.The Boot CD is supposed to erase a hard drive in 3 easy steps . It flat out does not work ! I spent several hours trying to get it to work and trolled the web for suggestions . I changed BIOS settings , rebooted numerous times , tried the DVD and CD drives ... nothing worked . It 's supposed to be as simple as `` 1 . insert the Boot CD into your CD-ROM drive , 2 . restart your computer , and 3 . delete your data with confidence . '' NopeSo then I tried the other CD hoping I could erase most data since the Boot CD did n't work . The other CD prompts for serial number but rejects the one it came with.The 80 + page user guide had no troubleshooting suggestions for either of these issues.I ultimately downloaded DBAN for free and successfully used that .
 I used this software to erase my data from my old computer before selling it , and like the other reviewer , when it was finished doing it 's damage , the computer could not be booted up . Even Dell could n't help me . The rescue disc did n't work , nothing would boot up this computer . I wound up having to give the money back to the person who bought my computer , so I was actually OUT the $ 29.99 for the software . A huge disappointment !
 purchased this product yesterday all to find that it will not recognize SATA hard disks . In search of a new product .
 I am very disappointed as the product key was rejected when attempting to register . Further to give the manufacturer a second chance I contacted them in writing on their form on their website and I have not been responded to ! I even stated I would like to avoid an A-Z claim / return but they apparently care * NOT * about servicing their product . Dont Buy .
 Do n't waste your money on this software . I purchased this software to erase a hard drive before donating the computer . I initially tried running this software from the hard drive after installing it . It would not run with all of the many little programs that Windows opens running . I then created a boot disk from the software and used it to boot the computer . It then said it could n't erase the hard drive as configured , despite the fact that the BIOS showed that it was configured correctly for Drive Erase . I eventually purchased Webroot 's Wndow Washer , which worked perfectly .
 This product is outdated junk . It is effective for machines that are XP and older , but not any of today 's machines . Will not work with SATA drives -LRB- more than likely the computer you are viewing this with contains a SATA drive ... -RRB- . When you go to boot the disk up you will get an error message stating `` hard disk drive not found '' . It is there and functioning properly it is just that this old school software is not compatible with SATA drives . If you call customer support as I did on 12/28/2010 , they can not help you and openly state that this software was written years ago for machines that are now dinosaurs and that `` Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't '' . That said , this software is out-of-date garbage . Take a pass unless you have an very old machine .
 Like some others the S/N for this product was rejected by the product . No product support on the weekend . Not in the mood to make an already difficult job worse by fighting with tech support issues . I 'll be returning this to the makers for the full refund . I bought WiveDrive System Saver and will not have to reinstall the OS which will be a good time saver.Forget this program and try a different one . This was a waste of time.Disappointed .
 I spent over an hour and a half on the phone with Nova 's technical supportand still they could n't get Drive Erase Pro to load and work as advertised.Finally a senior tech advisor told me to call the computer manufacturer -LRB- Dell -RRB- to have them help me . The Dell tech . advisor told me that Nova 's disk was defective.Dell downloaded another app . to clean my hard drive.Stay away from this product to save yourself from hours of frustration . I ` mreturning it to get my money back !
 I needed to get a will done for my wife and myself , and was attracted to this by the price . It turned out not to be particularly useful . I found it clunky and difficult to use , and the help features are very weak . What 's more , this is the only program of many I have installed on my computer , and it caused some minor installation problems , continually prompting me to install additional software , and giving me headaches as I had to exit out of each prompt.I got Quicken Willmaker for free along with a download of a different Intuit program , and found it much easier , and much more user friendly.So , all in all , not a terribly good buy , even for the bargain price . My advice would be to keep shopping , and spend a little more to get a better program .
 There is n't anything on this program for guardianship and that 's the main reason why I 'm revising my will . I ended up finding a free program online . What a waste of money!PS
 No paga por esta programa . Hay un precio por CADA tiempo para ayudar de $ 10 , CADA tiempo . Es un mejor `` rip-off '' de la compania `` Nuance Dragon Naturally Speaking . ''
 I am not sure who this is for.I could not spend any time to find out more because it is very poorly built and odd looking graphics.Dumped it in trash within 5 mins after I opened the package .
 I have used free ffmgeg4 for a while to get movies for my son on the road on Sony PSP . Purchased Popcorn 2 in hope it will provide more convenience with chapter/features selection.Found , that while encoding with the same bitrate/size constrains , Popcorn produces junk results on my PSP compared to ffmpeg4 - pixelated squares all over the screen . No convenience in selecting the screen ratios and sizes - like `` Autoselect best settings for that movie on the selected device '' . Waste of money , unless you want to buy and carry tonns of SD cards around to encode with higher rates . But then , factor in the price of SD cards.The bottom line - no expected convenience , awful quality .
 Bought this and it does not work on my Mac Mini G4 . Checked some internet forums and apparently there are lots of people out there getting the same inexplicable error messages . Tech support from Roxio non-existant . Total waste of money.Bought FastDVDCopy and have n't had any problems.This software is full of bugs . Check out numerous internet postings on this . Beware !
 I bought it thinking it would do what TOASTER couldnt , to make back ups of my DVD movies as they say it would ... but it doesnt ... i wasted my money
 I bought this thing , thinking it was something else entirely , installed the doggone thing , and have found that it does absolutely NOTHING that my Mac is not capable doing with the software that came on the HD for FREE . Of course , now the package is open , and there 's not a chance of returning it . Completely worthless .
 I have the new macbook pro and this product will not burn anything , it continues to show errors . I have wasted a lot of DVD R 's because of this product . It is slow and is supposed to be universal with the my mac . However , this product does not work . In addition , I have had no luck getting in contact with their support center . There is none !
 This program does n't seem to work for many people . Be sure to read some of the online forums describing problems . Mine was
 I am at a loss to see the use for this program . I have used Toast 5 and 6 and found them both to be well thought out applications . Aside from compressing -LRB- and therefore reducing the quality of -RRB- video to fit on a 1 hour DVD -LRB- unnecessary if you have a dual layer burner -RRB- I ca n't see much you can do with Popcorn that you ca n't already do with iLife or Toast . It is very frustrating that the . mov , mpeg 4 and other such file formats can only be used when you are transferring to a portable . Dropping those file formats into the program when you want to burn a DVD produces an error message . Save your money for something useful .
 this is an old version and it did not work on my computer . My computer froze at the second -LRB- maybe third -RRB- step on set up process.I was really disappointed .
 I can not get it to work . I tried Windows 7 32 bit and a windows 7 64 bit . Both machines freeze up on the first screen when it ask if you want to import your photos .
 If you want zero control and want to let the software make all the decisions for you , this is it . If you have any creativity yourself , you might find this software a bit basic .
 I bought Nero 4 a month ago . I tried to add my music-It only takes MP-3 -- All my music is WMA . So I can not use the music I like . I burned one CD -- No Music - Nero requires I connect to the Internet to Burn -- Why ? It also took 58 minutes to burn 200 photos . A burn usually takes 10 minutes . I emailed Nero 2 weeks ago with these complaints -- No response . So I do not know if there is a way to correct these problems . AJC
 I made the mistake of purchasing the Nero Photoshop Deluxe online . Downloaded it and it has not worked since day one . After many E-Mails to Nero to resolve the problems I have yet to receive a solution . Absolutely no response from anyone at Nero . They definitely had no problem taking my money . This product does not work if you download the version . Shame on Nero .
 Very easy to work with but the final result low queality resolution pictures .
 I want to burn my digital pictures with text and audio and the program doesnot do that . Dud cna ' t use . It is ashame that I can go to block buster and bring home a DVD and it will play on any machine . But tryto find DVD software to do that at home is impossible . The best program to burn is a JASC for CD but you ca n't do a DVD . / Roxio is another Dud i tried roxio 6 and 8
 Software is not as good as others out there , sorry I bought it .
 I 'd heard good things about Nero , after using Roxio to create video CD 's I thought I 'd give Nero a try . I was extremely dissappointed . For the first time user who does n't know much different they probably would think it was great . Very easy to use . Unfortunately , it 's also very limited . Which is my biggest problem . I would like to be able to edit the slideshows and you can not do it.You ca n't edit the sequence of the pictures when creating a slide show . Once you view the slide show you ca n't add or delete a picture without creating another one and starting all over.You can only use one song.You ca n't chose how long the transitions are . Also there are no preview of what the transitions do.The themes are cheesy looking.These might seem like minor issues , but for anyone that has ever created a slideshow you know that editing is a or should be a basic function . I do n't claim to be a expert user of slideshow creations , but I do suggest even the most novice would be better off selecting Roxio , or another program .
 I love the simplicity of use in arranging a slideshow . It is even great playing the slideshow on the computer ... but beware if you actually want to burn a DVD of your slideshow . We have had two responses back from NEro but they have been unable to help us with this . We have also loaded the program on two different computers and have been unable to burn a DVD from it ... even their sample show . We have the PHotoshow Deluxe 4.5 version that does include the ability to burn DVD 's . Do n't waste your money on this one . Very dissappointing !!
 Simplicity is with the picture slide show available in Nero 7 , but it is limited , to among other things , 99 pictures . And it is a great deal easier to use than PhotoShow Deluxe 4 . Which reminds me of trying to buy a used car . The salesman -LRB- in this case Nero -RRB- continuously tries to sell you something else . Never mind your concerns about the product you just bought . This product is not user friendly and , for me , failed to save the slide show and since there is no SAVE button ... I sent `` Nerosupport '' an Email five days ago today . No response at all . The e-mail address used is contained in the manual . Deluxe 4 does not show a list of the music you desire to play and the film strip of the pictures you want to use is so small ; I ca n't make out what is what . There are some great functions ... some just do n't work.Would have to rate this Nero product a Do not buy .
 Nero PhotoShow Deluxe 4 is fun and easy to use , but I did n't find it more useable or having more features than the one I had previously downloaded for free on the Nero site . I had hoped to have a program that I could use to create slide shows and save them on a CD , but that was not the case . They still have to be uploaded to Nero 's website and then CD 's are available for purchase to viewers who want them . I do n't want to have to pay for a photo show that I already purchased a program to create . I would not recommend this program when a program providing the same options can be downloaded for free on the internet .
 I just starting using this program today . First thing I noticed was it did n't find all the photos in my `` My Pictures '' folder . When I went into the preferences to re-add the `` my pictures folder '' as the home folder it still did n't find all the folders in that folder ? Even when I added the missing folders in preferences as additional folders to watch , it still did n't show up ? It did find all kinds of other photos including system jpg and gifs from the computer which were not even in the `` my pictures '' folder or any of its subfolders ? If there are photos you do n't want to show up in Photoshow you ca n't just remove them from photoshow as you ca n't remove a picture from photoshow without it deleting them from your computer.The interface is not very user friendly and creates more frustration that anything . The program also seems to be more about creating photo projects and gifts which you can purchase from within the interface . Nothing like having a salesman sitting over yous shoulder bugging you to buy something while your trying to manage your photos . I consider myself an advanced computer user and feel bad for the average user that tries to use this software . Do not recommend this program . If there was something less than 1 star it would have received it . I have un-installed this software from my computer .
 I purchased Photoshow 4 Deluxe specifically to put my Mp3 tracks to a slide show . It does not work as advertised . Even after going through support they ran into the same problems and said they would get back to me which they did not . Otherwise it works well if you like the alternate artist music they provide -LRB- I do not -RRB- Disappointed in their ability to update to fix problems . Even their Photoshow 5 did not fix the problem as I would have bought it .
 The reason I bought this product was to make slide shows to play on my dvd player . When I tried to create the dvd the program would time out over and over . I would waste 2 hours and then it would time out at 96 % done . When I asked for help from support I got a three page solution that would take a long time and would only be understood by a technician . I am not happy and would not buy another product from nero . The program itself was great but for the purpose of watching the shows off your pc it was a disapointment .
 I spent several hours plotting out my home plat and gardens . An initial short coming is the program 's inability to have north point anywhere other than the pre set position , which would require angling all the rooms when placing them . I should have quit right there and saved myself serious frustration.The manual is slightly less useless than the on screen help which is incapable of finding simple search terms.These problems pale in comparison to the program blue screening my computer -LRB- which is well over system requirements -RRB- when I set up a small garden and made some adjustments to the plant characteristics . This fish is being thrown back ASAP .
 Save yourself hours of frustration trying to get this buggy program to work -- steer clear of this one ! Also , do n't believe the 100 % customer satisfaction guarantee -- they do n't return phone calls . My advice is to check out `` try before you buy '' downloadable trial programs to find something you will like -- and that works !
 I was hoping I 'd like this more than the corporate bookkeeping system I currently use . We have an acccountant , but like to keep track of the day to day books and cash flow . I was hoping this would be a little easier on us -LRB- two of us handle bookkeeping and neither of us have a background in finance or accounting -RRB- . But I was really unimpressed . The templates are n't much of a help for our kind of business and there 's not even a check register in the program!Support is also pretty lousy . I know -- what can you expect for under $ 50 , but I expected a flippin ' check register at least!While we will give this another try , I am more than likely going to go back to our old program and chalk this up to an unsuccessful adventure in our search for a good small business bookkeeping package .
 My daughter is 4 and loves all things Disney . This game has a lot to offer and in the beginning she was very gung-ho about playing . But at this age , there needs to be rewards rather frequently to maintain their interest . In Phonics Quest , there are plenty of choices for her to choose from-which is great . And many of the games are quite educational . There is a game for sorting and listening skills . One for ryhming words . Another for patterns . There is simple spelling-fill in the missing letter , and so on . The problem with it is that the kids have to work for a long time to get each prize-the missing items from the castle for which Mickey is on a quest . By a long time , I mean that they have to answer about 20 or more problems in each of the 6 rounds . Then , there are 6 prizes in all to get . Now , after all of this hard work , one would expect a little fanfare for the kids to make it worth fighting for . But the fan fare is almost non existent and then just rushes you off to do it again . I find its the fan fare that keeps them coming back for more . Jaclynn has stopped coming back for more after about 4 rounds and dubbed the game boring .
 In a word , disappointing . We purchased this game thinking it was representative of Disney interactive products . At first , our five year old son enjoyed playing it but quickly bored of it . Kids have to repeat the phonics exercises over and over and over again - sometimes more than 10 times - to receive any kind of fan-fare or reward in retrieving the Sorcerer 's lost items . Excellent graphics and great activities but there certainly should be more verbal or graphic reward as incentives to make the child want to further pursue the game . Kids of this age react much better to more frequent reward ... and this game just disappoints for computer active , advanced children . Other Disney products have been better received .
 I bought this title yesterday . My 4 year old son loved the graphics and the games , but - as others have said before me - they go on for wayyyy to long . He was answering them correctly , but more questions just kept coming . He lost patience after the 10th question in a row , and moved on to another activity only to find the same thing.As a parent , I was disappointed in the `` phonics '' of the program . I am teaching my son to read at home , and he is sounding out words very well . This program does n't teach you how to sounds out words , it just asked you to identify the words with the pictures . For example , my son would see the word TABLE and just sounds the first letter and guess that the picture of the table went with the word . Now , he was correct , but this did n't really teach him anything but how to be a good guesser . Even if he liked this program , I would not want him to use it because it does n't teach him the `` phonics '' building blocks to really be a good reader .
 My two-year-old is already adept with a mouse and enjoys games like `` Blue 's Birthday '' and `` Sesame Street Letters . '' The slow pace of this game , long narrations , and the fact that he only has to scroll-over pictures and not click on them are very frustrating to him . He really wants to play with Pooh , but it just makes him angry.I was especially disapointed with the foreign language section . Instead of using a total-immersion method such as introducing a new friend who speaks to children only in the foreign language , Rabbit operates a translator machine . Words go in in English and come out -LRB- quite a while later -RRB- in Spanish . No explanation is given , and the child is left wondering why Rabbit is using nonsense words.I do n't recommend this to any child with computer abilities . They will find it boring at best , frustrating at worst .
 My 2 year old is just starting out on the computer . We have been * very * happy with most toddler software we have tried such as Reader Rabbit and Jumpstart . This software was our first big let down . There are only a handful of activities on this disc and each one is pretty dull with little educational or interactive value . Would not recommend .
 But there is n't such a rating . I have a lot of games and tons of software for my PC . So , why does this software crash my computer every time I attempt to install and run it ? There is supposedly a fix on a Disney software site , but nothing has made it work so far . I 'm an experienced PC user over many years now . Software produced by Disney -LRB- or anybody for that matter -RRB- should come out of the box ready to work . The box says it will work with WinXP , so it should . It does n't . I am very disappointed since my daughter would love learning with Pooh Bear .
 The description of this product sounds all too enticing , but beware ! Instead of 4 CDs you will receive only one -LRB- the first one on the picture -RRB- , and will find it of little use other than for hearing sounds , and elementary bisyllabic word pronunciation .
 I bought this software on the recommendation of my father who uses it regularly . I was astonished at the price on jumped on the purchase . To my dismay I purchased a copy for Tax Year 2003 . This information should have been listed in the details on the product . Glad I did n't pay too much for it .
 Very poorly done . No ability to search for an item type -LRB- e.g. ` gym bag ' -RRB- -- need to poke around the categories to see if you find it . Entered items in the ` Other ' category and it duplicated them every time I saved , so I ended up with many copies of the same entry . Makes me question other H&R Block software .
 I bought DeductionPro because I 'd donated a lot of old clothing , furniture and books to charity last year , and I wanted some assistance organizing and valuing those contributions for my tax preparation . DeductionPro allowed me to enter all of this information , provided a table for estimating their value , and prepared the required IRS form for claiming those deductions since they were valued at over $ 500 . Beyond that , there 's not much to this software . Its user interface is not very slick . There fields have limited space to enter information , the error messages are not helpful , there are no good instructions , and it 's overall look and feel is pretty amateurish . I was n't very impressed . However , since it comes free with TaxCut , it was clearly worth the money I -LRB- did n't -RRB- pay.There 's nothing here that you ca n't get by simply using tax preparation software . The only real value add is the valuation tables , and they are pretty limited . You can also use it to record cash donations , out of pocket expenses and other kinds of deductions . However , unlike TaxCut , there 's limited advise available for doing so , and no obvious benefit to using this software for those things.On the whole , using DeductionPro benefited me , but it 's nothing to write home about . If you do n't need the merchandise valuation tables for non-cash donations , I would n't spend the time or money to use this software . Your tax prep software will do it all just as well . If you do need help valuing your donations , then this might make your life a little easier , but not much .
 This program is basically a simple database that allows you to enter your donations . It will help you value your donations , but it 's difficult to do in the program . You need to know which category your item is listed under before you can find it 's value in this program . It does n't let you search for your item to find the value . I do n't see any value in this program . Entering all of your donations in this program is a hassle . It 's easier to enter them directly into your tax program .
 I got it last year for free after rebate . -LRB- Well , free after a 6 month battle with H&R Block on them honoring the rebate . -RRB- It is quite possible the hardest to use software ever sold . If they gave you an Excel spreadsheet with tables it would be EASIER and more functional . I 'm not kidding .
 Warning
 Do n't even bother ... Even an excel spreadsheet is easier than this . There is no way to enter multiple different items that were given on the same date . You have to type the date for each item individually -LRB- not even a copy/paste function -RRB- . When looking up the value of an item you have to go through multiple menu 's that are n't arranged well . Very clunky and disappointing .
 I bought the software and the first step it requires you to do is to enter organization name and address . It gives you so little space for both that I ca n't even enter my church name in a meaningful way . I can barely enter street address of all the organizations . I have to use the TaxCut software to modify the names once they are imported . It 's useless ! The only good thing is that I do get my rebate so at least it 's free .
 After installing Deduction Pro 2007 , it instructed me to check for updates . I did , and got the following error message
 H&R goes beyond stinking on this pieces of bad software . . after wasting 1 hr on this lousy piece of crap . . it wont even import my file . . wish I could take then to court for wasting my time ...
 The application does n't function as it did in previous years . The interface is not very impressive at all . Once you complete entering your donations and save the file , it is practically impossible -LRB- following the instructions -RRB- to import your contributions into H&R Block @ Home Deluxe 2009 . I was absolutely stunned . Now , i 'm afraid to use the software since it is so buggy . I 'm mailing it back to H&R Block in Kansas City .
 I had done a lot of work entering deductions from the prior year . The New Year came , and I started getting ready to prepare my taxes . I fired up Deduction Pro to make sure I 'd entered all my deductions , and the program advised me that an update was available . Fine , I thought , I 'd get the latest version . Apparently the manufacturer 's website thought I was trying to pull a fast one and use the program for another year without paying for another license , because , when the `` update '' was finished , my carefully-entered record of deductions for the prior calendar year , for which I was about to prepare my taxes , was DELETED ! No trace of any of the work I 'd done ! That 'll teach me to even appear as though I 'm trying to use the program for another year!I had fortunately kept records , and was able to enter my deductions the `` old-fashioned '' way , entry by entry , into my TaxCut software.By the way , why does this program not come out in January , so that a person could keep track of deductions AS THEY ARE MADE , instead of trying to reconstruct deductions from records during the fourth quarter of the year in which they were made?I wish there were a `` negative stars '' rating for this software . It cost me more in my time than the value of the money i paid for it .
 Please do n't make the same mistake I made . This program and `` The American Sign Languaje Dictionary on CD-Rom '' are exactly the same program.If you are running XP , you will have problems installing Hypersign . Eventhough , the program says to be XP compatible , I did run into some problems installing Hypersign.The other 3 programs are ok .
 These are by far the worst CDs I have ever had the displeasure of giving to my son , and he 's got at least 50 + different software titles . He 's been nothing but frustrated with these poorly designed and boring programs.Save your money !! It 's unfortunately too late for us .
 sendphoto 5 does NOT work with outlook 2007 , problem was reported in the support forums over 1 year , but still no resolution or discussion from the s/w makervery poor support from company
 I have used SystemSuite from both Ontrack and V-Com for many years and have enjoyed both , for their basic use and excellent tools . I decided to try System Mechanic 4 , with a coupon , and WHAT a mistake I made . The suite does clear out misc files out of the computer , but be aware , be VERY aware of what is being eliminated . The Suite will eliminate needed OS files if you are not aware and before you know it , your system is down and out . I tried to be as careful as I could be , but I had to use my GOBACK from Roxio to restore to a prior working condition . The big thing about System Mechanic is that it does not redflag any needed files prior to deletion . It just throws all the deleted files together and it is up to you to decide which one 's will go . After approx 2 weeks of use , I uninstalled and round filed this useless software , since I spent more time looking at everything that was going to be cleaned from my computer than just allowing this software to do its job . DO not trust this software , unless you have System Restore software installed .
 As a long time user of System Mechanic 3 -LRB- SM3 -RRB- , I am quite disappointed in the quality and integrity of IOLO 's System Mechanic 4 -LRB- SM4 -RRB- . I upgraded to SM4 based on the good will and trust I developed using SM3 . SM4 is a flawed product from a company that prides itself on support . In my opinion , the promoting of excellent support should begin with putting out a product that does what its advertising says it should do , before you have to wait for a fix . After numerous complaints from other users -LRB- including myself -RRB- , IOLO still has n't got its Disk Degfragging tool that is packaged with SM4 to work efficiently and safely for the all users . When I have asked directly for a refund on this product from the company , I was told all sales are final and I should wait until they fix the product.Very DisappointedWTL
 I bought this product as a whim , hoping to get a complete registry fixer/defragmentation program . The registry ` fixer ' portion works pretty good , but the disk defrag program is horrendous compared to even the basic defrag program that comes with XP . I ran diskeeper , windows xp defragmentation , and system mechanic 4 's defrag program . XP and diskeeper stated that my drive was n't even defragmented , while SM4 's stated it was about 10 % defragmented . The choice between quick and optimized defragmentation is a waste , as well . The optimized defragmentation program states it ` packs ' all your data to the front of the drive , thus lessening future defragmentation . Well , I started it at 10 PM , woke up at 7 AM , and the defragmentation was STILL not complete . The rest of the programs are at most partially helpful , as most of their functions can be found in better shareware/freeware programs .
 I bought this hot steaming pile of poo at Walmart , installed it , ran some of the utilities , and voila ! I had to reinstall Windows XP !! I believe it deleted some critical registry items -LRB- I should have known better , so shame on me -RRB- . I could n't wait to uninstall this crappy program.Don ' t walk - RUN away from this one .
 I used this product exactly 1 time then junked it . Its good if you want to find duplicate files , the optimizer just irritated me with a much longer start-up since it compacted the registry , and the de-frag was so lame i had to regedit to disable all active programs except for taskmon.exe and explorer shell or it would read an active drive and restart took an overnite defrag and still nothing . what a waste of time . Do n't look to this program if you want to FIND problems and fix them , it only does decent if your computer is problem free to begin with .
 I have never seen a worse product for children , of any age.First of all -- it has bugs ! That 's a total no-no . The instructions are obtuse , at best . Sometimes they are downright misleading.Some screens do n't have the exit arrow at all and you have to stumble through the program to get out.The modules are unimaginative , unvaried and downright boring . In addition , they are really not rated right by age -- they are much too easy for my pre-schooler , let alone a kindergartner !
 This software is so ridiculously easy that I ca n't fathom how Disney came up with the age designation . Having purchased Disney learning cd 's in the past which were labeled for the age groups of `` Preschool '' and `` Ages 3-6 '' , we naturally thought that software labeled for `` Ages 4-6 '' would be at least at the same level as the `` Ages 3-6 '' , and hopefully a little more challenging . This was n't the case at all . Their idea of `` Simple Arithmetic '' is to have the child click on the number that is said and then the game counts that number of balloons for them . This is nothing more than number identification for the child . The `` Early Reading and Spelling '' consists of matching a word to a picture , or finding a picture that starts with a featured letter . `` Language and Verbs '' does n't teach anything at all . The child just clicks on one of three words , all verbs , and watches Tigger perform that action . Someone tell me , how does choosing between `` sit '' , `` dance '' , and `` bounce '' teach a person anything about language or verbs ! I wo n't even get started on the lazy way in which the foreign language is incorporated.The only redeeming section of this software is the part where Tigger is helped in following a treasure map . This was a nice way of teaching compass directions.This game was cheaply done in every way - content to graphics . Such a shame . Two other Disney learning software titles that we thought were decent , Ready for Math and Ready to Read , were much better . ...
 Shame on Disney Interactive ! In less than 18 months the re-release games with very little additions for the same price as the original ! No discounts for owners of the original . This is as bad as buying a DVD and a special edition comes out soon after . If this is their new strategy , you might as well wait a year for the next addition ! By the way
 I purchased Norton Internet Security 3.0 which includes Norton AntiVirus . I installed on my new Macbook pro . The software crashed my system and gave error messages on start-up and upon runnig . Only after multiple installs and 2 hours waiting for a customer service on their on-line chat , did they inform me that it does not work with OS 10 !!! Nowhere during purchase do they note this significant draw-back and compatibility issue . You also can only talk to a representative by paying $ 9.95 and waiting . With the download , they only allow you to download during a two month period . After that if you would have to re-purchase the software to re-download .
 The product itself works fine during the year of purchase . However , the real trouble begins upon trying to renew your yearly subscription via Symantec website . As an American living overseas , I handle a large number of transactions on the web with excellent results ... until I need to renew my Symantec -LRB- Norton -RRB- subscription . Even with the patient help of my credit card provider , I was not able to get the website to accept my information . And it leaves the consumer no reasonable option for getting support . Therefore , I am again buying a new package via Amazon , instead of the promised efficiency of renewal support at reduced prices through the Symantec website . This is the third time this type of situation has happened . And it 's unique to Symantec , from my experience . As the whole value of this product is based on `` pay higher price with initial purchase , but then pay low annual renewal fees for future years '' , the inability to renew makes this a much more expensive and much less convenient product than it initiatlly appears . I 've reached my limit . I 'm researching the competition now , and switching at my next opportunity . I honestly hope your experience is better than mine .
 If you want to waste a day watching your beautiful Tiger running Mac implode , buy this product . It does not install properly and then it becomes fascinating to watch the cross-platform problems multiply . Keep it far away from your computer , you do n't need it .
 Every time I tried using Norton Antivirus to run a virus scan on a folder or drive , it crashed or froze . The few scans it did manage to perform never found a single virus , although the free ClamXAV managed to find several Windows viruses amongst the same files . I was running this on PowerPC 's , not even Intel machines . It seems to slow the whole system down , even when you set the scanning to a minimum . I ca n't believe how much Norton charges for an antivirus program that not only does n't even function , but whose virus update subscription runs out after a year . Luckily , I had gotten a free copy of this from work to try out . In the days of Mac Classic OS I used Norton products all the time , but I ca n't recommend any of them anymore . I uninstalled this from all my macs and will never use it again . It was pretty obvious when Norton stopped updating Disk Doctor that they lost all interest in supporting the Mac platform .
 You 've got a mac right ? You 've got OS 10.4 , right ? Why do you need this ? Why did I buy it ?
 I used to be a Norton true believer , for years using everything they sold . Ever since Apple went to OS X , though , Norton has been falling down on the job.First , their Utilities tied my earlier -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- system in knots , forcing me to literally pry open the CD slot and extract the disk in order to have the system software start up again ... then they gave up and stopped making Norton Utilities for Macs altogether . -LRB- And , no , it was n't the computer 's fault -- it 's been error free ever since I banished Norton in favor of alternative utilities . -RRB- Then came Norton AntiVirus -- the most useless waste of money anywhere . The interface is VERY POORLY THOUGHT OUT compared to VirusBarrier and Virex , for example , in that it forces it 's will upon how you manage your desktop . Also , it -LRB- a -RRB- is extremely intrusive in that it installs components throughout your system , -LRB- b -RRB- constantly interrupts workflow to ask questions I 've already answered , and -LRB- c -RRB- works WAY too slowly.Did Norton AntiVirus ever stop any viruses from attacking my Mac ? Possibly , although the number of viruses that OS X is vulnerable to -- compared to the 14,000 or so to which PCs are vulnerable -- is close to zilch . Even so , I 'm not recommending that you NOT have virus protection . I just suggest you go with VirusBarrier or Virex instead . They 're a bit more expensive , but well worth it . If cost is an issue , use ClamXav -- it 's freeware , has a great reputation , and is now available in Universal mode .
 This software is little more than another virus . Full of unnecessary pop-ups . Slows the computer down . And worst of all , it can not be uninstalled as evidenced by the complaints about it online . Google `` How to uninstall Norton antivirus from Macintosh . '' and you will find thousands of complaints about it as well as complaints that Symantec wo n't support it . In my experience , all of the complaints are justified . Do n't waste your money or endanger your Mac with this turd that wo n't flush .
 I 've worked with Norton AntiVirus -LRB- the consumer product -RRB- and Symantec AntiVirus -LRB- the corporate product -RRB- for PCs and they 're great.Unfortunately Symantec has dropped the ball when it comes to the Mac version of Norton AntiVirus 10 -LRB- NAV10 -RRB- . First off , NAV10 interferes with Final Cut Pro and causes overall system instability.Second , NAV10 `` does work '' with Intel Macs but it is not a Universal App -- meaning that it uses Rosetta and ultimately more memory resources.I would recommend ClamXav because it works plain and simple , however it is not `` supported . '' I use my Mac for mission-critical work so I must stick with an anti-virus program that offers technical support like Norton AntiVirus . I use NAV10 and it `` works '' most of the time but I 'd rather use ClamXav .
 I think my title says it all . It 's a shame because Norton could have a better reputation if they could help with issues . I 'm going into my 5th hour of trying to get Norton onto a Mac G4 , first trying with tech support to solve a problem then being told they could n't help , but that customer service would handle it , and then -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- customer support says it 's a tech support issue , and so now it 's been a bit of back and forth with the Norton supervisors in both groups . Now , I 'm in one of those how-long-will-I-listen to their `` your-message-is-very-important '' phone-loops that `` customer service '' sent me into , which I 'm starting to suspect is where they dump people that have issues they ca n't solve until they eventually go away -- if there is no answer after an hour , one starts to suspect that . They could have satisfied me as a customer if they acknowledged hours ago -LRB- yes , it has been that long , it 's been 5 hours with these folks and still no satisfaction or answering of my third call -RRB- that they recognized that their product packaging is incorrect . Instead , the discussions so far seem to be trying to get me to pay more money to get the product I thought , based on Norton 's packaging , that I thought I already paid for . Do n't believe what you see on a Norton package as to what software it applies to , and do n't believe that Norton will provide you with customer support when you need it.I have no financial interest in this product or in any other competing products , nor do I have any such interests in any other product or its competition that I have evaluated in any other reviews .
 I tried to buy this from Symantec 's site . After purchase , it would not download . So , tried to use website to get help . I chose the button for ` problem with download ' , selected ` no firewall ' from the choices , and it asks me which of two windows platform I am using . Obviously , the answer is neither . I e-mailed then , asking for help . Had a series of e-mails with a delightfully unhelpful agent who insisted we were using OS9 and kept telling us to try to download 10.0 version . I got on the website to get a priority code to call for help , selected the product NAV for Mac 10.0 , got a priority code , called the number provided , waited on hold for one hour , only to learn Mac users had to call a different number . Finally got to Mac consultant . Surprise , he could not download it either ! Gave us refund since he was not authorized to just mail a CD .
 This product refuses to perform the live update . In fairness to Symantec , the tech support lads have been attentive by email trying to help me solve this problem , but no matter - it still will not update from my Mac . Is it because of the Mac factor ? I do n't know . But there it is .
 Norton is not necessary if you 're using a Mac . While the PC software may be OK , the Mac has not a single virus to be scared of so this software is simply not needed . And user experiences all over the Mac forums at various websites point to system problems that are directly caused by the Norton software . If you 're a long-time Mac user , you know you do n't need it . If you 've switched to Macs from the PC world you probably think you want this . You do n't . Do n't buy it .
 I had used Norton antivirus 9.0 without problems , although it never found a virus except in a few old files the first time I ran it . When it ran out of time -LRB- 1 year -RRB- I got 10.0 and regret it . It hangs up the system requiring restarts and cleaning up with diskaid and Norton Disk Doctor , which has not fully resolved the problems . Do n't buy it .
 Save your money and buy MS Streets & Trips 2004 if you are looking for a good road mapping program . I use mapping software to plan bike rides that range from 25 to 100 miles in length . I used to swear by the Street Atlas program , at least up through Version 9 . Now I find myself swearing at the newest versions such as 2004 , which has what can only be described as a `` clunky '' user interface that does not support wide carraige printing and contains errors in the routing of roads here in Maryland that have been changed years ago . If MS Streets and Trips can get these roads right , why ca n't Street Atlas .
 SYSTEM
 Anyone who 's read my reviews of the Delorme Street Atlas books will know I 'm a great admirer of good mapping and of Delorme as a mapping company . I 've used the early versions of Street Atlas USA for more than a decade , going back to the 1.0 version and bragged about them to friends . I 'm sorry to see this great company falling short with their software , gradually declining in their usefulness and usability . The amount of detail for the remote areas on the more recent software releases is receding , the software is becoming too complex to use , and I 'm to the point of only recommending Delorme in paper . And awfully sorry to have to say it . I 'd offer the opinion that Delorme needs to back up a few paces and rediscover the needs of their loyal buyers .
 Like many others , I 've used older versions of this program for years . This version is poor . Five to twelve minutes to load on a Pentium 4 , 2.6 GHz w/512MB RAM is too much . I also purchased the Handheld version . What a ripoff !! I only need the device drivers but ca n't get them without purchasing the Handheld software . Even attempting to use that version alone , by installing the data files rather than running from CD results in the program not being able to find the data files . The data files , incidentally , are exactly the same as the standard version but it ca n't find those either . Not an improved program in my estimation , but a rather poor update . Tech support is useless as they do n't even respond to email . They 've done such a great job of hiding their phone numbers on their web site that I 've given up trying to find one . Would be a long distance call anyway , they dont ' have 800 numbers to the best of my knowledge.Unhappy DeLorme customer .
 VERY poor maps , VERY poor interface . A huge pain to find addresses or points of interest . This is one of the poorest programs -LRB- not only maps -RRB- I have seen in the last 12 years.The interface is sooo -LSB- ... -RSB- needlesly complicated and ineficent that makes this program unusable . What a shame ! Delorme has been in the mapping business for many years.It is really a puzzle to me how Delorme makes this mapping program so difficult to use . You are supposed to use it in your laptop with their earthmate gps receiver too , right ? It takes 10-15 minutes to find the addresses or points of interest.This program makes Street and Trips look really good . If you want to put up with its interface and only want to spend 30-40 $ it may help you . Otherwise there are MUCH better alternatives but for a higher price .
 This software is a genuine POS ! I purchased this based upon a recomendation from someone who used previous releases of this product , I guess Delorme lost thier way for the 2004 release , terrible user interface , no documentation to help get you started , very innacurate unless you create a stop point at every intersection , which kind of defeats the purpose of the software ! I played with it for 2 hrs and could not get an accurate route from NY to Wash DC . I purchased Microsofts Streets & trips the following day , it was cheaper $ 19.95 after rebates , and far easyer to use whith minimal user input ! I 'll try using delorme again , It has a few features MS doesnt have , But in my opinion it is just too difficult for the average user .
 SA USA 2004 is either my 4th or 5th upgrade in the popular Street Atlas USA series . I will be removing it from my machine , reinstalling the older version , and living with the lack of updates.The folks at Delorme took a wonderful , best-selling program , and crippled it . The new version is * MUCH * , * MUCH * slower , and suffers from a user interface that is completely non-standard and utterly confusing . All but the most major airports have been removed from the database ; when I inquired as to whether this was a configuration error , I was told that they had to remove something to make room for new things . Pity , for the 400,000 licensed pilots in the country . The program takes an enormous amount of time to start up , and plants an `` always in front '' splash screen so you ca n't be doing something else while you 're waiting . The printer interface is confusing . The map presentation is more cartoonish than in the past - maybe this is the new `` XP '' look , but it does n't contribute anything to readability . When you want to zoom in , you * MUST * stroke from top-left to bottom right , no matter what you 're trying to zoom in on . There are tabs for modes , and in different modes things you 'd expect to work the same way work differently . I could go on and on -LRB- and on ! -RRB- but I 've got a life.I 'm desperately hunting for a competitive product that takes up where Delorme left off in the earlier versions . My recommendation would be for a prospective buyer to look for a closeout or used copy of Street Atlas USA 8 or 9 ; you 'll save a bunch of money and be much happier .
 It is interesting to speculate on the general feeling at DeLorme these days.Street Atlas 2004 is a genuine turkey , and they must know it.All the previous reviews are accurate , and there 's more!They 've resurrected the awful `` Road Warrior '' interface , and made responses slower.The map accuracy is way off from SA 9 , streets are not even the same shape as they were.The GPS accuracy is way off , when the GPS works . I have a mobile setup and so far the GPS tracking works sporadically if at all.There is one feature that I really like , and that is the magnification.As a registered old fart I really like seeing everything at twice the size.I 'll be in Maine next week so I plan to call in to DeLorme to drop off my copy and get my money back . 8 - -RRB-
 I completely agree that this is the other most unfriendly SA version ever . They told me via their Support email that there is no way to eliminate the Splash Screen -LRB- which on my PIII/500 takes a full minute to go away -RRB- . I just want to say this . . PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE read all the negative feedback - I have used SA6 & 7 - and without any doubt - all of the negative comments are unquestionably valid . If I could give this product a negative rank - so that it brought the ranking to ZERO stars - I would .
 I have NOT purchased SA-2004 , and will not be making that purchase based on the other reviews I have read here at Amazon.I received Delorme 's annual flyer in the mail offering me SA2004 at a reduced price.Despite my frustration with previous versions -LRB- SA Road Warrior ed . was the worst -RRB- I thought it worth my while to check out the new 2004 version.It seems that Delorme has simply repackaged previous version , added a few new bells -LRB- which make the program very slow -RRB- , and pushed it out as a new version.This unfortunately has been a trend with Delorme for the past 3 years.The interface has become so clunky that I dread having to use it.The maps are inaccurate , and as other users have reported are not updated regularly enough to be useful.Road Warrior version would not work on my Dell P330 with a Matrox Millenium G450 card . I can only use that version on my Dell notebook.I would like to thank all the other reviewers here who have already spent their good money on this lousy product for helping me to make the decision not to waste my money on SA2004.I sent an e-mail to Delorme tech support advising them to read the reviews here so that perhaps they can bring out a better product for 2005 . For those of you who have purchased SA2004 and are unhappy with it , I suggest you use Delorme 's 30 day money-back warranty . You may wait a long time for your refund , but more importantly it will send a message to Delorme that their product stinks !!
 What an incredible disappointment ! Study the other reviwews on this site carefully . They accurately document the failures of this program . It is inconceivable that the company that consistently produced the best -LRB- unclassified -RRB- mapping product in the world has gone so wrong in so many ways . The program is 10 times slower than predecessors , and frequently can not be installed properly on standard powerful PCs running Windows XP . The interface went from marvellously simple to draconian . The map display went from clear , comprehensive and well designed to uninterpretable or useless . There are few corrections in street errors or freeway interchanges or street numbering , even when errors were reported . Many simple useful features from the old classic interface and display of Street Atlas 9 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- have disappeared . For instance , once you create a map note , you can not move it ! And you can not import routes saved from earlier versions , except as `` drawing objects . '' The routing algorithm is seriously degraded . Using the same start and finish , with identical speed preferences , SA9 found a much faster and more logical route than SA 2004 . Then , manually entering the SA9 route into SA 2004 -LRB- using Vias -RRB- , SA 2004 agreed that the new route was both much faster and much shorter ! Duhhh ... . Obviously the brilliant former staff at Delorme has been replaced by idiots . Technical support is unable even to understand the problems with installation and operation , let alone solve them . Switch to Microsoft Streets and Trips 2003 , and sell your Delorme stock fast .
 I recently purchsed this SA USA 2004 . Not only was I not able to load this on my computer using all of the instructions included in the case -LRB- I had to go to a support site for secret installation instructions -RRB- . Finally after jumping through the several hoops , I was succesful in getting the program to open.However , none of the finding or routing features work.It is not as though I have an exotic computer configuration . -LRB- a Dell Dimension 8200 w/2 .0 G Pentium IV and 512MB ram with Windows XP.This software is so full of bugs I ca n't believe that Delorme , who I thought to be reputable could have released it .
 I have used the DeLorme Street Atlas product for at least seven years now , updating about every other year . This version is a dud , and I wish I had consulted this site before I purchased the 2004 version at a special `` upgrade '' price . Whether the graphics are better in this version is debatable , but in several respects this version is not as good as previous versions
 Having worked in the IT industry for the better part of a decade , I consider myself fairly adept at navigating software . Almost nothing in this application is designed for easy , quick , or intuitive use and the help feature is of very limited value.I purchased SA 2004 Plus primarily for being able to upload multiple addresses from a spreadsheet and then computing the most efficient route . While the software does technically perform this function , the user interface is just so incredibly counter-intuitive that as a practical matter it was nearly impossible to get a route computed . We retained the software for a few months hoping that familiarity would breed usability . It did not . We switched to the less expensive Microsoft Streets & Trips and have been very happy since . It is very disappointing to see a respectable firm such as Delorme deploy such a primitive product .
 The actual product name is `` Delorme Street Atlas 2004 USA '' . I checked out Dallas-Fort Worth because I had a business meeting there . Sad thing about it - they completely left out the George Bush Tollway ! They did n't show it `` under construction '' even . Topo 4.0 was a great product , but it 's getting a little out of date now . Too bad - because my brand spanking new Street Atlas is missing data ! Get your act together , guys . . I 'm getting my money back .
 I have purchased every DeLorme mapping software program they ever sold . I used to be a believer , but the last couple of years they have produced inferior products . The best and easiest to use program , AAA Map N Go , was dropped when they could n't or would n't renew their agreement with AAA . Since then , they have dropped the ball in ease of use and quality . I use their product and GPS frequently and rely heavily on it , but only because there 's nothing else out there that 's better . DeLorme has a golden opportunity by dropping the present Street Atlas USA format and going back to the easy to use format of three or four years ago .
 I find DeLorme Street Atlas 2004 to be a marginally useful program . Although I have used it and its predecessor versions for several years , its idiosyncratic user interface is a constant source of irritation . I might feel differently if I used the program frequently enough to learn it well , but for occasional use it is quite non-intuitive and many of its features are both hard to find and difficult to use . For instance , the method of saving map notations and routes is so obscure as to be almost worthless . For finding simple directions , an on-line mapping service like Map Quest is both far easier and faster , although Street Atlas printed maps are better . I have bought upgrades over the years and have few complaints about the quality of DeLorme 's mapping database , but Street Atlas the program should be an embarrassment to them ; it badly needs a major redesign
 We are retired and part-time RVing throughout the US and Canada and have been using Delorme Street Atlas USA 2004 , which has a lot of great features . However , they are of no use to us in unfamiliar areas when the created route sends us onto dirt roads , which happens on a daily basis . Some of these roads are so vehicle unfriendly that the turns onto them are easily missed and the `` road '' can usually be mistaken as a ranch `` driveway . '' Occasionally , the beginning of the road is paved , but then turns to dirt . Frequently , we 've had to find a place to turn around and find another way to get to our destination . We 've tried using the filters to `` avoid '' certain roads and even contacted Delorme Support , which is unable to offer us a solution and blames the local maps they use for the program directing us onto dirt roads . We ca n't use a program we ca n't trust . Since discovering this frustrating and sometimes dangerous `` flaw '' in the program , we only use it w/GPS to show us where we are on the map . We are definitely going to replace this with another program before taking off on our next trip .
 I got this from Amazon for $ 49.99 + free shipping - now I see its lower . The Thomas Guide is not available for my area , so the main reason I wanted this was to make an atlas of the area where I live . First problem is that it boots up very very slowly . But the main problem is that it doesnt show names for all streets like regular maps do - and it doesnt show any street numbers like Thomas Guides do . I printed up several maps but I would never use these to replace my regular folding map . But THAT was the main reason I bought this . I havent used it to find an address and I expect that it does that OK . But then there is always Mapquest for that . One consolation is that at least the price was right = I got it free from SBC . -LRB- Disclaimer
 I think I owned every version of the old DeLorme Street Atlas program that came out , from 3.0 on to 9.0 . They were the finest mapping programs ever made -- fast , intuitive , accurate . Then DeLorme decided to `` improve '' it . Gone were the easy-to-use Windows menus and in their place were the most confusing collection of tabs and buttons I have ever seen . I swore I would never buy USA 2004 but my old SA9 .0 was getting so out of date . My mistake . I would gladly pay twice the price of Street Atlas USA 2004 for a copy of Street Atlas 10.0 . But it was never made.I would have given this program a zero , but the maps are up-to-date and accurate and , if you 've never used the old DeLorme Street Atlas , well maybe this one will look okay to you .
 Total waste of money . I gave Up on their product after version 3 Deluxe . Large portions of the map are missing on later versions , they told me it was because they changed maping companies . It is a shame to see what was one of the best maping companies go down the tubes .
 Looking at the rest of these reviews here I see little more that I need to add . I consider myself an above average computer user , and maybe over the years I might actually get used to the really clunky GUI interface and really wierd features of this product , but these days I find myself tempted to reinstall my 1999 mapping software simply because it starts up in a few seconds instead of a few minutes . I guess that means it is time to start shopping for a new product.On my Dell PIII 1ghz laptop with 256Mbytes of memory and the map data stored on the the hard drive I am lucky if I can start interacting with the program within a minute of startup . Even if it is just minimized it takes so long to bring up the screen . And the search function , I still have to figure that out . Why does it remove all punctuation ? I would like to type `` fairport , ny '' ; which is not in Virginia , Ohio or Maryland ? But it only lets me type `` fairport ny '' . I do n't know how they did it , but I can not enter the '' , '' in advanced find - BIZZARE ! I find myself giving up on the find feature and simply panning the map to find the location myself - I guess I should read the manual.And why , when I am trying to fix a route that it calculated for me , do I have to be careful to select the correct lane of the freeway ? If I select the lane in the opposite direction it will draw a route that has me pass the point , get off , return past the spot on the other side of the freeway , then get off again and back on in the original direction ! This is certainly a very powerful feature , maybe there is even one customer who uses it!To sum it up - it has many powerful features , but I just want a mapping program!I 'm only getting started here ... but maybe I 've said enough !
 First off , it requires the removal of your existing anti-virus if you want to install the Panda anti-virus . I reluctantly removed Norton AV-2004 to try Panda . But , the real fun began when I had the utilities do a few things like defragment , which caused a complete lock-up of the system when the screen saver lighted up . Then , when doing a complete system scan using Panda , there was the same problem once again . It just was n't worth the trouble . But the excitement began when I tried to reinstall Norton . Something was n't right , and it took about an hour to figure out . IMHO , it just is n't worth it - too many bugs !
 I bought this software for its utility functions . The only function I was satisfied with however , was its safe cleanup utility , to remove unnecessary files to free up disk space.Everything else was junk . For example , there is no uninstall utility to permanently unistall and remove software from the computer .
 Steer clear of this product . I bought System Mechanic to solve what should have been a couple of simple issues -- and ended up spending HOURS getting my Win XP system put back into usable shape . This product is not at all what it claims to be ... it is not thought out , the interface is fast and loose -- which for an application that gets into the guts of a system is very dangerous . I have not gotten the tech support they advertise ... still waiting for them to respond to a trouble ticket . This is really a bad , bad product . It does n't even come close to what the maker claims it can do and what it does do , it does badly . Worse than a waste of the purchase price because of the time it will take you to undo the mess it makes and if you do n't have good backups , you are toast .
 Too cumbersome . Duplicates many of my other software and when compressing my hard drive failed .
 I have not attempted to determine exactly why this program is so bad ... all I know is that it messed with my registry and I needed to re-boot numerous times in order to run ... If not for ` System Restore ' on my XP OS , I 'd still be frozen . Do n't waste your dollars .
 I tried this product to see if it was really great like some other reviewers had indicated . It is a strange set of programs . When I tried to use Turbo Tax 2003 Deluxe , my system locked up -LRB- it worked fine with Norton -RRB- . Well , I still have to finish my taxes , so I uninstalled System Mechanic 4 Professional and re-installed Norton System Works and Personal Firewall . My system now works correctly as it always has been . There are several glitches in this product but the biggest one is that you have to do your updates before you register it . It will switch the user and serial number ID 's before the updates and you will fail on trying to register . After using Norton products since 1993 , this program looks like a dud . If you wonder if I goofed up the installation , well I do n't think so because I have been in the computer business for over 10 years and have a B.S. Degree in Computer Science . `` I ai n't no dummy '' ! My advice is to stay with Norton and leave this product to the birds or McAfee .
 After buying system mechanic 4 and installing it on my computer I tried updating the software right away . It would not work . So I e-mailed their customer support staff and 3 days later they responded and told me that it sounds like a problem with my up-dater and that I should go into the registry editor and start screwing around with some of my files . Needless to say I un-insatlled this crap and the software went in the garbage . I run other software and never had a problem with my computer untill this piece of **** .
 I rarely have trouble using software . -LRB- I 'm an IT person , so these things should come easily for me , right ? -RRB- This goofy -LRB- ca n't think of a better word -RRB- user interface is throwing me for a loop . I do n't think DeLorme knows the definition of the word `` intuitive '' . Almost every feature I 've tried to use is a mystery until I look in the help file . The features all seem to be there , but with all the work involved in finding out how to use them , this is going to be a long , painful project.I travel for my company , and setup and troubleshoot remote offices . My original plan was to both use the product for route-planning , and create useful interactive maps for reference -LRB- click on a remote site , and up pops all their information -RRB- . I still think I will be able to do this , but no longer have any illusions about knocking it out in an afternoon . Maybe in my spare time over several weeks ... A colleague recently showed me Microsoft MapPoint 2002 . What a difference ! Intuitive , easy to use , and predictable with normal pull-down menus instead of these weird tabs that just get in the way . It even downloads updated road-construction information over the internet to help plan your routes.MapPoint is expensive , and does n't have the same feature set -LRB- really overkill for me -RRB- , but the DeLorme folks should buy a copy and start taking some UI design pointers .
 We 've used Delomre 's Street Atlas software in our business on a daily basis since Version 4 -LRB- 1996 ? -RRB- . Upgrading to each new version was a no-brainer since we were happy with how easy it was to use . However , when Delorme redesigned the interface with Street Atlas USA 2003 , we continued using the older -LRB- version 9 -RRB- edition . The interface is non-intuitive and extremely difficult to use . Other comments here describe the problems well . In addtion to the interface , we found the software to be innacurate . For some reason many of the routes are wrong . Sometimes it will not allow you to cross a railroad crossing on certain routes and will route you around it . No matter how much you try with VIAs you can not make it cross certain railroad crossing . In addition , we found that sometimes it routes you off an interstate , and back on at the next intersection . It appears that it thinks you ca n't go on I-80 westbound at certain cities . As a result , the software is just plain unreliable . Numerous contacts with Delorme 's support desk and product manager has resulted in no resolution . Product manager refuses to acknowledge . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 Having worked in the IT industry for the better part of a decade , I consider myself fairly adept at navigating software . Almost nothing in this application is designed for easy , quick , or intuitive use and the help feature is of very limited value.I purchased SA 2004 Plus primarily for being able to upload multiple addresses from a spreadsheet and then computing the most efficient route . While the software does technically perform this function , the user interface is just so incredibly counter-intuitive that as a practical matter it was nearly impossible to get a route computed . We retained the software for a few months hoping that familiarity would breed usability . It did not . We switched to the less expensive Microsoft Streets & Trips and have been very happy since . It is very disappointing to see a respectable firm such as Delorme deploy such a primitive product .
 I bought photo impact pro 11 with the understanding that it will work with vista . It even has a sticker on the box that says it . I installed it on my computer and it does n't do anything at all but freeze up my computer . I uninstalled it and tried again and nothing . I downloaded the patch and nothing . I contacted the company and they never replied to my email . This was a waste of time and money and I would recommend that anyone who is interested in this should run the other way .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY ! A third of the program wo n't launch , half the discs ca n't be read , some parts are never installed . Tech support ? after being asked to register the product for the fifth time I found a long list of the same problems I have , with the `` support '' of no solution available at this time . I feel ripped off , and I 'm not sure NOVA exists ...
 First of all I could not get this program to install on my computer . Tech . support is non existent . I tried all the things listed on the web site and only succeeded in crashing my computer . I spent hours getting it back in order . I am returning it for a refund .
 I bought this software a few months ago , beginning of 08 , just because it looked like it had everything I needed , it installed the 1st time on my computer , brand new computer , bought in jan 08 , , but many components were missing , it would n't let me use the animation features , or make banners or anything , I called nova , they told me to do many things from wiping the disk to uninstalling , etc , so we did , and it refused to install back , and we called nova again . . was on hold for an hour and the guy hung up on me because he said he couldnt hear me , so I spent another hour on hold again to talk to someone , they sent me a new disk , nice of them , it still refuses to install on my computer even in safe mode , nobody knows why ... so I have this software that I paid 99.99 for that will no operate , I tried it on 3 different computers btw to test it . . waste of money . . in my opinion
 This software is the most frustrating tool I 've EVER used . It is not at all intuitive . When doing fine work with Bezier , it will just decide to close my area or drop it off completely as if I never started . The magic wand is only as good as your color differences are extreme , no matter what . If you have a black haired person against a mottled background , you lose chunks of the head . I 've been struggling with this tool for nearly two weeks and have never used so many cuss words in my life . I 'm going to dump this and go buy PhotoShop . My blood pressure is worth the difference !
 The packaging was very nice and orderely and looked professional but when I went to install it there was an errer message in the installation hat I ca n't help but believe was known to be there by the seller thus the low price .
 Awful is actually too nice . The product did not open or work ever . Customer and Tech service took a minimum of 5 days to respond . There is no phone number to call . I asked for my guaranteed refund in June . This is the last week of Sept. and I still have no refund . I have gotten the run around since June and very poor and slow replies to any refund questions . Numerous claims that they can not find my records after I have sent them copies several times . Dont wast your time or money .
 I am not one to write reviews but this software was so bad I just had to warn the rest of you . Situation
 I ordered the software . It did n't work . It required two computers and a 3.5 floppy to use -LRB- how antiquated -RRB- . The company has a guaranteed refund offer . When I requested it , I heard nothing . After several requests , I got an email promising the refund in two weeks . That was in November , it is now mid-Jan and no contact with the company . This despite repeated requests . There is no way to contact the company other than email , which it ignores . Try something else and save your time and money .
 It 's had to say if it works because the provided manual does n't match the software and I 'm stuck on what to do and how to use it . So only one star for lack of effort .
 Outdated program . The program would not load , I contacted Nova Development by phone.I was told sorry , '' We no longer support this program . '' They did not even have any to send a replacement.The good news ... Amazon took it back , and refunded my money .
 I purchased this item on Amazon.com and I was only allowed to download it to one of my computers and the quality is not like the original.I have been so frustrated and mad with the items , this purchase taught me to purchase the orginal items if you are going to make a software purchase online , I highly DO NOT recommend you purchasing it through Amazon.comI 'm just sayin ...
 This product is no longer supported by the manufacturer , and many of the programs have a defective program disc -LRB- missing file -RRB- that prevents installation . It is a great program , with a good price but if you must buy , get one used that works !! Otherwise it is a gamble !!
 there is no longer product support for this product . You can not even get a replacement disc for the bad disc . Very dissatisfied .
 I ordered this product and was excited at the prospect of receiving what I perceived to be a great value for money DTP program . HOW WRONG COULD I BE?When it eventually arrived I attempted to install it on my machine . After inserting Disk 1 the program instructed me to insert Disk 2 . I inserted the disk labeled Disk 2 only to get the same message `` Insert Disk 2 . I eventually ran windows explorer only to discover the disk labeled Disk 2 was actually Disk 3 . I then attempted to contact their customer support only to get a recorded message informing me of their business hours being 9-6 Mon to Fri. . It was 9 pm EST. . Not to be beaten I went to their online customer servvice and sent them an email explaing my problem.On the following Monday I received an email instructing me that they would send a replacement disk and it would take up to TEN Days . I emailed back telling them that was unacceptable as it was their error and they should send it priority mail . They replied saying they would IF I PAID . Of course i refused and waited ten days.When the replacement disk arrived I once again attempted to install it . Again it failed to work . I contacted their tech support and they sent me a supposed Registry Fix which also didnt work.The put me back to customer service who eventually told me they had discontinued this product due to problems with disk 2 and they said they would send me an RMA . I am still waiting for it to arrive.THIS PRODUCT IS A RIP OFF AND UNLESS I GET MY MONEY BACK WITHIN 14 DAYS I WILL SUE THEM AND AMAZON.COM CAVEAT EMPTOR - LET THE BURYER BEWARE
 Received two program disc 3 and NO program disc 2 , therefore was unable to install and the program is of no value.Returned to producer . Have not heard from them . bas
 This publication is not user-friendly and I highly recommend against purchasing this . The customization process of a ready-made product is almost impossible . I recommend Print Workshop 2010 . Easy and intuitive .
 Will not install on my Dell Inspiron E1505 Laptop running Windows Vista . Nova Development gave me a few suggestions , but it would not install . They offered me a refund .
 This is perfect for a small business to keep track of virtually everything ! From sales taxes to inventory , customers to vendors ... you can keep track of it all ! It 's start up interview makes it so easy to use that anyone can be successful with the set up process.Well , I give up ! I spoke too soon ! I just found out there is a `` Quick Book College '' and believe me when I say you need a master 's degree from there to do this right ! I have a buisness degree & with this it is useless !
 Had to install it on 2 different PC 's would n't work on my laptop , on which quicbooks 2006 and 2005 works fine!The problem is well known , but no solution offered.Once it works , everything is as good as always . Would have given them 3 more stars if I would be able to install ths software on any PC I want to .
 I downloaded their $ 99 version recently . Two hours and 5 phone calls later I found out that my new version was not compatible with my old Quickbook files . These details were cleverly hidden away on their web site . Of course , when I complained the sales person and her manager were more than ready to sell me the right version for twice the price.As for the software , I absolutely hate it . It was designed by myopic accountants who have never run a normal business . It 's designed for your accountant not for you . Also be prepared to get inundated with advertisements for additional services that are designed to frighten you into buying one monthly subscription after another . Before you know it , you 'll have sunk several thousand dollars with these clowns and have little to show for it.I 'm still with them because of my accountant . If you do n't have the same restriction as I do , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I 've been a QB Pro 2004 user for several years . I figure , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . I was happy with ' 04 , and it worked well . But then the software informed me that
 I have been an Intuit customer from just about the beginning and am one of the many customers who built that company . However , over the last several years , Intuit products and the company itself has degenerated . I wanted to upgrade from Quickbooks Basic 2004 but found that Intuit no longer offers upgrades . They give a bunch of phony excuses on their web , none of which are true . Anyway , I purchased Quickbooks Starter 2007 and installed it . It uninstalled Quickbooks 2004 completely and then installed itself . That was relatively painless . However , when I ran Starter 2007 and attempted to load my QB2004 file , it said that you ca n't load files from previous versions of Quickbooks . Why the hell did it uninstall QB2004 in the first place ? There was absolutely nothing on their web that said Starter 2007 will not run files from a previous version , and there was absolutely nothing during installation that said anything about it . This is a textbook example of a bunch of marketing idiots not knowing what the hell their customers do . Anyway , I felt committed to upgrading QB2004 , so I uninstalled QBStarter2007 and purchased QBPro2007 . Luckily , before I installed it , I read the reviews here concerning slow performance and other numerous problems . That convinced me to abandon the upgrade and go back and reinstall QBBasic2004 . Meanwhile , I decided to never upgrade again and to never buy another Quickbooks product , ever . Intuit has lost me as a customer . The company sucks .
 I just got off the phone with Quickbooks Support after I was told I HAD TO buy the tech support subscription in order to get the program I bought last year to work.This constitutes a breach of contract , and is an extremely dirty business tactic . I paid for a product that I am unable to use until I buy a service agreement.I am a CPA and have about 10 versions of Quickbooks on my computer but I will discourage anyone from using Quickbooks from now on.If you make the best product , you do n't have to resort to dirty tactics such as this to get people to buy your product.This is simply unabashed greed .
 The product is great , calling tech support is a task though . Intuit outsources thier call centers overseas and it is difficult to communicate with thier support people by telephone . If this product was n't preffered by my CPA I would never buy it ever again . Boycott companies that outsource to other countries , keep our jobs at home !!
 I have used various versions of Quickbooks Pro for the last 8 years . The software has never been `` intuit `` ive -LRB- perhaps unless you are a CPA or have time to read up on accounting -RRB- . Some things it has done well and some not so well . The present version -LRB- 2007 -RRB- is , however , more trouble than it is worth . For a small business owner to have to spend hours trying to get simple issues resolved -LRB- for instance just getting the program to open , rebuilding corrupt data files -RRB- this version has to be the worst -LRB- and this is in Windows XP and not , thank goodness , Vista which might have been even worse -RRB- . Add to this the very poor customer support -LRB- slow , badly outsourced , and expensive - pretty well $ 50 most times you dial Intuit for customer support -RRB- and you begin to wonder whether there are better applications out there . Finally today , after the third major issue in as many months , I have downloaded Microsoft Accounting software and will -LRB- when my files have been rebuilt again in Quickbooks ! -RRB- move the data over to the Microsoft application . Will it be any better ? - who knows , but it can hardly be any worse than Quickbooks -LRB- and it comes at a much better price -RRB- ! Maybe Intuit will get the message about the quality of its software and support when enough folk defect to Microsoft , Peachtree or other competitors .
 In 2007 , Quick Books came up with a new policy not to support their accounting software before 2005 . The upshot being if you use their payroll service -LRB- costs about $ 189 yearly -RRB- you are required to update to the 2007 version of Quick Books Pro . After using the 2007 version for 6 weeks , I can see no benefit . It is cumbersome , full of bugs -LRB- I 'm not able to do auto updates , a feature that worked very well on the 2004 version -RRB- and difficult to learn . To make matters worse their support is the worst . After using Quick Books for 11 years , I 'm locked in but franticly looking for a way out . If you have options look at a different products . Talk to an accountant , consider Peach Tree .
 I was happily using Quickbooks Pro 2004 for my accounting needs when I was so rudely made aware that if I wanted to use `` TurboTax for Business '' to file my tax return for 2006 , I was going to have to upgrade . Firstly , it seems really bad form to require someone to purchase a new version 2.5 years later , just to continue to use one of the features that made me buy into the Intuit franchise to begin with . Brand new software should have a life expectancy of at least 5 years before needing to be replaced - that should be especially true with features that the developer can easily turn `` on '' or `` off '' -LRB- like making it compatible with another of their products -RRB- . Secondly , as it relates to the software itself , the user interfaces are much busier than before and the way they 're laid out is cumbersome . I had difficulty with the new portable company back-up feature , which the support folks could n't figure out either . I had n't used the timesheet feature before , but I found that if you enter data before you set the date , you 're going to have to delete it all and start over on the correct date -LRB- by the way , the delete feature does n't work and you have to manually erase each entry -RRB- . Hopefully , as I continue to use this new version -LRB- I 've been a QB user for over 12 years -RRB- , I 'll appreciate all the `` new '' and `` enhanced '' features of Pro 2007 . Unfortunately , my first point is the one that really sticks in my craw ...
 I have trouble with this product and vista . I am unable to update mercchant services .
 I wasted my money on this trash . I have to pay $ 25 plus tax and other fees just to sell my copy . I may have to pay for a Support phone call to India . If you do not download all updates when Intuit ask , you will be unable to ever use quickbooks again . You can not fix or reinstall or delete the program . You will never get your info off unless you pay the money . Wait , I paid lots of money for this . I now down load free business forms from the internet . I will buy Microsoft business next time .
 I just opened a consignment shop and needed the software to take care of retail as well as keeping track of what I owe my vendors . This software is about the worst I 've seen . It is set up only for companies such as construction where you have big jobs . I need something I can easily put in daily sales , that can easily keep track of sales tax , and that can easily print out what I owe to my vendros twice a month . When I talked to their customer service before purchasing the product they said it was set up to do all this and yet it does none of it . I just talked to another rep and she said it was n't a problem to have to go to each vendor and customerize the report I need , twice a month , for every vendor . Not a problem for her maybe but I have better things to do . This software is useless !
 I am a bookkeeper , so I have been using Quickbooks professionally -LRB- 40 hours a week -RRB- since 2002 . I have never known such a horrible piece of software . Do n't expect to use it in a network environment -LRB- they have fixed something that was n't broken here ... the `` Database Manager '' does not work -RRB- . They would rather sell you their $ 3000 `` Enterprise '' edition for a networked environment , so good luck getting support to help you set it up.Everything is slower , and the few new features they added do not ofset the hassle of having to work with this crud every day . What was once a great , easy to use product has over-commercialized and destroyed itself.I notice they have come out with 2008 now , with many of the features you would find in Microsoft 's Accounting software ... hmmmm ...
 We have a small business . I 've used a Quicken program that is so old it wants you to back up to floppy disk -LRB- ! -RRB- , so I figured it was time to update . My husband could not find Quicken at Costco , so he assumed it was n't around any more and got QuickBooks Pro 2007 because it has payroll.I HATE QUICKBOOKS . It is complicated and very unforgiving . I made a click error , and listed a vendor as an employee . Spent 1 HOUR trying to find out how to correct that error . Found out in a forum that it is NOT possible to correct this simple entry error without an extremely time consuming effort . This is absolutely insane.It takes many clicks to bring up the reports I wanted . Difficult learning curve . VERY DISAPPOINTING.I was spoiled by Quicken and its ease of use . Have since found that it is still available . Will buy an updated version .
 Software works fine . Paid around $ 190.00 for this software . Product must be registered which takes 10 minutes on the phone providing personal and business details . I needed accounting software for my business but now it seems I 'm on another unwanted mailing list .
 I 've been a Quickbooks user for about 10 years . The basic product is great , its always worked well for me with very few problems - however the company is heading in the wrong direction .1 st - Evidently they do n't care if you are a loyal customer , when you upgrade you pay the same price as a new customer , the total retail price .2 nd - They force you to upgrade now by discontinuing support including payroll support for older versions of the program . So do n't think you can buy it once every 5 or 6 years and keep using it , you 're going to be forced to upgrade about every other year .3 rd - The payroll option is unreal at $ 199 per year ! When I started using the program I was paying $ 49 per year , so what do I get now for my extra $ 150 , Nothing . Its the same payroll tax downloads as 10 years ago . And get this , with their 2007 edition , if you do n't subscribe to the payroll option , you ca n't use the payroll features at all , even if you wanted to figure it manually , it blacks out the entire payroll section . How greedy is that .4 th - As I said the accounting features are very good , but the last couple of upgrades they started adding in all these useless bells and whistles , mainly to sell things , so about once a month I get these popups wanting me to purchase checks and supplies at way too high prices . You ca n't turn the reminders off .5 th - Their customer service has always been terrible.The basic problem is the lack of competition . They only have one main competitor , Peachtree , but Quickbooks dominates the market . This will not always be the case Intuit . As soon as I can find a good alternative , I 'm gone . I imagine a good many over uses who are feed up with their lack of customer appreciation will follow .
 As a long-time QuickBooks Pro user I was sent -LRB- unsolicited -RRB- a copy of the 2007 version . I paid more than the cost on Amazon and then when I went to install it on my computer that has run all previous versions with no problems , I got an error message -LRB- Error 1303 -RRB- that stopped the installation . There is a fix for this on the Intuit Board , and although none of the conditions that Intuit claims cause this error exist on my system , I tried the fixes without ever being able to install the update I had just paid for !!! There is no tech support on weekends , others on the community board were having the same problem . One person reported that Intuit told them that it was a Microsoft problem and to call them . This used to be a company that wrote elegant , functional smooth running software but their poor support and buggy upgrades and increasingly sleazy marketing make me want to stick with the 2004 version that I currently run . Be very careful about upgrading to this version . I am returning my copy for a full refund .
 I used to be a loyal Quickbooks user and recommended QuickBooks as the best small business software out there . However , over the past few years the program and the company have seemed to change . The recent strategy of QuickBooks has been to take advantage of the near monopoly that it has on the market in order to suck every last dime they can out of you as a customer . They have n't seemed to improve the program though over this same time period as it has become a huge , bloated program , loaded with advertising , that is constantly making you download and install updates . One recent `` update '' actually removed a feature of the program that had been standard since I have been a user . That feature was the payroll tax return generator that now is only available by paying an extra $ 200 a year . Funny how that feature was removed right before payroll tax returns were due for everyone in January . Unfortunately , the program may still be the best option out there for small business , but just get ready to be nickle and dimed . There is no telling what else they have planned as a future `` subscription '' feature , even though you already paid for the program .
 I 'm a sole practitioner CPA and maintain about 20 separate sets of clients ' books in my office . Since both Intuit and Sage -LRB- Peachtree By Sage Complete Accounting 2007 -RRB- have `` professional advisors programs '' which aggressively solicit CPAs to shill for their software , I should also state that I 'm in no way affiliated with either of them , nor any other software company -LRB- the fact that it 's necessary for me to mention this demonstrates where the accounting profession is headed , but that 's another story -RRB- . I realize that I 'm swimming upstream here , but I truly despise QuickBooks . My clients who use it routinely bring me sets of books which they have messed up so badly that I generate hefty fees by unraveling their errors . The reason , I believe , is that QuickBooks is not a legitimate double-entry self-balancing accounting package . I strongly suspect that it 's merely a dressed-up , aggressively marketed version of Intuit 's checkbook program , Quicken . Because of this , it 's far too easy to make serious errors which the software itself will not detect . A few examples : A single click will convert your books from cash basis to a sort of quasi-accrual basis . A client once brought me his books which had a cash-basis balance sheet , an accrual-basis P&L ; , journals and ledgers which were some of both - and he had no idea why nothing balanced -LRB- and if you do n't know what I 'm talking about here , that 's all the more reason to avoid this software -RRB- . Another issue is that no QuickBooks accounting period is ever really closed . This `` feature '' allows my clients , many of whom do n't really know what they 're doing , access to prior years ' files , all the way back , in order to `` fix things . '' Consequently I constantly must check to be sure that prior years ' balances , for which tax returns have already been filed , have n't been altered . This lack of program control over prior years ' data is an inexcusable security defect.Out-of-balance conditions are often forced to an account called `` Opening Balance Equity , '' an account which frequently has entries appearing from nowhere . It 's simply a program-generated force-balanced `` plug , '' which is unidentified and untraceable . Beware the OBE account !! Both Intuit and Sage have terrible tech and customer support . Both companies gouge their customer bases unmercifully by means of expensive annual payroll updates and discontinuance of support for older versions of their software . Nevertheless , I do my best to steer my clients toward Peachtree . It 's by no means a perfect solution , but it 's at least a `` real '' double-entry system , and therefore more idiot-proof , more powerful , and generally bug-free . The learning curves of the two programs are now roughly equal , since Peachtree has added an optional interface for non-accountants . Finally , I 'm not bashing the company , just this product . I 've been using Intuit 's professional tax return preparation software -LRB- ProSeries -RRB- for many years , and I 'm entirely happy with it . But my bottom-line professional opinion in this case is that QuickBooks is simply not what it claims to be . Use Peachtree -LRB- Peachtree By Sage Complete Accounting 2007 -RRB- , use MYOB , use the new Microsoft package - any of which are preferable to this over-hyped and under-powered dog of an accounting program . I keep a recent version of QuickBooks on my computer ONLY as an accommodation to my clients who refuse to switch.I originally reviewed QuickBooks 2001 . As far as I can see , six years have changed nothing significant regarding QuickBooks Pro . One can hope the new upscale versions are better ; me , I 'm not going there unless forced to by recalcitrant clients .
 I have been a QuickBooks user for over 10 years , but Intuit is quickly gaining a reputation for trying to squeeze every last penny out of their customers . QB 2007 adds to that legacy . I upgraded my QB 2004 Basic to QB 2007 Pro and quickly found that I could n't do ANY payroll unless I subscribed to their $ 199 tax tables -LRB- more than I paid for the product itself -RRB- ! In QB 2004 you could at least write payroll checks by entering the tax information yourself , but in 2007 even that option is gone . The Payroll section is completely useless without the subscription . I have never heard of an accounting system without ANY way to write payroll checks and keep track of taxes . As a small business with only a few employees , I do n't want to double the cost of my product to get something I can do myself in a few minutes . I have returned the product , gone back to my QB 2004 , and am looking for another accounting product . I am playing with Peachtree which at least lets you manually do paychecks if you want . Intuit has squeezed the last out of me .
 I 've been a loyal Quickbooks user since 1999 . What was once a fast , efficient , bullet proof product has become slow , buggy and annoying bloatware . And Intuit 's sales and support policies are shamefully greedy and obnoxious.I upgraded my main desktop PC to Vista and was dismayed to find that Quickbooks 2005 wo n't work on Vista . Even worse , it corrupts Vista system files with older versions of DirectX when you install it . So after reading only Quickbooks 2007 supports Vista , I was forced to `` upgrade '' . It 's not really an upgrade as Intuit stopped selling those to their loyal customers . Instead , despite giving Intuit thousands of dollars for previous software over the years you , you have to buy a full copy just the same as a new user . That 's the first slap in the face.The next surprise was that it took Quickbooks 2007 forever to install on my brand new screaming fast $ 2000 Core 2 Duo Vista PC . The entire Microsoft Office 2007 Ultimate suite installs faster ! We 're talking serious bloatware here and they now also require Flash 7 to play their videos.But most frustrating of all is how much slower Quickbooks 2007 is . Even though it 's running on a much faster PC than Quickbooks 2005 was , it easily takes 4 times as long to launch the software . And even once it 's running , many things take seemingly forever and you just sit there locked out of the software while it 's grinding away doing who knows what ? And no , it 's not my PC . All my other apps are nice and fast.Even simple things like reports and reconciling an account can lock it up for long periods of time . It also `` nags '' you with more pop up dialog boxes and other things that slow down using it . So where I used to easily and quickly get what I wanted done in Quickbooks 2005 , it 's now a slow , annoying , deliberate process to do the same things in QB2007 . It 's a giant step backwards.I 've had it crash a few times already and get stuck trying to update itself . It also , like 2005 , has to be registered to work for more than 30 days.Ottherwise , it 's not that different than QB2005 . The user interface is just different enough to be annoying , but it 's not especially better . The find feature , for example , still has n't been fixed to be more user friendly.Intuit 's support policies really are shameful . They refuse to help with most problems , even their own bugs , without charging you a fortune for support . You can easily spend more than the price of the product just getting help . They also `` sunset '' their products after a few years and stop supporting them entirely forcing you to `` upgrade '' -LRB- buy a full new copy -RRB- . Somebody needs to come along and do small accounting software right now that Intuit has mostly dropped the ball . Microsoft has their new `` Accounting Professional '' products and I 'm going to be checking those out . If that works for me , I may well return QB2007 and get a refund as it 's been less than 60 days . Perhaps if enough people do that , Intuit will get the messsage that half baked slow bloatware is n't acceptable and go back to making good software ?
 I 'm an accountant with over 20 years of experience and 8 + using Quickbooks . This version -LRB- 2007 -RRB- is a disaster ! I recently was forced to upgrade a client to QB 2007 . I have NEVER had so much trouble installing any other version of Quickbooks ! I was able to solve all the issues myself , with the help of their ProAdvisor 's forum , but I 'd never recommend it for the average business user . Second , after a month of use , I found the software was incorrectly calculating payroll deductions and a cash summary account balance did not add up to the sum of the cash sub-accounts -LRB- an impossibility if the program were written or functioning properly -RRB- . I finally dumped 2007 and begged the client to go back to 2006 and wait for QB 2008 to come out in Dec. 07 ' . What a nightmare !!! Quickbooks support has been awful -LRB- even for me , a ProAdvisor -RRB- and I ca n't imagine what the average customer could expect . I 've never had serious problems with any other version of Quickbooks , but this one is terrible . DO NOT BUY !
 I upgraded from Quick Books Pro 99 . I had problems with some of the forms and had error messages every time I backed up my data . Backing up data is very slow . Even with a new dual core computer , I thought that the program was slow . The program has been improved , but tech support is out of country and sometimes hard to understand . After calling tech support daily for a week , I returned the program . One of my problems was elevated to the product development team , but they never called me back . One of the things that I liked about the program was being able to make PDF files of estimates , purchase orders and invoices . Since my older version of the program will not do this , I purchased a print to PDF file program when switching back to my older version . We received our refund from the manufacturer in a timely manner . Make sure you make your backups before upgrading so you can go back to your old version if it does n't work out . I lost a week by upgrading and had to enter all the transactions after going back to the previous version . I would not upgrade if your current program is working .
 The biggest problem I had with QB 2005 and 2006 was my database going corrupt after download Intuit updates . I have been an IT consultant for years . I know all the tricks . Nothing could stop it . It was luck of the draw . I can not tell you how many of my clients went corrupt and switched to Microsoft Accounting or Peachtree.My biggest grievance with Intuit is 4 fold .1 - Version 2006 does not work with Vista and Intuit has no plans to patch it to make it work .2 - The price of 2007 has gone up but the quality is still lacking in many areas .3 - Intuit does not offer an UPGRADE price discount for people that have 2006 version , and maybe have new computers running Vista . They have to pay FULL PRICE for something they just recently bought all over again ! 4 - Intuit used to offer a 5 Multiuser pack for about $ 400-500 . Now they only offer a 3 user pack for around $ 500 ! What a screw job . they are purposely cashing in on the Vista release and taking the small business man for a ride and laughing all the way to the bank.I am now boycotting Intuit . I have stopped over 250 licenses from being purchased by many of my clients and switched them to Peachtree Pro.Peachtree offers an upgrade price . Peachtree Pro 2007 works with Vista . Originally it did not but Peachtree made a patch !!! Now that is customer service . Peachtree Pro 2007 is also available in a 5 user pack for about $ 500 on many discount websites.So take a hike Intuit . you purposely screwed valuable customers and hard working small business people ! I hope you are happy !
 I have used Quickbooks for 15 years . I invoice my customers by emailing invoices . I just bought an HP laptop with Core 2 Duo processor , and installed QB Pro 2007 on it.The emailing-invoices feature will not work , and I was told in a support call that this feature is not supported on a 64bit processor.There is no notification on the box or elsewhere that the product is , in effect , a beta version , that does not work and is not supported on the most modern Intel CPUs!UN - freakin-believable !
 I changed from quicken to Quickbooks and regret it . Yes , Quick Books does some wonderful reports and invoiceing but I have found it difficut to use and especially to download crdit card transactions from my business credit cards . I have also found it difficut to match transactions . To get a better handle on my expenses I am going back to quicken or try another program . Online help and tutorials , `` dummies guide ... . not helpful either.You would think see they make quicken they would allow import of QIF files.dissapointed .
 I installed quickbooks pro 2003 on my new computer running VISTA and had a small problem . So , I bought an upgrade to 2007 since Intuit says it works with VISTA.It does not . The software crashes at odd times . It also crashes when attempting to call up invoices from the accounts receivable report . It reports out of memory errors and closes two to six times each day . I have set up my old computer , which runs XP , so I can use the new software until they fix all of the glitches in the 2007 version . I recommend NOT buying this version if you are running VISTA OS.Update
 Did n't like it at all , at first . Hard to do . Does not make it `` Quick '' to enter income and expenses ! Is not built to suit my business . I would have designed it differently . After months of making do with the built in categories -- which make no sense for my business , but I use them anyway -- it 's become a tolerable tool . It 's still a bugger to get the kind of reports I need , and still do n't know how to sort out particular product sales so I can pay commissions and royalties.I used Quicken for many years , and that was pretty good . The only thing missing was a way to track product sold . I am a manufacturer of products I sell . I do not send invoices , as people pre-pay for the paper dolls and books they order either online or by catalogue . There is a lot of rigamarole to do to get around their set-in-stone system , in order to make it work - marginally-for my needs . Judy M Johnson , paper doll artist , publisher . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This release does not work with Vista unless you place your company files EXACTLY where they want you to -LRB- in the Public directory - what 's with that ? -RRB- . The printing function does not work with an HP printer until you parse through about 6 - 8 modal error boxes - EVERY time . The program does not remember the type of checks you have -LRB- like other releases did -RRB- . The Pay Employees screen only works when it is maximized - otherwise the `` Continue '' button is not available . All-in-all it is amazingly buggy . Wait to purchase this release until the bugs are worked out !
 saved me from making a serious financial mistake . I was ready to order this product for the first time , but after reading `` all '' of the reviews , I felt I 'd just been saved from giving away my money . The `` beta testers '' not withstanding their excellent reviews , the lack of tech support , the dropping of advertising on to the system , the constant forced upgrades with costs , my little business that is growing rapidly does not need this down-swing . My only hope is other potential buyers research this product extensively and can come up with an alternative . Thanks QuickBooks , but no thanks .
 I specifically needed this software for payroll . I had a headache trying to work with a program that used US tax tables and other US deductions which do n't apply in countries outside of the United States . The online support did their best to assist me by suggesting I do most of my work in Excel and export it . That defeats the whole purpose of having the software to make my life easier !! So unless I move to a US State or am in a country with the same deductions I ca n't use the software . Its a pity because I did really enjoy the other aspects of the product . Let 's hope that an `` International '' version is created .
 To move away from older Windows 2000 systems to new Vista system , we have to buy the new accounting software . Since we were using Quickbook before , logically , we brought Quickbook Pro 2007 . It is a nightmare for us . First of all , the software does not like the firewall/virus protection software -LRB- Panda Security from Spain/EU -RRB- . During the installation , it tried to disable the firewall by itself . We managed to get it installed by disabled couple firewall features.Then after installation , we try to run a update over the Internet . During the update , it suddenly says the Intuit server lost connection , when it was 99 % done updating . Quickbook Pro 2007 prompted us to cancel update . We tested the Internet connection , our side was fine . So we figured we will restart the update next day . So we cancelled update as it prompt.Quickbook 2007 Pro refuse to load since then . We tried to reboot the computer a few times . Still it just suddenly disappear in the middle of loading . Okay , we figured maybe we just uninstall and reinstall this software . Boy , we were wrong . Quickbook Pro 2007 never really truly uninstall from the system . After uninstall , all the files are still there , all the registry entries are still there . Reinstall makes no difference!Learnt from Microsoft for few years , so we figure we will do a `` System Restore '' which should allow us to wipe out the changes Quickbook 2007 did to the system . Sadly , we found the Quickbook 2007 actually destroyed the System Restore Points ! No matter which System Restore Points we try , it can not successfully restore.We are not just bunch of accountants . We are Microsoft certified engineers and we are developing software for Microsoft Windows for more than 20 years . With this horrible experience , we must search for something else that we can trust to run this critical part of our business .
 Okay , after having spent TWO AND ONE HALF HOURS on the phone with a tech support rep , I finally got the # $ & * -LRB- program to work.I installed it yesterday , got it running , then today found that the # % & * -LRB- -RRB- program had crashed . The only work around - after TWO AND ONE HALF HOURS - was to install the program in a different user file . After balking three or four times , it finally loaded properly in a user file created specifically for it . -LRB- I 'm just waiting to see what tomorrow brings ... -RRB- I 'm a newbie to Quickbooks , but have used Quicken for 11 years . If I had n't bought a new desktop running Vista , and had the CPA for a new business not insisted that I use the # % & -LRB- -RRB- program , I 'd have heeded the warnings on this site and avoided the # % & * -LRB- -RRB- # $ -LRB- -RRB- & * program like anthrax.I do n't know if 2008 will be any more stable , but this is # % * -LRB- -RRB- & program is absolutely worthless . -LRB- And I have n't entered any data yet ... -RRB- 26SEP07 The # $ & * -LRB- crashed again ! It 's now boxed up and en route back to Amazon.NOTE
 We have a rather large file that we 've been using with QB 2004 Pro for quite a while now . Payroll support is going away for 2004 , so we were basically forced to upgrade to 2007 . What a mistake!After three weeks of on and off attempts to convert our data file , and five calls to Intuit `` support '' , we finally gave up and are returning QB 2007 for a refund.I have no idea what we are going to do next , but I was unimpressed with the poor quality and general attitude of the Intuit support staff , and am more than a little miffed that Intuit is taking away payroll support for a product that works fine -LRB- QB 2004 -RRB- and trying to force me to `` upgrade '' to a product that does n't work !
 I was forced to purchase this software because Intuit decided to disable some of the necessary features in the 2005 Basic version of QuickBooks I use at my business . 2005 Basic fit my needs very well and I was offended that I was forced to upgrade so soon after purchase , and that Intuit no longer offers a `` Basic '' package.Upon installation , QB Pro 2007 immediately slowed my computer to a crawl whenever it was open , and even after a couple of months , still occasionally bugs me to buy Intuit products . Sure it does what it is supposed to do , but there are so many other software packages that add and subtract.If you are making your first purchase of book keeping software , do yourself a favor and explore alternatives to joining this cult . Intuit has no respect for their customers and will bleed you any chance they get .
 I have been using Intuit Products for many years in our accounting practice . Each time we have upgraded to the latest Quickbooks -LRB- Pro Versions -RRB- we notice that the program is sluggish , slow to load and function . The Pro 2007 version is extremely slow and we have PC hardware that is fairly new -LRB- XP pro -RRB- . As an accountant , I do not need all the `` window dressing '' interface menu screens that I believe slow down this very capable program . Too bad Intuit does not offer an accountant 's version that has a cut and dry interface -LRB- pull down menus as previous versions , eg 2002 -RRB- and is speedy to operate .
 I 'd give this product zero stars if I could.I use the QuickBooks online payment service with version 2004 , and last week it started telling me that they were discontinuing support for version 2004 with that online service , so they forced me to upgrade.So I bought the upgrade , and when I ran the installer it would n't accept my serial number . I spent forty minutes on the phone with tech support on a choppy line to India , and he still could n't get it to work . I finally gave up when the next step he proposed was to disable all of the services running on my computer.I had heard from others , including an accountant , that this version was bad but could n't believe it would really be this bad . I 'd used QB since the early-1990s and never really had a problem . But this is really , really bad.Intuit needs to go back to the drawing board with this version . It 's a TOTAL LEMON .
 It took me Three -LRB- 3 -RRB- technicians and Four -LRB- 4 -RRB- hours to install Quickbooks Pro 2007 . I could understand the first and third technicians reasonably well , but the second one had to repeat EVERY instruction at least once . I finally told him I would call back if the update did n't work since it took a while to load . Of course , it did n't work that time either but the last technician helped me and it finally worked . I forgot that I would have to reinstall my Payroll program too and so when I realized that , I was extremely apprehensive about dealing with technicians that I could n't understand again . However , I had an extremely competent technician that spoke English and he helped me immensely . I sent a praise e-mail to his boss because it was refreshing to be able to update and check a program so fast and efficiently.The one good thing I can say about my installation of Quickbooks Pro 2007 was that they did have technicians available without too long of a wait - but it still took me 4 hours of retrying until I finally had the problem resolved.I am writing this review so that anyone who is planning to update will be sure to have enough time in case you run into the same problem I did .
 We have been faithful users of Quickbooks for almost 10 years , however , we will never use them again . We recently upgraded our Quickbooks to the 2006 version , and had to buy a new computer . Quickbooks 2006 or earlier will NOT work with Windows Vista . I called them about the problem and they told me I would have to upgrade again even though my Quickbooks version is not even out of warranty yet ! It is $ 200 to upgrade through them and they will give you $ 30 off if you have another version of their product . We are currently switching our books to Microsoft Office Accounting . Depending on your needs for your software , there is a FREE version of the software available . The Microsoft product has much of the same elements and layout as Quickbooks . And you can bet that since it is from Microsoft that it will be Vista compliant . It will also let you put all of your Quickbooks information into it from a back up disk or from the file itself . I will NEVER use an Intuit product again !
 If you do n't have to upgrade to 2007 ... do n't do it . This program should win an award for the worst user interface known to mankind . I have used QuickBooks for years and thought the functionality and interface was good . This version is terrible . What kind of accounting software does n't have an easy to access icon for journal entries ? It 's buried in a pull-down menu two layers deep . What a waste of money .
 Quickbooks standard payroll software is 199.00 but they removed the ability to print the 941s and 940s unless you pay an additional 100.00 Want to buy online ? it says 199 but charges 299.00 and the fine print they automaticly charge your credit card anually.Call customer service - got put on hold for 1/4 hour then they dropped the call.Too bad the original people sold the company .
 QB PRO 2007 IS SO SLOW , VERY SLOW AT BACKING UP AND BUILDING REPORTS , I CALLED THE COMPANY AND THEY TOLD ME THEY ARE GETTING A LOT OF COMPLAINT ABOUT HOW SLOW IT IS , ALSO THEY SAID , 30 DAY WARRANTY SUPPORT , THAT IS NOT REALLY SO , YOU CA N'T CALL IN AND GET HELP , YOU HAVE TO GET ON INTERNET AND REQUEST A CALL BACK , WAIT A DAY OR SO TO GET A CALL BACK , -LRB- THEN THAT 'S IF YOU HAPPEN TO BE AROUND AT THAT TIME -RRB- VRY DISSAPPOINTEDALSO I ADDED 1GB TO MY COMPUTER TODAY , AND IT DID N'T HELP ANY !!!!!!!!
 Still a pain to use . Slow to open , the timer -LRB- which they finally updated -RRB- is still slow . The interface is still fugly and the new `` home page '' looks like a flowchart and is allegedly customizable , but who the heck has time for that ? I had trouble finding stuff I use all the time . And I wish I could have two invoices open at the same time , it would make things so much easier . Costs too much and provides very little guidance on how to set up your accounts -LRB- if it 's for the non-bookkeepers around us , make it clear what we 're supposed to do
 I 've used QuickBooks since 1996 . In the beginning I loved the program so much , I used to recommend it without hesitation to anybody who asked . Over the years , the program and Intuit itself has changed . Intuit has changed from a helpful organization to a greedy one . The software support has changed into a subscription based service taken care of overseas by people who do n't speak English very well . But worse than that , in December , we QB users all received an `` update '' to our software that took away Payroll form printing functions from us . In other words , over the past 10 years , I have been able to print W-2 's , 941 's and 940 government payroll forms from within the program . Intuit decided to take away that function without telling us and now , if we want to print these forms again , they are demanding a subscription to their `` Payroll Service '' for $ 199 a year !!! I would seriously be looking at another software package that does n't require a subscription for payroll information .
 I have a relatively simple business . I 'm an independent distributor of health products . I buy from the manufacturer and recieve a discount -LRB- set precent always -RRB- but pay tax and handling fee -LRB- also a set percentage -RRB- . My sales maybe at full price -LRB- plus the applicable tax and handling -RRB- or I can give varying degrees of discount up to my own discount value -LRB- so I do n't make or loose money on the transaction -RRB- . I need to know my inventory at the cost level . I have to prepare taxes for 2006 also . I 'm unable to use this software at all . I entered all my products - several hundred , but am unable to create the inventory or record my sales with the special discount . This software was a complete flop .
 I 'm a professional and have purchased QuickBooks versions every year since 2002 , and additional years prior to 2002 . That said , the 2007 version has an entirely different front-end design which one has to get used to . But more importantly , I suspect this new version interferes with the operation of XP Profesessional on my computer . I 'm not an IT guy , but that 's my take.I resent software which installs user IDs on a computer and modifies the computer 's normal operation . I 've only used the software briefly for one client , but I know this ... my computer will not shut down normally . I now have to click `` turn off '' twice . And when I boot up , I now have to select myself as user because QB2007 installed a user for itself.Sometimes developers should just leave well enough alone . I ca n't wait to uninstall this thing .
 Just upgraded to 2007 version . While I write this reveiw , my Quickbooks Pro is only 46 % through sorting the labels I asked it to print . Whether it be one label or 10 , expect to spend 10 + minutes EACH time you want to print customer labels . Since printing labels and making invoices is a huge part of my business , this version basically ruined a good thing . Please note , I am using very recent and beefy computers - printing labels is now a bigger headache than it ever was . For the first time in a long time , I will now be looking for alternatives .
 I have this . They want to charge me for tech support now because nothing is printing . I am looking for another accounting program ... . NOT INTUIT !!
 This product has a known issue with Vista that Intuit has not successfully resolved -LRB- according to Intuit 's technical support team -RRB- . My entire accounting system just crashed and the file had to be shipped to Intuit 's data recovery team with an ETA of 2 weeks . I 'd think twice . I ca n't allow two weeks to go buy without being able to pay a vendor or generate an invoice . I should note that I have done backups every day and those files also were not recoverable without expert assistance and the 2 week turnaround . BUYER BEWARE .
 I have been a QuickBooks user for over 10 years . I have a small company and after starting out with a couple other accounting programs , I soon settled into using QuickBooks . QuickBooks developed into a very good accounting program for small and medium sized businesses , added many good features , and became the leader in that category . But over the last few years , I have not liked the direction that Intuit has taken with QB . The company no longer seems to care whether the program accomodates the needs of the loyal users who supported it over the years . Instead of continuing to provide a solid accounting program that fulfills the needs of its targeted base , it is now trying to find ways to take away parts from the program and repackage it and try to sell it back to you as extra optional services . If payroll processing is something you are looking for in your accounting program , do n't look here . QB has just about made payroll processing from within the program useless ! Why ? Because they want to sell you on their payroll services . What you could once do within the QB program , you now have to pay $ 200 per year more by subscribing to the payroll services . The program is littered with advertisements for their extra pay-for services . Phone support is lousey . QuickBooks used to be good , maybe even great , but now , they only want your money .
 I was shocked to find that my purchased software stopped working after 30 days . They force you to register by calling in.If you do n't you ca n't use the program . If you are offended by forced registration - do n't purchase this software .
 It seems like I spend more time uploading Quickbooks updates than I do actually using the software . Right now , I 'm stuck at `` 9 % complete '' , where I 've been for the last 5 minutes . You would think with the amount of memory this program takes up combined with these onerous long infuriating updates that this program was running the entire universe . I 've never owned a program whose updates completly interupted my life as does Quickbooks . It 's beyond annoying . I just tried to cancel and my machine is now frozen . Thanks Quickbooks . I had work to do tonight , now I just get to fight your program that was supposed to make that work easier . Worse , it seems like the primary goal of these updates are to add on more crap they 're trying to market to you . That 's another dissapointment
 I wish I still had QuickBooks Pro 2006 . it was easier to use . Also since we installed PRO 2007 , I have had a number of problems with my payroll and check registers . My accountant is coming next week to try to fix everything . It was like my computer said `` no , do n't do this to me '' . Dates got mixed up -LRB- showed dates past January -RRB- , check registers -LRB- I have 4 -RRB- were mixed up ; one had parts missing , ca n't reconcile another because data changed - everything was fine until I made this change . I 'm blaming these problems on the Pro 2007 because everything was fine until this was installed . Maybe it could be a computer glitch too but who knows ...
 After being notified that QBooks would no longer be supporting my 2004 version for payroll updates , I had to upgrade and purchased the 2007 version . I have a business with 6 employees . I do my own payroll but rely on QBooks for taxes and withholding.The software seems to work fine ; but I sure do n't need all the bells and whistles . And I do n't care to have such a large backup file . Backing up used to take about 20 seconds . Now you may as well go down the hall , get a cup of coffee , and chit chat for a while.There needs to be a simple version for the small business owner . And the company needs to offer payroll support for more than 2 years . That is the part that really chaps me . I should n't have to buy expensive new software almost every year .
 I have been a quickbooks user since 1995 . Would n't use anything else . I updated from 2004 to 2007 version of Pro . I have been extremely disappointed . I can not back up my data . They have over improved a very good product . I am trying to get a older version to replace the 2007 from QB .
 I do n't have a problem with the software . It pretty much does what we need but reversing an error can be a nightmare . Before I start this tirade , I should point out that the customer service reps were very nice . But they do n't have the infrastructure to provide the most basic level of service -LRB- please , read on -RRB- . The customer support system for the payroll upgrade on this product is really scary . -LRB- 1 -RRB- They want to have access to your checking account to pay for the annual payroll subscription !! -LRB- 2 -RRB- They DO NOT SEND RECEIPTS !! I help with the books for a small non-profit and paid for the payroll subscription on my own credit card . The only receipt I could get was a copy of the invoice , which is not formatted to print correctly on an HP1200 -LRB- duh !! -RRB- . What is really disturbing is that these people are supposed to be accounting experts ! If you acquiesce to the checking account withdrawal , the only receipt you receive is the line item on your bank statement . Have they every heard of a `` paper trail '' . Well you sure wo n't get one if you purchase the payroll subscription for this product . I will start looking for an alternative to Intuit because they obviously do n't understand some basic accounting and auditing principles .
 To reiterate what others have said
 I have had to un-install and reinstall three times and it still wo n't update on a very current Windows XP version . I hate how hard it is to download from my bank and it never recognizes the stuff anyway so I have to go through line by line and create aliases . I like Quicken better but the accountant ca n't figure out how to import Quicken into his Quickbooks Pro so here it is . Hate it , hard as ever not easier , the whole thing takes way too long to work with . Reports are a bit easier which is good or I would have tossed it out the window and bought Microsoft Money .
 Quickbooks make sure you have to buy the full version every three years . My 2007 version NEVER worked right . I did n't know it did not work until 35 days after I first used the product . Try to get service without purchasing a Service Plan ! I finally got in and told them my problem , to which they finally responded there was a `` bug '' that has not been resolved . You can not email more than one invoice at a time . I have a customer that wants to be billed once a month and it would simplyfy my operation if I could send the invoices at the same time . This function worked in my 2004 version - until it came time for the 2004 version to expire . Last time I called Quickbooks they said they still do n't have a fix - they would let me know when they fixed it . I DOUBT IT ! It has been three months and I still have n't heard from them . They knew when I purchased the product it did not work . Go somewhere else for your software .
 I just got the 2006 version 6 months ago , and just purchased a new Vista computer . They sent this BS email a few months back saying `` 2006 wo n't work with Vista '' . Basically I had no choice but to upgrade after error after error popped up in Vista -LRB- especially when using plugins -RRB- . Furthermore , there is n't even an `` upgrade '' . Why must I buy a full version EVERY time I want a new version . Even MS lets you properly upgrade Windows , and there are MANY more changes in an OS than in a 1-yr old piece of acctg . software . Even the toolbar is chock-full of advertisements for other products . I feel like I 'm using a trial version even though I just paid $ 200 for this thing.Not even the '07 interface has changed . I feel ripped off and stuck in a corner . MS
 I spent 3 hrs . on the phone with tech support and another 4 or 5 on my own trying to install on a stand-alone computer . It finally installed , but now I get a 39056 error code , and the program wo n't load . The fix posted on Intuit 's forum does n't work . I 've reinstalled with no success . Tech support is clueless . And because I purchased the software thru my college , I ca n't get a refund . I thought this would be perfect software to assist me with my accounting degree . Boy , was I ever wrong ! Run , do n't walk , away from this horrible product .
 I ca n't believe that I have to upgrade at Full price to 2007 from 2006 just so I can get Vista compatibility . Greedy ... I 'm going to check into other accounting programs .
 Costumer service is a complete oxymoron with this company . If you want to waste half your time then buy this for sure . Pencil and paper work better than this product and are more reliable .
 Save yourself the money , this doesnt give any more insight than the quickbooks help pages .
 After reading all the negative reviews , I was leery of purchasing this . But , my accountant said that Intuit had fixed the problems . So , I bought it from Amazon . When I got it , it was obvious that it was a ` returned ' product . Both the inner and outer seals had been opened and the disc itself was smudged . But , I did n't care , as long as it worked . I installed it and it worked perfectly , including the upgrading of my database - that is , until I went to register it . It kept rejecting my online registration , which forced me to call them -LRB- I 'd rather go to the dentist -RRB- . Turns out , the software is already registered in someone else 's name . Amazon had sold me ` pirated ' software ! So , I had to buy an online download direct from Intuit -LRB- at $ 50 more -RRB- . The experience with Intuit was horrible , as well . The accent of the person who took my call was so heavy that I had to constantly ask him what he was saying . He kept trying to sell me upgrades that I did n't want , implying that they were necessary in order for the new software to work properly . Then , the download would n't install . After multiple attempts , I finally figured a solution myself and got it registered . From what I can see so far , there 's a major learning curve involved from the 2004 version . The software itself may turn out to be fine , but I hated the whole experience , as well as the stranglehold that Intuit has over us . I will be looking into Peachtree Accounting software .
 windows 95 software does not work on new computers , especially not on a mac .
 This product was bad when it was new , about five years ago , and is really not worth it . The worst thing is that you get this one to save a few bucks and what you get is wasted time , when the decent ones are still under $ $ $ . Business planning software does work when you use it right , but what a shame to spend time with this one when there are good ones out there .
 I bought it 6 months ago and have yet to produce 1 respectable project . The technical support is non-existant and vague . In factI 'm attempting another project today and I need updates and patches ... ALL the websites are unavailable.the program itself is WAY too complex and you have to carry out far too many mouse clicks to simply apply and adjust transitions . Transitions are not smooth -LRB- Audio & Video -RRB- . Ulead says it runs on 98SE , which I originally had , but when I ran into problems , their solution was switch to 2000 . I did , it 's still finnikey . $ 450 is now collecting dust . It looks like ADOBE Premiere now !
 Company does n't care about this product . I gave it two stars only because it is a nice piece of software in many ways . It appears the company is allowing it to die a slow death by not updating it.I put a con first , then the review , as I believe buyers need to be very aware of this : CON : - ** No AVCHD support -LRB- shows a trend -RRB-
 Now , it 's rare I hate a single program because I believethat there is a lot of potential and use in a many appsaround these days , unfortunately this is not the case forthis heinous product . Hate is definitely the apt word Ihold for Media studio pro . It is by far the most frustrating , confusing , useless video editor on the market today.How do these people sleep at night by charging so much forabsolute garbage.People - heed my warning . . by VEGAS 5.0 instead . I give thatproduct a heavy endorsement and thoroughly recommend it toamatuers and professionals alike . It is simply brilliantand a dream to use - THE WAY VIDEO EDITORS SHOULD BE .
 Honestly I think this is pretty bad , and let me explain why.It says you can customize the opponents , the style of the tournament etc. . . This is all true . However other than the tournament settings , the changes seemed to have no effect . I wanted to simulate more of a real table with at least 1 bad player , an aggressive player , a tight player ... etc. . So I go in and change the parameters.However the opponents played the same way no matter what I did with them . I even changed the strength of each hand to total opposites of their defaults , and the opponents all played the same way . I do n't think changing anything has any effect.I tested this thoroughly , I went and changed each opponent at a full table with various settings , playing with them for hours and still ... they played just as they were playing before I altered them.It 's ok as a simulator to play somewhat competent opponents under any style of tournament you want , but since that 's all it is , and it does n't do as advertised , I give it a 1 .
 I received this a couple of days ago . Mine arrived in the mail very quickly , but without the booklet that contained the activation code , but if this happens and you get in touch with the Poker Academy customer support , they will quickly get it sorted out and supply you with a code.Without any doubt at all this is the best software package for Texas Hold 'em , either in this version , or in the more expensive Pro version , that there is out there . Hands down . By a mile . I have played a bit with one or two other programs , but this one is far superior in every respect , and the online Poker Academy site is also a very valuable resource.The design and layout of the tables is far superior to nearly all of the online poker rooms that I have seen , with all the information you need or want neatly displayed without clutter or visual distractions . The artificial intelligence powered players are terrific , and there is all kinds of extra statistical stuff to help you out.Quite frankly it is hard to see how anyone who really wants to develop Hold 'em skills can be without this tool . In the regular version -LRB- this one -RRB- you get an only slightly stripped down version of the rather expensive Pro version for a very reasonable price -- but without some of the more esoteric refinements that the average person would not want or need . Would make a great Xmas or birthday gift for any poker player in your family who does not have it already , or for anyone who has a laptop and would like to become a poker addict.The tables look great , especially in the online tournaments , on my widescreen monitor , which is perfect for the game . Or if you want to put together a dedicated machine for poker practice , it will run on a laptop with a 800 mhz chip speed , which you can now pick up these days for less than half the price of the latest laptops , and take it with you anywhere . -LRB- Of course , if you already have a laptop ignore this . -RRB- Just terrific . *** Please note that this review should have a five star rating , but for some reason Amazon will not allow corrections to a star rating when editing a review . Strange , but true .
 As far as poker games go , Poker Academy 2 is one-up with tracking of statistics and better than normal poker AL. . The problem with the game is one that many cite in other games such as Tournament Poker is the irritating tendency of the game to seemingly direct outcomes , particularly when it `` learns '' how to play you . Apparently the adaptation is that when it can not beat you , it will steer the winning cards to the heads-up bot . On too many occasions while playing the game I would be leading to the river when the program magically gives the bot the three or four out card to win . What rational player -LRB- and big stack such as yourself -RRB- with no danger of being eaten away by the blinds would call your preflop all-in of pocket kings with 2-5 offsuit and turn a wheel straight UNLESS you knew that an ace ,3 and 4 will come ? That happened along with hundreds of other incidents such as calling an all in with A-J with a board of 3-6-7-9 , me with pocket tens , no draw possibiliies , both of us with 200 grand , and the river magically bringing a jack ! This has happened so many times that I just laugh and I 've stopped recording them . Again , as far as games go , it is not pre-programmed as is World Class Poker but if you are seeking a fair and totally random game , play live poker .
 I was very excited when I ordered this game , as I am an avid Texas Hold em ' player . However , upon recieving it and playing it , I was very dissappointed . For being fairly new , the programmers should have randomly dealt the cards . I had the same hands repeatedly in all of the games . It got to the point where I could tell you the next hand I would be dealt , along with the winner and the hands they were dealt . The game would freeze repeatedly also , not worth the money !!
 BE ADVISED - When you install Poker Academy 2 Pro you have to be on-line and register , using its key , for it be verified and allowed to function . YOU ARE ALLOWED TO DO THIS ONLY TWO TIMES . PERIOD !!! If you install it on a desktop and a laptop , fine . But that is all ! If you want to install it again , because your computer hard drive crashed or you just wanted a new computer , forget trying to install PA2 Pro again , they wo n't let you . It happened to me and when I emailed support they just ignored me . Apparently you have to buy a new key at the going price to install PA2 Pro again . They said only 2 installs per key and THEY MEAN IT .
 This program gave me a horrible FLASHback to the year 1988 . You see , when I was six I was reaching for this quarter which was close to the edge of a lake but I did n't care , I reached and reached but I reached a little too far not knowing about the dangers that would soom loom ahead ... . I di n't get the quarter , instead I fell off the dock into a very deep body of water . As I was trying to gasp for air all I could breath in was that nasty Lake Huron water which rushed into my little lungs , my young mind told me that this has to be the worst thing that could EVER happen to anyone . A horrible feeling , you know what i 'm talkin about , that helpless feeling , that feeling of being left for dead . Well eighteen years later , I had the same horrible experience with NAMO Freemotion 2006 . But at first , when I read the box at comp USA I was like `` this thing looks like the real deal '' , but after I bought and installed this turd I felt like I slipped and fell into the deep end and there was no David Hasselhoff to save me . All kidding aside friends , The overlays provided gave me no indication of what I was doing , the predesigned animations looked like those stupid pop-up ads , the animation tools were a joke , and they featured the whole program on `` FLASH MOVIES '' . Like I said after reading the box I was like FLASH MOVIE , that sounds pretty sweet but walking to pick up that loose quarter in 1988 also seemed like a good Idea too . I 'm telling ya man , the moment I noticed what `` flash movies '' were all about I was like wow ... you have to be kidding me you know , -LRB- every editor known to man can do this dumb feature -LRB- in a much more easier way too -RRB- . For anyone who is no aware of what a flash film is I have created a presentation for you : `` hey guys check out this `` flashy '' movie I made opps I mean check out all of these Parkensins diseased words twitching around that some stupid program did for me . -LRB- Wow ARE YOU IMPRESSED I created that -RRB- ... yeah.Now check out my flash film in still form : vAUgE DiReCtIon $ -LRB- it 's such a joke , wait you know what , buy the program so you can see how hilarious the instructions really are -RRB- nO cUstoMer $ uPPort PhOne Number ## < wow ! no stupid remark required for this one . -LRB- wait that remark was stupid -RRB- . vaGUE RetUrn POLicyThat was my flash film was n't IT flA $ HY!I ca n't stress how horrible this program is I mean , it would be another story if the box had warnings like `` video editors need not touch this with a 50 feet pole '' or how bout this one if `` anyone is n't studying to be CAD programer , or a rocket scientist , or is n't Doogie Howser '' . To sum it up this is strictly for advanced WEB EDITORS -LRB- and Neil Patrick Harris -RRB- but not Vinnie Delpeno -LRB- the film maker -RRB- NAMO FREEMOTION 2006 IS ALSO PERFECT FOR : -LRB- people who ca n't think of any artistic and animated ideas for themselves -RRB- NAMO FREEMotion 2006 is as `` FREE '' AS three consectutive life sentances -LRB- or drowning in Lake Huron in 1988 -RRB- .
 The MIDI/USB cable works as advertised , and I 'm able to record music easily . The problem is , I bought this software to learn to PLAY piano ... and it 's entirely useless . The educational software is not compatible with Windows Vista , and the publisher does not offer product support for Vista users.I 've tried every conceivable method to get this software to work on Vista , and it 's a no-go . I even tried changing compatibility settings with no luck . I 'm sure the software works great on older computers , but if you 're running Vista , find something else .
 I downloaded this and of ALL the songs they give you in their library there is not one song I would want to waste my time learning . Unless you want to learn `` Farmer in the Dell '' go to YouTube and learn there for free . Did the software work ? I did not waste my time even trying . The packaging was n't bad .
 Despite its age , I was willing to give `` Teach Me '' a shot . I worked dutifully through a few dozen lessons , but then as soon as multiple notes had to be played simultaneously , the software was unable to detect two notes at a time . I have the latest sound drivers and everything . Tech support was useless too .
 The software is from windows 98 time . Error boxes that come up are from windows 98 . I would download midi songs from the net and the program would give me an error.It claims that you can add your own songs to learn , but it does n't get nearly as involved as songs that it comes with . It was only worth it for the cable that it comes with . I am looking for other software to try and learn piano .
 I was quite disappointed with this software . The MIDI USB adaptor was fine , but the piano tutoral was very primitive with low res . graphics and it does n't even support long filenames !! It looks like it was designed for Windows 95 and has n't been updated since.I 'm suprised they still market this . If I did n't need the MIDI adaptor for other things , I would have returned the whole package .
 I wish had been wiser . I thought it would be easier . Bah ! There are NO short cuts to learning piano ?
 It 's a pity the product is not compatible with Vista - therefore useless unless you have an old pc .
 there are better programs . You will spend either the same amount or a little more . If you are a business that does not do its own books but you need excellent billing/invoicing ... try kBilling . Just Google search the term invoice software.there are better more fully functioning programs than this piece of junk by Inuit . this program is meant to get you to try Quicken or QuickBooks more than it is designed to do invoicing . And Intuit actually makes you pay for itHA !
 When you 're running a business from home , you need something that will allow you to include discounts and subtotals for your customers . This program says it does that ... but it does n't . From what I 've seen . . it 's false advertising and it just wants you to buy the next best thing . I wasted my money and I 'll most likely never buy anything from Intuit again.I went through the annoying process of adding my company info ... customers ... and started making an invoice after adding a long number of items . And then I realized ... NO SUBTOTAL . NO DISCOUNT option . I went to the help area . . searched for subtotal , discount , and coupon ... Nothing . Then I went to the boards . Apparently it 's offered in more expensive packages.I 've never been more frustrated . This program would have been awesome . It has a timer -- that I ca n't use to incorporate smoothly with my prices . So ... It 's not really better than my previous method . -- It has a nice email interface . . and the option to add credit card billing . Creating templates have never been more frustrating.Microsoft Accounting is not the greatest -- but it 's a shining 10 stars in comparison to this load of crapola .
 I purchased Wincleaner Complete PC Care because my computer has been extremely slow and I have n't been able to solve the problem . My decision to purchase this was mainly based on the other reviews and the company 's marketing . After buying and using it , it has become apparent that statements about it being great for a novice , just ` one click , ' it does everything , etc. , are just not true when you actually see the product . Although I 'm not a ` geek , ' I 'm also not afraid of technology , but this is much more complicated than I would have liked . The Quick-Start instructions are 24 pages of small print . The software probably does most of what it says , but it did not solve my computer 's problems , and after installing and running it , I get more error messages than before and have lost files and settings . Furthermore , the company makes claims about their great customer support with live phone help . That may be true , but if you are using this for a home computer and work during the day , their helpdesk hours of M-F , 10 am to 4pm is not very helpful . And searching their online ` knowledgebase ' with obvious search terms has never found any results ! Do n't think there 's any knowledge in there ! There is supposedly a 30 day money back guarantee , but I doubt if they will allow me to return it . It does n't apply to on-line purchases !
 The one click did not work . I tried severval times . I made sure it was downloaded right . To no avail it still did not work . I can not delete it from my PC it will not let me . It has slowed down my PC . I have to put my PC in a shop to be fixed . Waste of time and money , More money than I paid from for my PC to be fixed.Very sorry I bought this .
 I have purchased hundreds of items , including software from this site over the past decade plus . THIS IS THE ABSOLUTELY WORST ITEM THAT I HAVE EVER PURCHASED FROM THIS SITE OR ANYWHERE !!!! The software worked for only ONE computer !!! NUMEROUS EMAILS to wincleaner are fully ignored.THIS COMPANY IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST !!!! Do not be fooled by trolls who give this product more than one star ! The company must have employees log on to give this product favorable evaluations , but read the truth for the numerous people who have been robbed by wincleaner.Offered serial number , valid purchase info. , but wincleaner does not even take the time to respond w. activation code.Save your money and buy air !
 Corel offers essentially no support for the Mac . According to their website , there is no support after 30 days , except for customer discussions which are inaccessible to OS X -LRB- because OS X will not accept websites beginning with `` news '' -RRB- . The program in version 7 is incompatible with Wacom drivers , according to the Corel website . Our copy will not open at all in Panther . Furthermore , the supposed upgrade for version 7 will not download from the Corel website . Clearly , Corel is in trouble -- and why should you get involved and founder with a sinking ship ?
 Our MCSE consultant spent 77 hours installing and dealing with their inept tech support . The final solution was a complete re-write of 5 of their program files -LRB- he 'd already installed 5 separate and worthless patches -RRB- . At the end , when we complained , they blamed our consultant and their lawyers sent us a nasty letter and a copy of their license agreement stating they were not to blame no matter what.If you buy this product please send us a check too , since we seemed to have been an intricate part of their R & D -LRB- costing us thousands of dollars -RRB- . In all seriousness , stay away from this product.-Joe
 Our MCSE consultant spent 77 hours installing and dealing with their inept tech support . The final solution was a complete re-write of 5 of their program files -LRB- he 'd already installed 5 separate and worthless patches -RRB- . At the end , when we complained , they blamed our consultant and their lawyers sent us a nasty letter and a copy of their license agreement stating they were not to blame no matter what.If you buy this product please send us a check too , since we seemed to have been an intricate part of their R & D -LRB- costing us thousands of dollars -RRB- . In all seriousness , stay away from this product.-Joe
 I 've been using Bitdefender V10 for about 10 months and found it to be very unstable . One day it 'll preform perfectly and the next day it will not allow an update or maybe it will simply allow a scan without realtime protection . It also slows the machine to a snails pace and Customer Support ? Forget it ! Customer support is non-existent . I 've email their so called SUPPORT , a number of times , to report the problems I 'm experiencing and never received so much as an acknowledgement . I would not recommend it !
 This was a very disappointing purchase . The product does not perform as described . I really needed it for assistance in a kitchen design but as far as I can determine there are three fixed templates that are only available from a web site and no way to customize . . all in all the description of the software is very , very misleading and although I have purchased from your site in the past this experience has left me more than a little cautious.I doubt I will be back.You should have a warning of some sort that this software does not perform as described and the help section is non existent . At the outset I thought the price was too good to be true and it certainly turned out that way.A very disappointing experience.Robert J. Bosley .
 I purchased this product thinking it would allow me to take my dvds on my ipod to see them . when you put a dvd in to be transfered , it will tell you all dvds are copy-protected and it ca n't copy ! These people are misguiding thieves , they should specify that it is only homemade dvds !
 ... talk about being misled ! No where on the packaging of this product does it say `` Copies home videos only '' . What a waste of my money ... this software is useless and I wo n't bother returning it so some other poor sucker gets roped in on this dopey deal .
 Be informed that you will be paying a monthly service for versacheck payroll . This program is basically a middle-man , a link to a payroll company you will be paying every month to use . I can do that locally . THEN , all this is done over the internet . Utter Garbage I tell you . Save your money and find the numerous software titles where you pay one time and offer the same as this but personal and confidential .
 There is no need to purchase this software it does not help you with payroll , the best thing is to use online payroll services such as intuit . This software was a complete waste of time and money I ended up having to use intuit anyways to do my payroll .
 I bought this Windows XP version of Creator hoping that it would be updated and have some of the bugs worked out over the Windows 98 version I got a while back . Well , it does work better , but it still has much of the needless limitations the older version did . There 's still a lack of the full range of pieces that you need to make anything of decent complexity including a complete lack of cornering pieces , the variety of turntables and hinges is a left wanting , and some of the pieces that need to be turned sideways to snap into place just plain ca n't , -LRB- though that last one maybe something I myself am overlooking -RRB- . But worst of all , and absolutely the most aggravating , is the program 's tendency to freeze and lock-up when your project gets too large . And I do n't mean `` large '' as in a Lego-man-scale model of the USS Missouri -LRB- which I tried -RRB- but even with much more reasonably sized , but still large , ones . And even when the software does cooperate on the big projects , after you save and later try to bet back to it , it will error-out and not let you back in . After spending a few days on something , it 's beyond frustration to have the program freeze up or not let you access it ever again.My only wish is that the people of LEGO would make a Creator program that has all the myriad parts and can handle a sizable number of pieces without malfunction .
 This does not work on XP at all . You can see what is on the disk , but you can not open anything . I have tried on several computers , bought at different times , and it does n't work . My son was really looking forward to playing this after Christmas .
 This product was advertised as working on XP but we could never get it to run . Needless to say my 6 year old was quite disappointed . Me too , cuz it looks fun .
 Installation took about an hour , and then I spent another two hours or so trying to get it to do ANYTHING on my brand new Windows 7 Dell . No luck whatsoever - it kept misidentifying me as a Windows NT user , and insisting that I needed Administrative privileges -LRB- which I have and was using -RRB- . The company website 's tech support pages evidently are n't being maintained ; I gather EMU is n't a very high priority for Creative , and neither is quality control -LRB- which I already knew from the fact that my brand new `` I paid extra for this '' Creative sound card that came with my brand new Dell is effectively useless -RRB- .
 I thought that I may enjoy this product but the disc only worked about 4 to 5 times.No problem , according to the accompanying paperwork - send in your info and they willsend you another . That was 6 months ago , and I 'm still waiting . Now that I needanother one , I guess I 'll be giving my money to someone who backs up their claims .
 Especially when it was priced so cheap . My problems started when I actually tried to use it.The site functions are potentially really nice , but I found that there were too many missing pieces that made it frustrating . For example ; I wanted to apply a style sheet to the site , but I found no way to apply it to the entire site . Instead I had to go through each page and set the style sheet . There were several cases where making a change that should be capable of propogating through the site structure do n't . The last straw was when I tried to setup a horizonal under a navigation bar . I wanted to put them close by using the break tag instead of a paragraph . If I went from the source tab to the preview it looked fine , but each time I went back to the edit tab the application insisted on inserting a paragraph tag.This editor has great potential , and if you can live with the supplied templates I 'm sure it would work fine . If you have a design in mind you may find it frustrating as I did.I have no other product to recommend because I have found something irritating in each other product I 've tried .
 If you are thinking of buying this item , I would strongly reconsider . It does n't work . The one I bought was not new , it was on a verbatim CD-R and did not come with a CD key to activate it . Roxio themselves said that I was not suppose to have it . Save yourself the money and do n't buy this product .
 This software does not work . I am glad I paid less than 10.00 for it . I guess you really do get what you pay for .
 This software sucks !!!! OMG im stupid i shouldve checked the review first.Oh well , i learned my lesson , there goes my five dollars down the drain.Piece of s ** T software cant do S ** T!Deserve no star at all !! It deserves my middle finger !! I wish the software designer was here right in front of me so i can chuck the cd @ him !!
 THIS SOFTWARE CD EXACTLY AS PICTURED is developed by Pinnacle . Cosmi markets it . Much like Sears sells Kenmore refrigerators . Someone else , Pinnacle of CAlifornia in US apparently developed the CODE.NOTHING IN OR ON THE PACKAGING TELLS ANYONE THAT BUYER MUST ` BUY UP ' TO HIGHER LEVELS OF SOFTWARE SUCH AS PLUS VERSION OR ULTIMATE VERSION TO GET DVD RIPPING/SAVING BACKUP FEATURES . After a SLOWWWWWW install on a ` BIG BOX ' 2 yr old WIN XP PC A second PDF FILE installed tells one about the UPGRADE ` need ' . NOTHING on the CD itself or CD CASE SLEEVE tells user ahead of time !!!!!!!
 the main problem with this software I believe , is that some of the packages have a limited version software in them . different to what is named on the label.which does not allow conversion from dvd to vdc.under trading standards law this is a serious offence , but since cosmi do not want to know , the best thing to do is to write it off to experience . although to be fair the software originally comes from pinnacle , and their support is also a waste of time.ps the cd copying is ok
 I bought a copy of the Cosmi DVD Ripper Media Suite . It is not a full version but , instead a limited version will not let me burn DVD 's . Do n't know if it does Cd 's or not . Does n't matter I can already do that with my computer . Oh well just a big waste of time like I thought it would be . Just glad I have another way of burning DVD 's just have to burn them in real time . Myself I would n't recomend Cosmi products to anyone for anything just a big RIPOFF in my opinion .
 First of all this does convert dvd movies to mpeg I wanted this so I could leave the movie on my laptop with out taking the disk with me . It takes 3.5 to 4 hours to copy them to the computer . This is the drawback.If you want to copy the movie to a disk the program compresses the movie so much it is useless sometimes leaving part of the movie out .
 Do not buy this or any Cosmi or Starshine software . It installs Spyware on your computer and it will take an expert to get rid of it . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 buy COSMI DVD Ripper Suite -LRB- Windows -RRB- insted of this one . this one works not as fast .
 I first burned a short film as a test . Unlike their claims , it does not play in every dvd player . It worked in 2 out of the 3 dvd players I tested . Secondly , the quality is the equivalent of watching tv with rabbit ear antennas with weak reception . Not appropriate as back up for an original dvd . I tried a longer movie and began the burning process before leaving for work . 10 hours later when I arrived at home it was still burning . I had to manually shut down my machine to get it to stop -LRB- program not responding . -RRB- I was afraid that it might have damaged my burner since it ran all day long , but luckily it seems fine . Given the quality of the first test copy , I decided it was n't worth trying again . Then , of course is the spyware issue . I read the other reviews and searched the internet and found that cosmi has been allegedly associated with a firm that bundles adware with certain programs . If true , this is reason enough not to buy a product . However , my spy-remover software did not detect any suspect programs spyware/adware . Though upon uninstalling this DVD ripper , I noticed that there were programs and files left behind without an uninstall option . And if that all is not enough , be aware that you can not copy encripted DVDs with this product anyway ... which pretty much rules out every single comercial DVD ever released . Unless of course you obtain additional software to get around this . Such software is generally not available commercially due to a recent court ruling , but there is always freeware . Regardless , do yourself a favor by a real DVD burner and use different burning software .
 I bought it and tried to rip a dvd.It didnt work . I kept trying and trying . Nothing worked . Idont recommend it .
 I bought the full retail `` suite '' at $ 19 which also includes this product . It does n't do anything -- just like some other reviewers say on this and the retail package . It would n't even recognize that there was a DVD in the DVD player . I do n't mean that it would n't see the player -- I mean it could n't read DVDs at all . Apparently , judging from other posts , it simply is incompatible with some DVD players . Also , when you run the program the display is all squeezed together so that you can not change many options . Customer service sent me on the run around for another week and finally just about admitted that they know their software does n't do anything . They also would not refund my money . I threw this junk software away -- it is so bad that I could n't bring myself to foist it on someone used . Go with shareware instead . I will never buy another product from COSMI .
 I was trying to copy `` The Butterfly Effect , '' but the DVD Ripper did n't do anything . On the other hand , I was able to copy the movie with DVD Ripper Suite . You know , there are two different products on the market
 Me and my freinds just tried to use all of them . I think DVD Ripper Suite works faster .
 product does not work with current software . Need Windows 98 and earlier . Vender did not state computer compatibility requirements ... Same on you . Vender / Customer relationships are based on trust . None disclosure is the same as not telling the truth .
 The graphics are very amateurish , especially by today 's standards . Lots of the same image , but in different colors . And IF I remember correctly most images are n't animated .
 Do not buy this or any Cosmi or Starshine software . It installs Spyware on your computer and it will take an expert to get rid of it . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 I downloaded Interiors Pro from Microspot 's website after completing the tutorial that comes with the `` demo '' version of the software . I have used Punch Architectural Series 4000 for Win XP , so I 'm not a novice . I liked the realism of Interiors ' screen shots and movies -LRB- on website -RRB- over Punch 's and now have a Mac . Also the ability to create QT movies of projects . So I decided to buy it.As it turns out , the tutorial shows you how to basically put the fininishing touches on a room . So I was not prepared for how difficult it would be to create the room itself . The user guide is not helpful -LRB- just describes the menus , item by item -RRB- and neither is the website with its brief FAQ . The user forum is very out of date with few posts.My email to Microspot requesting a refund of my $ 225 was not answered for 2 days . Then I was told that because I downloaded the product rather than buying the boxed copy for $ 250 , I was not eligible for a refund . But maybe a future update would help me with the wall problem I had.So if you 're interested in this software , be aware that you are on your own .
 I purchased this program for my daughter who is always designing rooms using her Sims game . The discription called it simple . It 's not . It took us a week to figure out you needed to go to a web site to get the furniture . It should have an easy mode that begins with templetes and is drag and drop . She got frustrated and lost interest fast . A wasted Christmas gift !
 This sounds like a great product , so I brought it through Amazon . It is easy to install . When rebooting for the first time , it scans the disk drives and then hangs . I let it run scanning the disk drives for two hours before rebooting out of it . I unstall System Commander 9 and put it away . I am looking for a boot manager that would work on Windows Vista 32 bit operating system without hanging . I can not recommend this product for Windows Vista 32 bit system . Others may have better mileage with this product .
 The advertising for this product is no doubt accurate . Certainly , it is much faster than 3.0 , which was glacial in its response . It is now like running Windows on a 386 , rather than an 8088 chip . It is easier to manipulate via Mac controls . The transfer of files between the two OS 's is much simplier , a shared file located on the Apple Desktop . A very nice status monitor is located beneath the main screen that tells you about what the hardware is doing . It was actually a joy to use at first , until all the problems began to crop up.This program is actually a beta form pushed quickly into the market in time for the Christmas season , however . It crashed my 9.0 OS using IMac more than 15 times completely enough to require a complete reboot from the power key , while using their default settings of memory , etc. . It says that it supports USB , which my printer uses , but it also turns off the Chooser when it takes over , so , when I try to print out something the job actually gets as far as the printer spool in the computer , but it never would bridge the gap between the computer and the printer itself.And , so , at the price that you pay for the thing , it is not something that anyone should try , in the least . All the little advertised improvements really work , it is just that nobody seemed to have tested it out before they put it out on the market . As such , please do n't buy this software !
 The hype on the outside of the box is exactly that - HYPE . The product crashed my G4 , on both Mac OS 9.04 and 9.1 , and was unstable . Talk about Beta - this product has it in spades !
 I had several problems with this product : First , the link to update the CD -LRB- -LSB- URL -RRB- is defunct . There is no way to register the program or to update it past year 2000 , much less `` beyond year 2002 '' as the packaging suggests.Second , you must have the CD in the drive in order to run the program . I do a lot of research and find this an annoyance.Finally , the other books included with the program , such as the dictionary , ca n't be run separately from the main program.Spend a little extra money to get a current version of a different program . I wonder why Amazon continues to recommend this product .
 This has been a frustrating product for me , and my son has just given up . Both the registration link and the on-line help link are dead . The link that is supposed to lead to those great reference books -LRB- `` many of them free '' -RRB- leads to a site that ` has not yet been developed ' . I went directly to the S&S site to register and leave my comments . The registration failed and the comments were ignored . Without the touted additions and up-dates , this is simply a light-weight encyclopedia that is difficult to use . ...
 FMP 6 is an interesting product . If you take away the buggy ODBC , restricted script language and the thousands of workarounds , which have been created by a loyal usergroup , in order to compensate for a very old and outdated base product , you have a pretty poor means of managing your valuable data . I found FMP 6 to be cumbersome and very limited in how you can represent your data . Try to change a field appearance based on a condition -LRB- dollar amount exceeds $ ... -RRB- and you need to create hidden fields , duplicate formulas , etc. . It took 3 times longer than MS Access to get some pretty basic functionality out of this dog ! Yeah , they say they are faster , easier and more user friendly than MS Access . And , for applications predesigned in the included template , they are . Now , try to do what Access can do . `` Forget about it ! `` Filemaker needs a complete overhaul . They keep adding things like XML support -LRB- restricted -RRB- while the core program is so outdated that it makes a flatfile database look extremely hightech!If you have valuable data , a need to manage it , report on it , update it and automate it ... AVOID FILEMAKER!They compare themselves with MS Access , because MS Access does it right . Filemake is still designed for the Mac user . It 's a drawing program for spreadsheets . They have no upgrades for other products , and what they offer to existing users is pretty poor . Filemaker is milking whatever money it can before going out of business . Spend the extra $ ... and get a real relational database -LRB- Access , Alpha Five , etc. -RRB- . Heck , you will get more functionality and a better dela for your dollar by using MS Excel . And , your data will be stable and safe , and look better.The days of the Mac database known as Filemaker are coming to an end . Their product is poor , at best . Their marketing programs are for MAc users . Their user community is so old they are afraid to move to a true RDBM .
 I have had terrible experiences with this company regarding their Draconian upgrade policies . I suggest you avoid this product and this company .
 I bought this game for my 5 yrs old daughter.I thought it might be fun to print those items and build by herself.But after I install the game . It 's very boring.There are very few features/pictures for each activity.About 2 or 3 . The color will go outside the picture lines easily and make my daughter feel sad . -LRB- Even me ca n't make the color only inside the lines -RRB- The background theme pictures are ugly , kids do n't like them.Only the color for crayons is good , colorful.Although the price is very cheap now.I still think it 's wasting money.Kid 's do n't like it !
 First of all for Mac , users this is your only option for a good reliable , well known database , so I recommend it to them most of all . For PC users however , stay very far away , Microsoft Access has all the tools you need already . Based upon user experience , I think Microsoft Access is much easier , -LRB- read carefully now , before you judge my review -RRB- . People say that FileMaker is the easiest database ever created , but they are dead wrong , they have never tried Access . Entering information into the database in FileMaker is like thorns in your finger , it is so difficult . I tried to enter the date for my music collection and it kept on giving me an error message that it should be done a particular way , I followed its instructions and still ended up with the same error . Creating reports is also painful , unlike Microsoft Access which uses a simple tabed interface you can immediately switch from tables to creating quries and beautiful reports . In FileMaker , the database uses some sort of Visual Basic interface to create reports , Access uses simple wizards to get you where you are going . Access is also more powerful in terms of integration with SQL , ODBC , other database server products so there is no conflict with your data . FileMaker is simple and too weak for users to spend upto $ ... , buy Access and you will never regret it . And with the integration between other MS Office products , you will be amazed . One of the features I love the most is the ability to create mail merge documents using database information from Access into Microsoft Word . Your able to easily convert a database from Access to Excel , vice versa easily . All of this would be a head ache in FileMaker . If you are on the Windows platform , certainly Access is the best way to go !
 I bought this for a 4th grader in advanced math . To be frank , the software is boring . You can be lectured to in one program or take quizzes in another . There 's no interactivity - kids will become tired of this software quickly . The publishers quality control is lax too - one screen showing topics to be quizzed on listed `` Additionition '' among its offerings.The grade range says grades 4-12 but it has concepts -LRB- like addition -RRB- suitable for lower grades . Kids in those lower grades will find the software even more boring.I had no trouble installing the software and running it under Vista , though it takes a really long time to install and uninstall . I 'm returning this software - do n't make the same mistake I did and skip this product -LRB- I bought it in a store on impulse ... no reviews to guide me . -RRB-
 Waste of money . I bought it for my daughter , loaded it on her XP machine and it just locked up . I contacted Topics and they have a downloadable fix ... but of course that only works if you got it to load right in the first place . Infuriating that software vendors can get away with this and I have to waste my precious time getting their products to work , and when I seek a refund they tell me I 'm out of warranty . Finally you just throw in the towel and kiss your money goodbye . Is n't that called fraud ? I will never buy a Topics product again . This event -LRB- along with many others like it -RRB- convinced me to migrate my family over to the Mac platform , where programs actually work !
 I could not make this software run on my Dell desktop with Windows XP . It might be good if it ran ??? I guess I 'll never know .
 I bought this product after talking to one of the Abbyy reps at a trade show in Las Vegas . My primary reason for buying was to turn documents into PDF files for repository storage . I also wanted to take some of my stored PDF documents and edit them in MS Word ... conversion into PDF was ok -LRB- words were right , formatting was screwed up -RRB- but converting PDF into word was horrible ... worked nothing like the demo they showed me
 It covers the first two or three weeks of a good piano tutorial , and even then skips the more difficult parts . Upon completion , you wo n't be able to play any kind of sheet music , other than real simple monophonic songs , like `` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' or `` Twinkle Twinkle Little Star '' . The reality is that it helps you to memorize a number of songs , as opposed to learn how to read music and play piano . The play along feature is poorly designed . If you make any mistake it gets confused and you have to start over .
 I have worked with this software program and others from Adventus extensively , but am actively seeking a replacement in my studio . Installation and set-up does not work well for most of my students . Tech support is not nearly as helpful as they advertise , in fact usually they just get defensive when you tell them what is n't working . Theory Thinker lessons are boring and move much too quickly for most children . Theory games are lacking to say the least . The picture is stuck in a little square box , has not been adjusted for widescreens . There is a latency issue that costs significant $ to overcome , no matter what sound card you use . Finger numberings are given over every note of each song , and often the finger numbers are wrong . They have changed a few notes here and there in classical pieces to get around copyrights . Composer 's Corner is frustrating to use . Do yourself a favor and pick some different software . Children 's Music Journey from the same company is much better for young children , I have used it with many children with success
 I am a piano teacher and I have all my students spend a portion of their lesson time on the computer learning theory , rhythms , etc. . I 've been using Music Ace -LRB- which is excellent -RRB- for a long time and decided it was time for something new . I was very disappointed with the quality of this product . The theory section of the program is SO incredibly boring , just a man or woman speaking in a very monotone voice and reading the text that is written on the screen . It would be very difficult for a child or teenager to learn anything from it because it is so hard to pay attention to . I could barely stand to listen to it for more than a minute . The games are poorly designed , very limited , do not become any more difficult than identifying notes on the piano , and would definitely not hold the interest of my piano students . My intermediate students would not have had anything to learn from this program . I read so many good reviews before buying , but have also read that the legal team behind this product has been very good at removing bad reviews from the public eye . It was a HUGE disappointment and I will be returning this product and sticking with Music Ace , which is much better designed !
 Software does n't work on Vista or Windows 7 . Installed update 2.9 and still did n't work . The software will sometimes install but not Run . The Keyboard Wizard operates . But that 's it . Works on Windows XP but it has a lot of quirks and buggy system errors and stalls . Sometimes while installing you would get `` theory video will not open '' and the software will not install or crash.It seems like a good program judging from the videos online , but if you are a novice at computers , do n't waste your money . If you try to email customer support for help , you will only get a basic auto suggestion on how to fix the problems .
 Nowhere on the box , website , or anywhere , is it mentioned that you MUST keep the CD in the drive at all times . I planned to use my netbook with a Yamaha CLP-170 -LRB- it fits right on top when you fold the sheet-music holder down -RRB- . Trying to transfer the CD to a USB-drive for installation wo n't work - ultimately it checks for the CD . Now I am stuck . While I completely agree that once you open software it should n't be returnable , not only can I NOT use it , but what 's it to Adventus to return my money ? After all , I could n't have copied it . I tried their ` Live Chat ' , but they pretended not to understand my question and disconnected me ! Is my English improper or confusing to you ? I did n't think so.This is not an Amazon issue . Adventus should clearly state that this is a requirement that could stymie your installation .
 -LSB- -- SETUP PROBLEMS -- -RSB- I 've tried to set this program up using a midi cable and two or three different computers . It was difficult to get the software to recognize the attached keyboard , even though it is midi compatible . -LSB- -- SOFTWARE IS LAME -- -RSB- There are included games which have nothing to do with music or reading music . We were n't even sure what the games were for . -LSB- -- MUSICAL GUIDANCE -- -RSB- The musical guidance is the reason we bought the software and it just did n't exist . We simply wanted something that helped us progress from one note and one key to many notes in many keys and it just did n't have anything like this . It just set up the songs and had you go . -LSB- -- INCLUDED MUSIC -- -RSB- The included songs are n't bad . Lots of public domain stuff so no royalties are involved for software maker .
 This company does not follow their own satisfaction guarantee which is plaining advertised on their website , I returned the software as directed by their customer service and they proceeded once it was recieved to deduct money off my return for the color of the packing tape i returned the product in stating the box was part of the product ... wouldnt advise anyone buying from them in the future , they just seemed shady and unconcerned about the customer . . filing BBB complaint as well
 This game was not well thought out . It gives instructions on making a monster using certain numbers of parts . Great concept - kids have to do mental math . However , if the child makes a mistake along the way , they have no way to go back and check where they went wrong . The head of the lab just keeps saying they were wrong and to `` keep trying . '' Well , once a kid has lost count inside his or her head , there is no way to keep trying to make a certain number unless you can see what you have already done . Once the monster parts are selected and put inside the `` monster maker '' they become invisible . There is no way to count and see where you went wrong . The only thing you can do when you make a mistake is exit the entire game ! Otherwise it just tells you to `` keep trying . '' One mistake and the kid is done with this game . Do n't waste your money . Shame on you Houghton Mifflin for not testing your software for glitches like this !
 It is hard to think of this product as anything other than a rip-off . I tried it on two scanned in documents . In both cases , it simply retained the pages as images , and presented the page images as graphic images , in both word and html output . This , of course , did not render them editable , searchable , or anything of the sort.This product is supposed to have OCR built in . It simply did n't activate the OCR on what was clearly text -LRB- albeit scanned -RRB- , and processed each page as if it were a picture.I was running the product on NT 4.0 . The product give virtually no feedback or control as to what it is doing , or how it is analyzing pages , so if it choses to treat scanned text as a `` picture , '' you are simply out of luck.I also tried the product on some non-scanned PDFs . It did okay , but the conversion to HTML was quirky , with the text being okay , but with `` ruler lines '' being poorly placed , often on top of the text.Maybe version two is better , but it also costs twice as much .
 Do not buy this or any Cosmi or Starshine software . It installs Spyware on your computer and it will take an expert to get rid of it . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 Do not buy this or any Cosmi or Starshine software . It installs Spyware on your computer and it will take an expert to get rid of it . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 I purchased this program in order to form an Limited Liability Company in Utah . Unfortunately the program is the most unfriendly user interface of any software I have ever purchased . As for the their so called `` Help '' links . Click on it and there is no real help . Even after I figured out how to navigate the windows 3.1 style interface , my disappointment was about to increase dramatically . The software box shows that you can use the program to create forms for a Limited Liability Company . What I actually got was a one page generic . pdf file that was not editable or able to create any LLC form . I would definitely recommend any other product you can find and even if this is your only option . Do n't buy this program .
 Go to the Nevada Living Will and print the form . You will see the grave lack of quality this program has . It is riddled with spelling errors , misplaced words and problems . If something happened to you and your relatives looked at this living will , they would most likely be left just scratching their heads . This is a terrible program .
 Not worth the price . Should be about $ 9.00 . Significant is that it indicates that it provides `` Identity Theft '' and `` Credit Repair '' topics which I assumed would provide forms if that eventuality should occur . Not the case . I am assuming that is included as a video clip on one of the 3 CD 's that only contain talking heads about certain topics . CD # 1 contains the legal program with documents and the other 3 are the talking heads .
 It 's a templating software with very simple string substitution and some very poorly written , limited templates . Their legal documents do n't contain special versions with local law alterations . There are numerous errors in the template , often leading to a string not getting added into the appropriate place.It does n't provide any way to itemize entries on the forms at all as well . I wish I had a way of returning this dreck .
 First , most of the items on this disk are readily available from online sources.Second , Norton informs me that the InfoStealer virus is installed on the CD.Third , the target Delphi is VERY old.Don ' t waste your money .
 I am very disappointed with this collection of sound clips . Most are short , of low quality , and contain a lot of hiss or other noise . Many of the sounds are not isolated , as if they were lifted from a TV show and you can hear other sounds in the background . Some are not really sound effects , just someone speaking gibberish . You can only export the sounds as WAV files , and you can only export them one at a time , which makes it extremely tedious to add these sound effects to your project or your own sound organizer , like iTunes . You must keep the CD in the computer to access the sounds , which again makes it cumbersome to use . The search and play interface is terrible and very amateurish , like it was written by a high-school student on a weekend . The only positive I can say is that it does contain a wide variety of sounds .
 I purchased this item on February 17 , 2011 , and it is not the version I need . I need a newer version , but can not find it anywhere . Can anyone please help me ?!?
 If you can get this software to work , the course material is good . Unfortunately , it tends to lock your PC regularly during use - this is , if you have the patience to get the stuff installed in the first place . I had to try installation 3 times before I made it all the way through without locking up my PC .
 1 -RRB- Installation stalls on my win98 machine .2 -RRB- Drop down menu 's are terrible . The area you put your mouse over is so small , it drive you crazy.These guys need/should have done a beta test on all machines.Website support -LRB- link is broken -RRB- .
 The CD worked at first , but as you got into higher levels of the game , the sound did not work . The sound did not work when you were at a level that you needed to click on the characters and have them answer your questions .
 I bought this software , because the company does not exist anymore , so I wanted to add my karaoke songs to this one . The first thing I noticed when I opened the box is that it stinks , literally . The whole content stinks like it was use as an ashtray . The second thing is that it does not play my other karaoke that I bought from the website . Good thing it was cheap .
 Math Advantage Does n't work with Windows XP . Pagefile errors prevent program from working . Encore Software support website fixes do not work .
 When a program is listed as being for the Mac , it should work properly on the Mac . I expected it to follow the conventions of the Mac , but it appears to be a PC version that was jerry rigged to work on the Mac . Maybe PC users are used to the inconsistant behavior . I also use a PC and find it annoying that many of the programs including major applications do not adhere to the conventions of the interface.I bought KP for my grandson who will attempt to use it on a PC so I hope it works a bit better there.I bought the very first version years ago which , if I remember correctly , was written for the Mac and not the PC . I expected this version to be a significant improvement , but think that it has gone downhill instead . I seem to remember that the original text tool was `` stamp '' oriented and is now keyboard oriented which is less friendly for young children.I was very dissapointed in the operation which is very slow and clunky . The features are OK , but not great . I do not reccomend it based as much on features as on the `` Mac '' issues . * Update * I have since tried KP on a PC and it has much , much better response . On the Mac when you select a tool , you wait and wait , while on the PC it is almost instantaneous . I did find it entertaining on the PC and spent a couple hours with my grandson playing until my lap got tired.So I would probably upgrade my rating to 3 or 4 stars but only if you have a PC .
 I have n't even figured out how to download to my Mac . The Broderbund website is terrible , ca n't find correct information . No customer service , no telephone # that works . I am really frustrated . Thinking of returning product . My son will be really disappointed . I 'd rather buy him paints .
 As soon as I returned from a trip , in May 2003 , my husband surprised my son and me with the Apple Mac PowerBook G4 . I worked in education for thirteen years and loved Kid Pix for students ' use and my own . My husband bought a Kid Pix version which said on its back , `` Mac compatible for versions 9 and higher . '' That piece of information cost me a visit to our Apple Store . The software was not compatible with Mac OS X. Tough . My spanking new Mac 's logic board got fried.So , as George Harrison said in `` Help ! '' the second Richard Lester film , `` Thanks for the trip , sailor ! '' The posted information provided by Mac users who bought the wrong Kid Pix Deluxe 4 version has been very useful and I want to reinforce their alert to other Mac users.I will have to go now . I want to run to the Apple Store to get ahold of a Kid Pix . I have been deprived of my favorite drawing software since 2003 . Who would ever think the leading computer brand in the world in the education and designing , Le Royal Mac , is not supported by the leading kiddie designing software , Kid Pix . Pretty disappointing , folks .
 Amazon should be ashamed for allowing their good name to be besmearched by this mess . UNBELIEVABLLY AWFUL/AWFUL/AWFUL -LRB- notice the all caps -RRB- . Broderbund WOULD N'T even support their own product . The people that was supposed to support it said that I needed to stop all other programs from running . Then to top that , the software loaded some sort of program on my computer that I had to end up taking my computer to a technician to get the program off . DO NOT !! DO NOT !! DO NOT !! buy this mess !!!!!!!
 When I saw the announcement I got excited , and purchased it right away because I had been using the excellent Kid Pix 3X developed by MacKiev , and I thought this will be even better . Once I installed it , I was terribly dissapointed with the quality of the graphics , cursors and other user interface elements . I did some research and found out that Broderbund licenses the Kidpix title to two different companies one the maker of this version Riverdeep and the other Mackiev . Mackiev has spent quite a bit of resources developing their version and it shows in the quality of their work . If you have Mac OSX you should buy KidPix 3X available at the Mac Store . It is more expensive but in this case you definetely get what you pay for . KidPix 3X not only runs on OSX but it is integrated with the ILife applications among many other incredible features . They won a best of show award on the MacWorld 2004 for their application .
 I bought this because it is finally OS X native . Installed KPD4 in my account , but when my daughter opens KPD4 in her account , it will not save , no permission . Broderbund will not support , they redirect to encoreusa . Encoreusa has no support on their site for this product . Not covered in their knowledgebase , or forums . And they will not support by phone . No reponse to e-mails except form letters with no followup . There are permissions problems generated by this product , and they are unresolved.Just do n't buy KPD4 until it is supported .
 I bought this for my son , since it is ostensibly the same program they use in his kindergarten . Unfortunately I made the mistake of buying the electronic download version , which requires a horrid program called appstream . The first problem I have is that this appstream program is n't just for the download , it installs itself to always be running , and is required to be running to use the Kid Pix application . Further , it also must be able to connect to the internet each time you want to use the program , so it is impossible to use it on a laptop in disconnected mode . This restriction alone -LRB- which is not mentioned during the purchasing process -RRB- was enough to make me decide to return it for the `` normal '' version on a CD.But then I found that I could not even use the program . When I launch it , I find that the Kid Pix executable completely saturates the CPU on my fairly fast laptop , and takes more than 5 minutes to fully load . And when it does finally come up , it has a constant CPU load of 85-95 % for just this one executable , which makes it unusable . So I sent a simple support request to Broderbund , which was to ask them if it was a known issue , and was I likely to see the same thing with the version on CD . -LRB- In essence , asking if it was the very same program on CD . -RRB- I wo n't go into the screen resolution issue that others describe , but of course I was affected by that as well . As it was running on a laptop , changing to a non-native resolution is n't an option . This will be true for LCD monitors as well , where non-native resolutions have horrible viewability . The is presumably because this application has an archaic interface based on fixed size bitmaps , and they can neither scale their user interface nor display it in a window.What I got back was a useless response telling me to defragment my hard disk . Clearly they are n't willing to support this product . Perhaps its modest level of quality and low price point make real support not cost effective . Nonetheless , I 'm off to find a better alternative for my son . For now he can go `` old school '' and use crayons . : - -RRB- UPDATE
 It 's hard to believe that anyone selling home Windows software would n't support Windows Vista in some shape or form , but for Encore 's -LRB- Broderbund -RRB- KidPix 4 this appears to be the case . Oh it installs , but does n't run in full screen mode that allows it to be usable by any young kid like version 3 did under XP . Your only choice is to manually set your screen resolution to 800x600 and then reset it when you 're finished.An e-mail to Encore support simply stated
 I bought this for my kids . They have a 21 '' lcd monitor which normally uses a 1600x1200 resolution . Within seconds of starting the software there was huge disappointment to see a tiny little window half the size of the screen which was the drawing area . Ok , I thought you should be able to resize it like most modern windows programs . It turns out you ca n't which I find amazing . 800x600 was the standard nearly 10 years ago . Things have moved on since . Ok , you can change the monitor resolution but this is a pain for my kids to do and frankly it looks terrible - the text is almost unreadable . They should really point out that the resolution can not be changed . I would not have bought this if I had known this before hand . Very disappointed .
 All my kids -LRB- ages 3-10 -RRB- LOVED Kid Pix 3 so when I lost it in a computer mishap I was excited that there was a newer version . The newer versions are SUPPOSED to be better , ARE N'T THEY ??? Well , imagine my disgust when I installed and ran it for the first time and this little 6 inch square pops up surrounded by inches and inches of blacked out wasted screen . Version 3 filled the entire screen and everything was sized much larger and therefore easier on the eye and more exciting to work with . I did all the techie stuff . This is just version 4 ... a tiny little area with tiny little icons that nobody wants to play with now . I 'm giving this away .
 We have Kid Pix 3 and my kids -LRB- 4 & 6 -RRB- played it all the time . We just `` upgraded '' to Kid Pix 4 , and my initial experience has prompted me to write this warning.Kid Pix 4 runs in 800x600 resolution BUT it wo n't force your screen resolution to match that when it runs . Kid Pix 3 , of course , did . As we are using a LCD monitor with native resolution of 1280 x 1024 , we obviously want to keep the desktop running in this resolution . So now we are faced with 2 options
 I downloaded the CD to my computer that uses Windows XP Home edition . For some reason the text tool will not work and when I asked for technical assistance the company sent a message that there is no longer technical support for this product . Not happy !
 Kid Pix . Bad program for painting.I have dreaded this program since elementary school -LRB- we did n't have any games so we were forced to do this if we had free time . -RRB- Luckily I 'm in middle scool now and we have games that are good . Anyway the programThe badOn the computer we could n't erase with bombs or else the computer would crashthe painting is terrible
 This is just not for Mac users . It * works * , but it continually crashes under both Tiger and Leopard , Intel and PPC.I really do not have a lot of pros to add because it has been nothing but frustration , to needing to set user names that do n't always work to having to insert the game disc every time you play -LRB- which is a pain if you have multiple computers and children who are prone to lose , break things , play frisbee ... -RRB- . It is a good cheap time occupier if it works - and would be good for hand/eye coordination , plus fueling creative juices . However unless you want to work on frustration behaviors , skip this if you have a Mac .
 Lousy product -- wo n't install , NO online support . Downgraded to Kid Pix Deluxe 3 by MacKiev-easy install , plays nicely .
 Kid Pix Deluxe 4 simply will not install on OS 10.6 . Worse
 Less is very much more with this product . Knowing how many hours of fun my older children had with the original version , it is with great disappointment to see the cluttered and fussy improved version . Hardly being used . My old laptop still gets dragged outto use the original though .
 Was looking forward to upgrade from K3 to K4 but the program wo n't install properly and ca n't be accessed . To make things worse , I ca n't uninstall it either as it keeps giving me an error on the uninstall . In addition , I ca n't reinstall Kpix 3 . This was one of my son 's favorite programs and am trying to find a substitute that wo n't be beholden to the error that seems to be infecting both programs .
 I bought this for my child who uses it at school and loves it . I have a Mac Pro running the latest version of Mac OS . I installed it and it needs to run on 800x600 resolution , which is kind of silly in this day-and-age , but that works OK . What does not work is that it crashes about every 5 minutes . Pretty unworkable . Do n't bother buying this for a Mac .
 The market for Kid Pix is confused because both Broderbund and MacKiev are licensed to produce versions . I highly recommend MacKiev 's KidPix Deluxe 3X . It 's completely rewritten for OX X and has worked perfectly for me on versions 10.3 and 10.4 . For reasons I ca n't fathom , Amazon does n't offer the MacKiev product . I got mine in an Apple store . You can also order from mackiev.com .
 Mac users - Purchase Kid Pix 3 -LRB- which is nothing like the original Kid Pix 3 that came out years ago -RRB- from MacKiev dot com . Their version is elegant and beautiful!The Riverdeep version of Kid Pix 4 is nasty and freezes constantly . I am a lower school computer teacher . The Learning Company/Riverdeep/Broderbund has failed me time and time again by not updating and supporting their products for evolving OS changes . *** Once you get the product -LRB- either MacKiev or Riverdeep version -RRB- , you have to enable flash in your Quicktime preferences in order to get the stickers and animations to work .
 No support or response to questions , only 1/2 of the functions work , not a bad design but it was obviously released full of bugs . Try cosmic blobs .
 This product is not compatible with the latest Mac OS.It does not lets you installed due to permissions error.The response from technical support is as follows : This product was not tested on Mac OS X4 . Therefore we do not offer support with this operating system.Sincerely , JasonCustomer Service and Technical SupportEncore , Inc. , A Navarre Corporation Companysupport@encoresoftware.com
 I work as a tech in a school district with a Windows/Mac environment . Since we have gotten KPD4 , we have had nothing but problems . It has constantly frozen or buttons have not worked on both operating systems from day one . There was a patch that fixed the missing button functionality for both sides . However , still on the macs to this day -- they still freeze . I have called tech support , they just keep referring me to their support site , which I had already read through with no improvement . There will be up to 35 kids at a time , from kindergarten-3rd using this so you can imagine how frustrating it is to have the kids work creating something - only to have it freeze on the eraser causing me to force quit the application and lose their work.I definitely would not recommend this edition .
 According to Learning Company , Kid Pix Deluxe 4 in incompatible with Quicktime 7 on Mac OSX . The Rubber Stamp functions do not work . Not recommended for Tiger or Leopard .
 The animation does not work on this product . So , my granddaughter has not been able to use it.Kid Pix Deluxe 3
 I purchased this product without reading these reviews . I called the manufacturer and they insist that is does n't work properly on an Intel Mac or any version of Mac OS above 10.5.5 . Their website is horrible as is their phone support . I would never buy a product from Encore Software again.I have since bought the MacKiev version . I highly recommend it to anyone with a Mac . It is even Snow Leopard compatible !
 If you liked version 3 , you better keep it . The screen resolution problem with version 4 is flat out in-excusable since the earlier v3 did not share the same issue . This should be a simple programming 101 line of code . Shame on Broderbund for not at least keeping the basic interface , the ` exit ' door is gone , the first thing my grandkids did was look for the old familiar GUI , its gone ! Now only a ridiculously small play area and a pathetic menu bar at the top that only confuses them . A word of advise to you application guys , if you are going to ` update ' or ` improve ' something , make sure you are not destroying the very thing that made the product such a success early on , add the features but leave the stuff that worked alone ! DO N'T BUY THIS !!!!
 We can not download the software into our computer . According to the information that came with it , for Technical Support we need to go to the support website - we did . It gave us 2 options , find info on our problem in the `` forum '' , or send them a message . I could n't find problem in the forum , so I sent a message . We never recieved a reply -LRB- it asked for both my e-mail & phone number -RRB- . After a few weeks , I tried to call the customer service number to complain about the technical support , and I get a message saying I will probably be holding for 30 minutes ! I did not hold that long . I have tried to send another message , but now I can not find where I sent the first message . I do n't know if they got rid of that option , or I just ca n't find it again . We were able to successfully download it on my husband 's work laptop , but he is rarely able to bring that home , so we have only only used the software one time . Bottom line is my 8 year old wanted this very badly -LRB- has it at her school -RRB- , and paid for it with her own birthay money several months ago , and can not even use it!I do n't consider this an Amazon problem - love Amazon . But I recommend staying away from anything made be Encore !!
 Program came with a bug and would not install properly -LRB- DirectX . cab problem -RRB- . Will have to return it . Very disappointing to my 6 year old and irratating to me . Uses an old version of Quicktime and asks you to uninstall your newer version in order to install the old version . Too bad b/c my daughter really likes using it at school .
 Mac users - Purchase Kid Pix 3 -LRB- which is nothing like the original Kid Pix 3 that came out years ago -RRB- from MacKiev dot com . Their version is elegant and beautiful!The Riverdeep version of Kid Pix 4 is nasty and freezes constantly . *** Once you get the product -LRB- either MacKiev or Riverdeep version -RRB- , you have to enable flash in your Quicktime preferences in order to get the stickers and animations to work .
 The Kid Pix CD arrived very quickly -LRB- without the case -RRB- but it will not load on Windows XP or Vista . I contacted the seller who quickly emailed me back with some things I could try to get it to get it to load but it still wo n't on any of our various computers / laptops . Left kids unhappy .
 Sorry to say , this software will not run in perfectly good computers neither in Windows 7 nor XP . My experience is that this version of Zoombinis is useless and my money -LRB- no big deal -RRB- was wasted . For the record , the old version of Zoombinis presently runs smoothly in all Windows versions , and as the game is so good we wanted to explore another edition . Small mistake .
 I purchased three programs from CDROMUSA . Two of them worked , but Animal Kids did n't . I had previously had this CD , but it broke . Returning something to them is a nightmare . They require so much , it 's almost impossible to have the disc replaced . I will never buy from them again .
 After installing Via Voice 10 -LRB- Standard Edition -RRB- , I discovered that it would n't launch . I kept getting an error message stating that the TCP/IP protocol was unavailable . I sent an email to IBM 's tech support and received a prompt , detailed reply . It turns out that ViaVoice 10 -LRB- in all editions -RRB- is incompatible with most firewalls , including ZoneAlarm and Ontrack System Suite.The ZoneAlarm fix is a fairly complicated workaround . For Ontrack , there is no fix except to completely uninstall System Suite -LRB- disabling it wo n't help -RRB- . Well , I like Ontrack System Suite and use it a lot , so I was n't going to give it up . Instead , I returned ViaVoice 10 . By the way , ViaVoice 10 also caused Microsoft Word 97 to freeze whenever I tried to open it . I 'm not sure why.Bottom line
 Picked this up at -LSB- a local store -RSB- , and to my horror , it does not support win 2k or XP pro . It DOES say this on the side of the box , so it 's not a total rip off , but still - they say ` for windows ' everywhere and only in the small type do they point this out . They DO support XP home ; just not XP pro , or win 2k pro.I do n't know how to get around this ; the more advanced versions of the software support the ` pro ' editions !
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 At first this software seems so cool . I was excited to be able to drag and drop my images onto a timeline and then add narration . Unfortunately this software comes with many bugs.First , if you choose a file name and location for the audio files you record , the software ignores them and uses its own name and location . Second when I tried to type a name for an audio file , every time I hit the 'N' key it started recording which was n't what I wanted to do . I had to avoid using an 'N' in the filename which the software ignored anyway . These were just two of the more irritating bugs.Additionally claimed functionality is difficult to figure out . The help menu and documentation are so basic they are useless . I found as much help just reading the box it came in.I went to the Magix website and found a patch for this software . I thought great , this should solve at least some of my issues . Not to be ... the patch install actually has a bug which prevents the patch from being installed.If you want this type of software I would look elsewhere . Also , one hint ; if you want to play your creations on a DVD player and you want to burn them on CD , make sure your DVD player can use VCD and/or SVCD . Mine does n't so I could n't view them on my TV which was what I orriginally wanted .
 At first glance this software looks easy to use
 This program is so full of bugs it 's extremely frustating to use . Examples : In addition to an upgrade , a separate CD burner patch is required to be downloaded to get a list of supported drives , with note that if your drive is not listed and not brand new , you 're out of luck.If you try to use the playback option while recording audio , i.e. , dubbing your voice onto the track while watching the video as you record , you get a soundcard conflict . The only way to dub narration is to turn off the playback option so you ca n't see whats playing as you speak.There are no options for volume , background music is too loud to hear narration.In storyboard mode , the cursor sometimes gets out of sync with the preview , so you do n't really know what clip you have selected.Image editing gets mixed up , if you rotate an image , the next time you select it , it may preview rotated or not.Rotated images used in the DVD menu do n't retain the rotation.The built in file explorer is difficult to navigate . If you open a directory containing MPG 's , the explorer tries to scan through the entire file before displaying the file names . Gigabyte size files take forever.If you listen/preview a music file with media player -LRB- external to this program -RRB- , the program errors and terminates when you return to it , due to some soundcard driver conflict.When you click around enough to get a music file selected in the file explorer to play/preview in this program , it sometimes goes into this buzzing mode , then inserts the music file into your project.Sometimes when you select and drag a music file into your program , the built in windows file explorer jumps to the top of itself and imports a different file than what you selected .
 I was very dissapointed in this software . You can only aquire pictures from a digital camera or a scanner.I have several folders of pictures on my PC hard drive and I ca n't down load them into this program . 5 emails to Magix about this problem and so far they asked me to send them some of my pictures to look at '' ? '' . In there return emails not one gave me a way to down load from my hard drive . This would be a great program except for this one problem .
 After my recent vacation , I was excited to find this program and to share copies of my digital pictures with friends and family who could watch them on their TVs . The program had some nice features and seemed easy to use . Unfortunately , I spent too much time putting my slideshow together without testing the end result first . The pictures I took were high resolution -LRB- 1200x1600 -RRB- but the resulting quality when watching the CD on my TV was very poor .
 I wish I had checked these reviews before I actually bought it . At first , the product seems easy to use . But adding music and aligning it with the photos is the first trouble . I have approximately 100 pictures in the slide show , which should not be too much for a video that I want to play on TV , but the software gets awfully slow . Saving the show resulted in an error message with a couple of hours of work lost.I thought Magix was a brand name that I can trust . Be careful before you buy it !
 The videos provided for the signs are very difficult to comprehend . I am taking an introductory american sign language class at a community college , and I got this to help me practice , but the signs do not correspond with what I am learning in class . I do not recommend this to someone who is serious about learning this language .
 I 've loved playing Risk for decades . It 's one of my favorite game-playing memories from my `` formative years '' . This particular game looks good , has some interesting options , and has n't crashed on me yet . That being said , I will never play it again.It 's absolutely infuriating to play this game because the AI is so , SO godawful . Utilizing `` strategy '' that calls for habitually stopping short of the border of another player 's continent when the other opponent has only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- army on the border , the upshot is that some players are allowed to hold continents and continue to build extra armies , all for lack of one simple die roll . After a few repetitions of this beginner 's mistake , very quickly this game descends into a contest of which opponent plays more stupidly than the other.It 's almost as if the players had an ongoing silent peace treaty - such treaties are part of the game , of course , but when such passivity occurs every single time then after a while it becomes clear that this is just a programming shortcoming . In the several games I 've played so far , I 've entered into several treaties and the average length of time that transpires before the other player breaks the treaty is 2 turns . So it seems unlikely that one can blame the passive approach on `` contractual agreements '' . Also , armies are left in small groups of 3 or 4 on countries in the interior of continents - countries that will never see any action - instead of being concentrated on the borders where they 're needed . This is a mistake typical of a 9-year-old , and players who make decisions like this are easy to beat in a game with a small number of opponents . But when multiple players are in action they make so many bad decisions that the effect is that they may as well be teaming up against you.Nothing that a smart player can do can overcome the collective stupidity of the other players . By failing to make common sense moves they give so much advantage to everyone else that they make it virtually impossible for the reasonably skilled player to win.I appreciate that this is n't chess , but there 's very little reward competing in a game that 's so poorly designed.Anyone want my copy of Risk 2 ? I 'll let it go for 49 cents .
 I have a dell with an i5 core and the game will not play on my computer . a waste of 20 bucks
 I love this game in any version , on the board it takes too long though , so got the PC version which is great on a big screen with some friends or family . Now when nobody is home and you try to play against computer players - just forget it , there is no AI involved there , you 'll be the only one thinking about strategy . Although they post that the generals have different strategies and behaviors - they just blindly fight towards their own missions with little aim and sense and no care for the rest of the board . Most of the games you will win within 5 turns or so , it 's just boring , even maddening how stupid the AI players behave . Had the first PC version of the game back in the 90s - that was much better ...
 Does this product work with Windows 7 or Windows Vista ? My understanding is that it will not work on anything newer than XP .
 This is an easy to use program , but watch out for the bugs . The most serious problem is that if you save a score as a MIDI file , all the repeat & end signs that you may have put in the score disappear . There is another peculiar problem with the program
 I have n't been able to use it because the manual is garbage . I contacted them , with no reply . It is a waste of money if you ca n't figure out how to use it !
 Granted , I did n't pay a lot for this software , but I have found it very , very time-consuming to use . It is next to impossible to undo a mistake . In fact , if you make a mistake , you often have to simply delete your entire work and start over . Very poor software documentation as well . Wish it was better ... but , I 'm going back to just using blank staff paper !
 The program looks good , is easy to add notation and setup score once you know what you 're doing . The most serious warning I have is you can lose A LOT of time and effort with this program . The `` redraw '' painter button -LRB- or F5 -RRB- are absolutely not help to fixing the repeated crashes I 've experience with this program . After putting in just 20 measures of a new score , measure 5 developed some sort of bug that makes the entire program crashes if you attempt to make `` ANY '' change to the measure . There are no instructions as to how to fix a corruption in an individual measure and attempting to erase the measure in no good because , once again , anything you do will crash the program.I 'm not even certain I want to start over , and I had such great hopes for this program when I started ; my advice is to seek out a more reliably stable program !
 Poor documentation . Clumsy to use on some of the finer points of music notation . I 've lost file after file during the middle of notating music due to buggy programming corrupting the file while trying to fix musical mistakes . I guess you get what you pay for . I 'm going elsewhere and will pay for a more sophisticated program this time .
 I got this demo program included with my Yamaha digital piano . I 'm certainly not going to upgrade.The user manual so called help file is very small . The web page is worse.Their web site does n't have ANY information about this product at all . In fact there is only 1 archive file from September 2011 which talks about microphones.For example , I just wanted to see the melody harmony part on the screen while I played . But all instruments display starting with drums , piano , guitar , strings , soloist , melody harmony etc. in that order . In other words , you ca n't just see the melody harmony unless you scroll . When the song goes to a new screen , you have to scroll again . You can eliminate parts from showing but that also kills that part from the song.Get Band-in-a-box which is much more flexible .
 The box boasts that this CD-ROM contains `` 240,000 words , phrases , and definitions '' . And since it also boasts that the content derives from the big-daddy 20-volume Oxford English Dictionary , the lexophilic consumer imagines that he 'll be getting all the current vocabulary , minus the juicy citations but crisply defined , for only 20 smackers . Hah ! as Mrs. Krabappel would say.Oh , the 240,000 items are in there all right . Very up-to-date too . It has `` HTML '' for example . BUT IT IS N'T DEFINED !!! -LSB- Shouting intentional -RSB- That 's right ! It 's just sitting there in the word list without the slightest indication of what the four letters stand for - let alone what Hypertext Markup Language * is * . If you go to look it up , the definition area will show `` HTML '' and lots of empty space . Pretty bloody useless , eh , Nigel?Once you open the software -LRB- rendering it unreturnable -RRB- , the help file mumbles something about there being only 65,000 actual * entries * . With fading hopes that he has n't flushed his -LSB- money -RSB- down the toilet , the consumer flips randomly through the word list to see what else they did n't manage to find room for . How about `` hertz '' ? Oh , it will tantalize you with the information with the word derives from the 19th century German physicist H.R. Hertz . * But it does n't define the word * ! Excuse me , but what is the freaking point of knowing a word 's derivation if I do n't know what the hell it means ? Or how about the entry for `` tangram '' ? No definition there either , but the derivation is `` Origin C19
 Title tells all . Even SF wo n't answer the question , other than to hem and haw about how to `` disable the plugins and bring them back online one by one '' . Not explained is how to `` disable the plugins and bring them back online one by one . '' But , then why would I be surprised , since SF appears to have be ` downsized ' after ` buyout ' .
 I was initially impressed with the Oxford Spanish dictionary and it 's TSR-based `` i-finger '' software , it has a hefty dictionary and lot 's of regional variations of the use of Spanish . The big downer was that it bombed on me after a year of use , I bought the 2002 Oxford Spanish CD sometime ago , and apparently it has some kind of automatic time-bomb built into its code , it will no longer install after a pre-determined amount of time has expired on the computer , i.e. , the registration code will not work anymore and it wo n't install . I used it on WindowsXP and found this out . It 's their trick to get you to `` upgrade '' to the new version.I have an old but excellent Spanish-English dictionary at home , in book form , and there is no reason why a CD ca n't remain the same after years of use . Obviously the greed factor has deterred the authors of this software from making this work for the rest of us . Buy it for cheap , but be forewarned !
 I have iFinger 3.0 which I downloaded after purchase . But when I downloaded the vista 64 version of ifinger , my dictionary now says expired when I tried to re-install it on the new computer . They have refused to comment on this and I am not going to buy another dictionary from them .
 The product is fuctionary awkward , not very good . But worse yet , if you try to download it a second time , it wo n't work . It did not work when I tried to re-install it after my computer crashed . Also , somehow , the CD stops functioning after you have it a while , which appears to be planned by the company .
 THis dictionary is horrible for everything . THis is why :1 -RRB- Lack of translations2 -RRB- Incorrect translations - especially legal3 -RRB- Annoying pop up window that loves to bother you when writting e-mails4 -RRB- Inconvient - no application with Office or even the hot keys5 -RRB- Retarded license management - like anyone would like to pirate their dumb programEven free this product is n't worth it
 This software would not load on my operating system -LRB- Windows ME -RRB- and is no longer supported by anyone !! There is no recourse or upgrade available -LRB- I tried ! -RRB- - proceed with caution as this purchase was a complete waste for me .
 This SQL Server based software is too complicated to run on most PC 's . The SQL Server kept failing to startup and connect , yet it is too complicated for the inexperienced user to fix . Google `` SQL Server Startup problems '' . Yet THERE IS NO SUPPORT from Domin-8 , ZERO ! Phone calls all answered by a machine , no returned calls , no response via email , NOTHING ! I lost all of my business data , two years of tranactions , because even though it was regulary backed up , the software would not run anymore so I could not retrieve it . I eventualy had to purchase another software package and reconstruct everything . Never , Never , purchase software that utilizes a SQL Server if you do not have reliable IT support .
 I have used the Rent Right program for 11 years , having upgrading the software from time to time as the company offered updated versions . The software is a bit quirky but I had gotten used to it.Recently , I was shocked when when I went to enter my rent receipts for the month . Without warning Rent Right had frozen my program , leaving a message that they would not unfreeze it unless I ordered their latest version . To me this is no more than blackmail . I will not continue with a company that acts so unethically.I manually handled my rent receipts and sought out other software . I was able to view my data in the frozen Rent Right program but not print it . I had to laboriously hand copy the data so I could reenter it in my new software.Is Rent Right using such tactics because it 's struggling to survive ? I do n't know . I would have upgraded if they had asked . But , because of their shady behavior , they have lost my business !
 I have called them and e-mailed them . They just ignore me.Very telling .
 This program has some advantages , such as being able to manage several companies at once , which some other programs lack . However , I am about ready to throw the computer out the window sometimes . This program is full of bugs and requires some very delicate handling . Do n't enter payments too fast , or they just wo n't register . Sometimes dates must be fooled around with before it will let you do ANYTHING . It 's the weirdest software I have ever worked with . Also , support is nonexistent . When our IT guys have to come over to switch out new computers or whatnot , they are perplexed by this program and say it `` must have been written by some guy in his basement . '' It does some really strange stuff that is very frustrating . Running a simple report will take , no joke , like 20 minutes to generate , and in the meantime you ca n't even touch the computer or dare to multitask -LRB- and these are new computers we 're talking about . -RRB- This program may have been state-of-the-art in 1997 , but now ... . We are actively looking for a better rental management software .
 Rent-right company is no longer in business . Software ca n't be activated or updated . There is no technical support from the company that took over rentright domain name .
 I think I could have a more exciting game of chess if I played myself in a game .
 I was very excited to get the Digi Mbox , as I needed a stable , high quality digital recording solution . And it worked great for the first few days , until I upgraded my Mac to Tiger , and their software stopped working . No problem I 'll download an updater . BUT NO !! They CHARGE for this upgrade.The quality of the hardware is not impressive either , the mic preamps are noisy , you ca n't have a mic and stereo line inputs at the same time because they 're both on the same jack -LRB- even though there is a front panel switch to select between the 2 inputs -RRB- . I should have just bought the Maudio product .
 I ended up with 2 copies of this CD and neither would work on my very new computer . I took one to the company that built my computer and it would n't work on either their work computer or the computer tech 's home computer . Actually , most of it works , but the videos of dinosaurs sound like a skipping record and the audio is unintelligible . Anyhow , I contacted the company that puts these out and they acted like they had never heard of the problem before and had not solutions except that my computer -LRB- and apparently the two other computers that tried to play this CD -RRB- were somehow faulty . This would have been a good purchase if it had worked correctly .
 Sorry guys I know it is mean to say so , however , this is what I felt . This software always returns `` error '' when I finish entering my info , not respond when I search for companies , let alone the poor design of its info entry form . So if you are busy looking for a job , do not waste your time on this software . It does not help .
 After reading the reviews , I was excited to purchase this CD for my 1st grader . It has been a big disappointment . I expected a variety of games and activities , but it 's pretty much just one thing -LRB- addition or subtraction drills -RRB- in one format -LRB- the equation appears on the screen and the child types in the answer -RRB- . No variation , except the `` reward '' after completing a series of problems might be a rocket ship one time and fireworks the next . You can get similar drills for free on the math-u-see website . Just go there - no need to spend money on this !
 I wanted to love this product , and it would have been perfect except for one big problem
 We tried this CD in two computers and it managed to freeze both of them , several times . My son -LRB- 9 -RRB- was extremely frustrated .
 I remember seeing this , but I guess I never learned cuz I have no recollection of ever using this product ... I gave it one star cuz I never learned how to play guitar . It 's easier to blame the computer program for my failure ! : P
 this product was cheap for a reason it did not load and i found out that the disk was blank . Good thing it was only $ 0.98 next time I will know really cheap means not good !!!!
 I 'd like to review this item but can not make it work in my computer - using Windows XP or whatever , that new program that sucks . Give us back Windows 98 Bill Gates !!!!! The seller did not send the case therefore I have no customer service information , I can not call the maker to get information about how to set my computer to make it work ... a little bit frustrating .
 I have two dell computers and an HP and this program will not load on any of them .
 I tried several times to install this game on my Dell . I paid about $ 12.00 for this game . My kids were very disappointed because they really wanted this game .
 I would love to review this product but there seems to be no way to install it . Consider that my husband is an engineer , and we have a brand new computer with all the bells and whistles . Very , very disappointing , specially for the kids .
 I bought this for my son a couple years ago , thinking he could get a head start on geography . The only problem is that we do n't have the proper sound files for this program on either of our Dell computers . It states on the box even , without the proper sound files , it wo n't work . I did n't see those requirments when I bought this item , so I would recommend looking more into computer games before buying them online . I 've found that often times , valid information is missing .
 This product does not offer any real information in recognizing states by shape or placement in the country . I found the information it offered to be ineffective to learning the geography of this country .
 I have a new HP computer . Loaded the game and it says the necessary sound card/program is not on the computer - but it is ! Needless to say , the program will not run .
 I spent a lot of time searching through reviews to make sure I was n't going to end up with software that had problems . Gee , have had this , and have n't been able to use it yet . Tried to access the web site that the problem shooting gives ... that did n't get me anywhere . I finally had to contact my computer company to see if they knew what the problem was . Sure , I have to go buy something new just to play this software . I wo n't buy anything else online . If I ca n't take it back to a store , I do n't believe I want it . First time to buy online , and my last !
 had expectations of pictures with sound and habits of birds
 I was so excited to get this four pack of games for my 3 year old son . We have the Reader Rabbit Toddler game and he has outgrown it , so i was excited to give him something new to challenge him and move him closer to being able to read . Unfortunately , we ended up returning this item for a full refund on the same day that we received it.We have Windows 7 ... these games were created a long time ago and are not compatible with our current operating system . My husband is extremely computer savvy , builds our computers from parts and does some programming . He could not even get two of these games run properly.The one game that we WERE able to install and run was the Reader Rabbit game . I played Reader Rabbit as a kid myself , and as i 've mentioned , my son already has played the Toddler version and loved it . So i was shocked at how awful this Reade Rabbit is . The interface is horrible , it takes a LOT of clicking and waiting , clicking and waiting to even get to the games , and the `` paths '' to the games are not intuitive enough for my son to do on his own , meaning i have to stand over his shoulder the whole time . Once you DO get to the games most of them are either not fun or too difficult to figure out . I was sitting right there with him and i had trouble understanding some of the games , so how is my 3-year-old supposed to ?? I actually have several other complaints about this product , but i think i 've made my point . DO NOT waste your time or money on this package deal - you get what you pay for , so if $ 12 for 4 games seems too good to be true ... . IT IS !
 Complete waste of money . I purchased my copy at Wal-Mart but wanted to warn others before they made the same mistake I did . The graphics and templates they use on the package to lure you in are nice and tasteful . The actaul program is SO not like that . The graphics are down right cheesy , and low budget . Having only paid $ 9 for this program , I feel like I was completely ripped off . I 'll for sure be calling the company and asking for a refund . 1 star seems like too many to give this awful item !
 This software is a waste of money to say the least . The templates on this software are terrible and ugly . You are lucky if you have five good templates to choose from . If you are looking for something quick and easy to use this is not it.You have to format everything . Please do n't make the same mistake I made . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I brought the software beleiving that it would help me with my scrapbooking . It has very limited graphics and templates to workwith . I would not recomend this software package . Also the journaling sucks as well . Even when you start a product from scratch the software is n't user friendly with very little guidence . As stated before 1 star is to much .
 Installs fine -LRB- Disk 1 -RRB- , but you need to run in 98/Me compatibility mode otherwise the shortcut can not find the CD ROM.I tried to install on the kids machine and encountered errors . Set screen resolution to 640 by 480 and changed color depth to 256 . Finally saw programs graphics but still encountered errors ...
 After reading reviews all over the internet , I was shocked to learn that Discovering Egypt was not compatible with XP - even though MANY sellers list it as being compatible ! After searching more , I came across a review on another website where the person noted that the manufacturer 's website even says it is n't compatible with XP ... so , of course , I went to the manufacturer 's website , and sure enough - IT 'S NOT COMPATIBLE WITH XP . The manufacturer , `` TOPICS '' , even has a note on their website under `` Known Issues '' with Discovering Egypt that says
 I was looking for software to install on my laptop to lighten my load while taking classes and provide more power in researching and studying . My laptop has an external CD drive , and the software could not be effectively installed on the hard drive despite various attempts . When it was working , the interface was primitive and the selection of Bibles very limited - it has quite a few versions , but few that are regularly used . NIV was even missing . Personally , I would not download a free version of this software , and would definitely not purchase it .
 I could not get it to download onto my computor no matter what I tried .
 Though not completely useless , this item has done little to improve my cooking . I like how the technology allows you to change the proportion of your measurements . However , I do n't like the recipes and the look and feel of the product is quite dated .
 The first CD - Talk Now ! - was nice for learning some basic vocabulary items and expressions . It 's good to know before you buy it that you get nothing but vocabulary , no grammar at all . The second CD surprised me because I imagined it would be more of the same , but you ca n't use the second CD UNLESS YOU ALREADY KNOW ARABIC ! That struck me as bizarre , since I expected the second to build on the first . But they were miles apart in level .
 I bought this program not expecting much because of the low price and my expectations were correct . This program seems to be designed for a person who wants to learn a few Arabic terms that would be useful a couple weeks before traveling to an Arab country . It is definitely not a serious student of the language especially because it does not even use the Arabic script ! It just transliterates Arabic words into Roman script .
 Mac users be warned
 This DVD is out of range for most individuals becase the software needed to run it is way too old . This DVD runs off of Windows 95 . Who on earth still uses this ? It ca n't even be run on a MAC .
 it 's ok for VERY basic Arabic , animation is awful , and does not keep interest long . But I guess for the price it 's not too bad .
 This is not immersion . It is a series of games in Hebrew . The games will teach you vocabulary , but it will not teach grammar nor will it help you make sentences.On the positive side , I did find the games were useful in getting down vocabulary that I had a hard time memorizing . The other good thing about the CD is that there is no English .
 I was very disappointed in this title . There are better free programs online than this one . In my opinion do n't waste your money . If you want a serious Hebrew program you should be searching titles available from Judaism websites . They may cost more but you are getting what you pay for .
 The product says it is compatible with Windows Vista but it will not load on Vista Home Premium . When I contacted the manufacturer , Broderbund , they handed me off to Encore , and Encore said it is not compatible and gave me an address to return it to for a refund . You pay the postage , of course .
 I have used ACT ! and Qbooks for years . I needed an upgrade to ACT ! but received very poor reviews for ACT ! 6.0 . Intuit always gives a quality product so I bought This Customer Manager.The advertising makes it sound so powerful but I can not find much to do with it . It is like Intuit sold a shell they were developing to recapture development costs.Its kind of funny in a sick sort of way . . but I ca n't find much functionality in this product at all . It really does n't do anything except list your customers and ... nothing !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- But the really major problem is that it now hoses my computer any time I launch the software . I have uninstalled and reinstalled . The problem gets worse and worse . At this point , I have not used Customer Manager in over a month because of the lock-ups , yet I still have data tied up in there that I ca n't even get to . I 've tried three times just today to launch Customer Manager to get ONE customer record I need , and I 've had to power down my computer just to get out of the lock up . It is a horrible program . I ca n't believe Quickbooks would put their name on something this bad.And would n't it figure that my problems started approximately 75 days after I bought it , just outside the 60-day money back guarantee offer from Quickbooks .
 Wow ... . The promotional literature for this product was great . I bought it and spent hours setting up my data and was all set to use it . Turns out it ca n't even perform the most basic functions of customer management - a mail merge or labels ! There is a really cool feature that let 's you e-mail directly from the database but turns out you can only e-mail one customer at a time . This may have been good for the stone ages but not for someone who needs to maximize time . Something as simple as a meeting confirmation to 10 people is very painful . I also spent 11/2 hours on the phone with support and a $ 75 charge for them to tell me that they do n't support these features . Scary . Maybe by about version 5 they 'll consult with real customer managers first .
 Yikes ! I 'm a lover of Intuit 's other software , so was exceited to use this program . I 've been using the product for about 4 days and have already run across 3 HUGE errors -- the product experienced a write error to my database file and locked me out of the entire program ! That 's right , I tried to re-launch the program and it gave a cryptic Java error message and dumped out.Ok , so that 's a hard issue . But they did n't even catch the small ones ... try to delete more then one customer group at a time , and it only deletes the first one . The most basic of testing would have caught this ... I 'm a software developer , for whatever that 's worth , so I know not to come down too hard to early on new products . But this one 's insane . I 'm going to try and get my money back .
 The feature which allows one to sync between different running versions of Customer Manager is cumbersome and full of bugs . The software uses a ` sync depot ' to share information . Each copy of Customer Manager shares any changes it made with the ` sync depot . ' Each other version then receives any changes from the sync depot and sends its own changes back to the sync depot . Each sync must be initated manually , and it is a bit slow . Customer contact information often get corrupted via this sync depot , usually resulting in Customer Manager crashing . According to Intuit Customer Service , they are still working out the bugs in the sync system , and a new release wo n't be out until next year.Customer Manager also allows you to keep track of ` projects . ' However , it would be nice if these projects were imported from Quickbooks ' Jobs list . Instead , one is left with double the work of typing project information.There are many other quirks with this particular software , but they are too many to list here.The idea behind this software has a lot of potential -LRB- i.e. sharing information with Quicbooks -RRB- . However , it seems more like a beta release , and the programmers at Intuit have a lot more work ahead of them . I would steer clear of this one for now .
 The product is available with a coupon for $ 20 off from Office Depot , but they do n't see since it says discontinued . Could that be because it is filled with problems that need to be worked out including that it did n't work past 12/31/20043 ??? Sounds like the old y2k problems except it is n't 2000 anymore !
 This product has great potential but nothing more.It 's basic to say the least and while the project management and notes-keeping capabilities are useful if you do n't want something at the other end of the scale like Act ! or Maximizer , it 's probably going to serve your needs if you 're running an even moderately busy business.I bought Customer Manager because I found everything else I tried -LRB- see above -RRB- to be overkill and frankly cumbersome . Customer Manager seemed to be -LRB- from the product information on Intuit 's site -RRB- exactly what I was looking for , a lightweight contacts database with the awesome bonus of synchronising with Quickbooks.The reality is that the database leaves much to be desired as far as organising contacts and my version of Quickbooks Pro 2003 does NOT synchronise with it because it 's the Canadian version . Intuit 's Web Site still does not specify that only the US versions of Quickbooks are compatible and I have never even had the courtesy of a reply from Intuit about it , despite three very polite requests for an update .
 Have used this product for over a year now and it is absolutely the worst program I have ever used . Very slow to load , at least 1-2 minutes . Offers lot 's of different options , which could be useful , if it did n't take so long to get to the information . The word Bug is not strong enough for this program . All form and no function . After I bought the program and tried to load it in another computer , the disk indicates it was a trail version ... another 2 hours on the phone with customer service . Intuit definitely lost it on this one .
 Office depot and Staples will not sell me quickbooks customer manager . They have them on the shelf but it will not register at the checkout.The staples register said-DO NOT SELL !!! What has happend?I can order the software from Amazon but I am concerned that there maybe a problem with the software . Is there a problem ? 2/8/04
 The product has yet to show up . No one , from this outside vendor , and Amazon could/would give me straight answers . No tracking information provided , the ` manager ' or some random teen from this outside vendor , used caps in the email , saying he did not have to tell me anything about his company , when I asked what was going on , where is my item , what is the tracking number , what is your phone number ? Absolutley nothing . Any legite company would give correct , contact information , if anything a tracking number . Emails as the only contact , is bogus . That is not customer service . This mysterious individual claims it 's on its way . It 's now a week late . And still , NO tracking information . I am not expecting anything grand . I am far from being impressed now . With my luck , it 's a piece of crap . Used or not , the service is horrible , will never go through them again .
 The program installed easily and had nice graphics . But I felt the games were too focused upon earning `` points '' and pushed the child to finish one task and go onto the next . Make sure your child has advanced mouse skills because some of the games are quite difficult , even at level 1 .
 Wish I had looked more closely at the product specs . The PC version requires Quicktime 5 installation which , in turn , requires web access -LRB- control -RRB- . There was no getting past the last installation screen that requires ALL of Quicktime or none at all . I do n't want or need more bloat on my computer . I 've had no end of conflicts and trouble with Quicktime in the past and not willing to risk it now .
 We bought the game before the new computer , and it will not load . This was a big dissapointment for our little one because he wanted to play games .
 One of the `` lessons '' requires you to put the words of a sentence in order and speak it out loud . However good this concept appears the application is awful . Imagine saying the words in the correct order but the program does n't recognize the sentence , instead showing you what is incorrect but apparently uncorrectable.The second biggest problem is that the dictionary/translation tool rarely works when needed . Leaving you to guess instead of discover what a word or sentence means or the context it is being used in . There is no option to translate entire sentences.The grammar tool often gives a different explanation than the one sought . How many times I have seen the explanation that sometimes pronouns are capitalized for emphasis when I needed to know a conjugation or something else is ridiculously high.The CD 's are OK but definitely not stand alone . Without seeing the stuff spelled out you are n't really learning the language.All that being said there are some good features to this program . Multiple learning modes make for easy dynamic review and help keep interest up . However better to take a class at your local college or hire a tutor than use any software .
 If you want to design your house , deck or landscape you get some features to do so , but save your money if you want a food garden designed . That is vegetable/fruit garden . Very limited features . This CD set of two is not for food garden !!! Cheap , yes ; you get what you pay for .
 Purchased in Aug 2005 - CDs and documentation claim support for XP - installed , but wo n't launch ; when you to the IMSI webpage for support - this does n't show as a product supported - so I assume it is discontinued ? Ca n't recommend .
 Usually good about reading reviews to select good products , but I must have really , really missed the boat on this one . I do n't remember seeing the bad reviews posted . Should not have bought this IMSI Garden & Deck Floor Plan 3D Version 6 program , even at the ` cheaper ' price.Maybe product was good for `` out-of-the-box '' designing landscape or deck as easy -LSB- sic -RSB- as 1-2-3 , but not in 2011 on my WINXP Sp3 desktop . First , was not asked for 2nd CD installation . Second , copied entire contents of the SGPS CD from the installation menu option , but immediately ran into `` Quicktime not loaded You may load the program but can not view movies '' -LRB- or some such message -RRB- error , followed by request for files I could not locate on the appropriate hard drive location or on the original 2nd CD . When I re-installed to run program from CD and tried to load the Quicktime installation on the CD ... I might have guessed it , my installed version is newer & CD installation of Quicktime could not proceed ! Other problems noted continued.Went back to the Floor Plan 3D installation , and discovered no links active for `` Products , Homeplans , Community , Support , or Links '' . Of course , I should have expected and known this had I paid attention to this being a 2003 product -LRB- Version 6 -RRB- and there now being a Version 15 or so available . Discovered the outdated -LRB- with no more support -RRB- program when I finally managed to find a relatively good IMSI website , not the one to which links attempt to navigate , to explore for possible support for this product ; there was none -- at least none that I could locate.Might as well have bought this product at a estate sale some 20 miles up and off a mountain road way back in the boondocks , except I suspect those folks would have had the decency not to tout it as a wonderfully usable program on Amazon.com . It does , however , have functioning features which graphics designers might readily learn to use to plan landscapes or decks -LRB- I think -RRB- ... but not a duphus like me !
 I 'm old school , as in trained on mutlitrack tape recording live classical & acoustic performances . While this software is great for the techno-geek with electronica in every corner of the studio , this is not user friendly , has poor edit functions , and has a built-in `` auto-shutdown '' mechanisim that 's a real pain in the you-know-what . When trying to edit pre-recorded performances - ie , from analog tape or digital sources , I can not find any instructions on mixing , editing , and combining tracks into a seamless finished recording . The instructions are written for metered , digital loops , not continuous playing tracks.So , in all , if you record and mix/master `` loops '' and little songs , this software is excellent . But , if you 're working with a piano concerto , I 'd rethink purchasing this product .
 I regret spending the money for the `` upgrade '' from 10.5 . PcA 11 no longer shows time remaining for file transfer , nor does it show transfer speed . It hangs , giving a `` Can not create directory '' message for no discernable reason , where there was no problem with 10.5 If 11 has some advantages , I find nothing that does me any good . It has a different interface , but I do n't see that as either better or worse . I 'm going to remove it and go back to 10.5 .
 There is a definite downturn with this new release - screen draws are noticeably slower and simply starting the application takes longer . The new interface has the task-based side bar found in newer applications , but it adds no benefit while robbing me of valuable screen space - the old toolbar at the top was much better . I applaud Symantec 's fixing odd behaviors -LRB- non-invasive , such as strange ` quick ' popups to handle internal routines , etc -RRB- , and I appreciate their attempt at making the user experience more consistent and smooth , which they did , but the overall value of the product has dropped . For the core features I use -LRB- connect , control , end session -RRB- the performance has dropped - and I have no need for the new features . I 'll be selling this on ebay ... right after I go back to the odd but faster 10.5 .
 Hi , This is an excellent product but the support is terrible . I tried calling the company and was on hold for more than an hour but no one picked up . I 've heard others have had similar problems.It 's sad because this is a very good product . I 'm considering gotmypc.com because I ca n't answers for how to get this thing thru a router set with one ip address.THE REAL PROBLEM IS N'T PCANYWHERE , IT 'S SYMANTEC . If someone would make a good product and provide good tech support , they could put SYMANTEC out of business ... I 've had a similar experience when I sought help for NORTON ANTIVIRUS.Well that 's all for now ...
 I am a systems integrator and have been supplying clients with PC Anywhere for several years for remotely monitoring chemical and industrial processes . This involves animated HMI software and it has always worked fine . When using ver .11.0.1 , I have found that the animations will not automatically update when the host and remote are connected over a local network connection using fixed IP addresses . The same software works fine over a dial-up connection . I called their tech . support and received absolutely no satisfaction . I guess it 's back to 10.5 till something better comes along .
 I upgraded several systems from 10.5 to 11.0 and have found that the new version does not work nearly as well as the old version . My biggest complaint is that in cases where the host computer has a dynamically updating screen , the remote computer may not receive updates at all making it look as if the host computer is either stuck or is still processing something when it has in fact finished.There is an interface change that added a navigation panel to the left of the remote display that oftentimes makes the entire window too large thereby forcing me to scroll through windows that I did n't have to scroll through using the old version . The addition of the ` Remote Management ' tools would be helpful if they worked properly . The command line tool very often did n't respond properly at all , making it not worth attempting to use when I can just open a command window through the remote window.I am going to have to go through the extra work of uninstalling 11.0 and reinstalling 10.5 on several systems . Very disappointing !
 Quiddich , though only imaginative , is an incredible sport in concept . I was practically compelled to buy the game because of visions I had of the possibilities there , even though the reviews were lackluster . Well , turns out people were right . The passing and shooting is oversimplified , the 3D element is completely absent , and its a little too easy to steal the quaffle -LRB- i.e. the ball . -RRB- The bludgers and beaters -LRB- bat-weilding players hitting heavy balls at enemy players -RRB- were handled fairly well . The vying for special moves by accomplishing certain goals in a match is a nice touch , but another reviewer hit a chord when they compared their vision of a Quiddich video game with Madden Football . Let players compete at Hogwarts , Club -LRB- Professional -RRB- , or World Cup difficulty , and let them handle the recruiting and management of a team -LRB- or even let players you had at Hogwarts play on your pro club when you move to the next level . -RRB- Let the flying be more 3 dimensional , with the chance to play as any position all the time instead of just chasers , and you could have a game that redefines sports gaming . Right now , its just a cheap shot by E.A. Games at all us Quiddich dreamers out there . $ 10 ? Yeah , its worth about that much .
 When I viewed a preview of this game I was thoroughly surprised with the graphics et cetera . When I received the game as a gift , I was most excited . About twenty minutes into the game I was bored stiff . The game is either too simple at times -LRB- I won every single one of my matches just by doing the same moves over and over again -RRB- or too confusing -LRB- there was way too many tricks to learn and comprehend whilst playing multiple positions . -RRB- I loved the whole idea of the game as well as the graphics , I just found the game too easy at times and got bored of it quite fast .
 I agree with most of the other reviewers here
 This game is kinda fun ; in multiplayer . But the inadjustable AI level makes it to EASY . In perspective just unlock everything and then just play multiplayer.BOTTOM LINEOnly buy this if you have relatives willing to play .
 I had been looking forward to this game for a long time . I just bought it and can not find words to express my disapointment . This game had a ton of potential , but it was not realized . The thing about quidditch that was to have set it apart from soccer , basketball , and hockey is that it is 3D . Unfortunately this game is not 3D . You only control backwards/forwards and left/right motion . You do not control the vertical aspect of flight . In other words , you are for all intents and purposes on the ground . If you want to play quidditch then do yourself a favor and just play the quidditch portions of the previous harry potter games . At least then there will be something to do besides playing a watered down versions of hockey . WHY IS N'T THIS GAME 3D ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
 you cant control elevation and it is unrealistic the graphics are the only good part and more options are okay but it could have been way better.I like harry potter and the other harry potter games but this 1 just really sucks so use your 30 dollars on something else such as need for speed underground
 I bought this for use in my classroom , and only the most dedicated science lovers bother to play with it more than once . The information is good , but it just is n't very exciting . Oh well .
 Bought for my 8 year old , not much to do as far as activities , a lot of information only .
 I 've been creating invitations out of my home for a couple of years . I upgraded to printingpress extreme and am very disappointed.The graphics are very limited and so are the fonts . The customer service is fair and they really want you to buy the $ 1,000 pro software , which is a stretch . I think that after using printmaster and even word , that you can do very similar work without spending what printing press software costs .
 A complete waste of money.Not user friendly . Very limited package.Very dissapointed .
 It does n't work !!! I 've tried to load the program several times , but when you push start , the screen goes blank . I tried going to the website to look for updates or troubleshooting , but their website is no longer up . My kids were really looking forward to the game , but what a disappointment . I do n't know what other recourse I have , but Amazon needs to pull this product .
 Every other game purchased that runs on Windows 2000 ran on my 2000 xp . This one doesnt . Too bad , it looked really good . Tried to go to their tech site and never got a reply.The I Spy series is a great alternative .
 I bought the program hopping it would work for me ... well it does half of the time . My son saw it when I first installed and now that it doesnt work he keeps asking me for it ... mom fix it please ... For a while it wouldnt even read the disk , now that it does , Im afraid to take it out of the driver because I dont know it will work again . What a shame .
 It took a while to figure out what you were supposed to do , and I do n't know how much math is actually reinforced , but when we did figure it out my son thought it was fun .
 Didnt install and didnt even autorun on my XP laptop . Tried it on vista laptop and installed ok . However the program is very sluggish and graphics are utter crap . Even a low end video game now a days looks 100 time better .
 I recently bought this game and am extremely disappointed.First of all , it does not seem to work with Windows 7 even when the Compatibility option is enabled . As a result , it would not run on my daughter 's computer.When I installed it on my Mac , it did work but then the game revealed its more substantial drawback
 Despite the glowing reviews , I had nothing but PROBLEMS . First of all I could n't even load the thing without a slew of popups going off like fireworks . I assumed it was my desktop instead of assuming the Zoombinis game might be the culprit . Next I problem solved the desktop and attempted to reload the game . UNSUCCESSFUL . Finally gave up after numerous attempts and I rarely give up . Just not worth the frustration . Might mention that I had three other games that I loaded around this one with absolutely no problems whatsoever . Would not buy from The Learning Company/Selectsoft/Riverdeep again .
 We have XP and Vista on our computers . While the game looks really cool and would be a great addition IF you could get it to boot , I decided to pass after reading all the reviews from frustrated XP users.Writing this in the hopes the development staff will get a clue and fix the problem - send a patch - something if they want to keep up with technology or let the thing rust as tech passes it by .
 I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE GREAT FOR MY DAUGHTER BUT I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THERE WAS A PROBLEM WHEN WE TRIED TO INSTALL IT ON MY LAPTOP . LAPTOP KEPT SAYING ERROR CORRUPT . BUT I FIGURED BECAUSE OF THE OLD OPERATIING SYSTEM THIS PROGRAM NEEDED . BUT SURE ENOUGH WE INSTALLED IN ON OUR REGULAR PC AND WHAT A MESS !!! IT HAS VIRUSES ALL OVER IT !!! DO NOT BUY !! TRIED TO SEND AMAZON A MESSAGE LINKED TO PURCHASE BUT WOULD NOT GO THROUGH . DO NOT BUY !!
 I was so excited for this CD . Got it for my twins for their birthday . We have Mac OS X and ca n't open it . so bummed . I want a refund !!!
 The game would start and then keep shutting itself down . It was probably just not compatible with any of our Operating Systems - we tried it on a number of computers . It 's possible the fault was also in the seller . They may have sold us a copy or a bad product , and they refused to take it back . Whatever the reason , I was n't pleased .
 I bought this on scholastic.com , for a pretty penny at that , because I loved this game so much as a kid . Trying to get it to run on any OS not 32 - -LRB- h *** , 16 - -RRB- bit is a joke . :-LRB- I 'm no computer neophyte , we went through the compatibility settings , virtual PC , screen resolution , etc. , etc. . Yes , the game is old , but the darn software just does n't . work . Plain and simple . The Learning Company/Broderbund would do well to update it -- it 's in high demand .
 Even though it says that it is Mac OS X compatible it does not work with the newest operating system , Lion.I gave it to my brother as a birthday gift because I loved this game as a kid , but I could n't find a solution to allow the game to work.Don ' t buy this unless you have an older operating system .
 I can not get the game to install on my computer . When I try , it changes the settings on my display and trys to register , but can not . I tried to look for updates , but the Zoombinis website no longer exists . I am very disappointed in the game , maybe the game is just too old . If anyone could help it would be greatly appreciated . My kids play it at school and love it , but we ca n't get this one working .
 Other reviewers warned this game might not be compatible with my newer PC . However the description and the packaging plainly state it is compatible for Windows XP . After installing the game , when we clicked on it to start , my computer froze and I had to re-boot . I must have installed and un-installed this game 5 times not to mention all the times I had to totally shut down the system . I 've finally given up . Very disappointed . I bought this for my granddaughter and had hoped that it would help improve her math skills .
 Zoombinis Logical JourneyThis does not work on Vista despite trying out all the combinations available in the compatibility wizard.All reviews of this game are five star but the problem seems to be to get the game to work.HAve been googling to find a solution but none seems to work .
 Although my computer meets all the system requirements , this program randomly quits and the entire game has to be restarted . My son was thrilled to have the program and was very disappointed when the program continued to stop working . Save your money ! He loves the other game we got - Crazy Machines !! Very educational and fun !!
 It is suppose to be a great game , but there was a hitch during installation & so far we have not been able to install it !
 I just purchased this software based on the reviews , but no matter what I did I could not get it to work on my computer . I did everything support websites advised , and nothing worked . I think this software is for six year old computers and systems , not updated ones .
 Does not run with xp or vista . Crashed system multiple times . Waste of money .
 I played this game years ago on an old system . Sadly , it will probably not work on any new systems unless they are probably from the 90 's . I was left feeling very sad when I went to try it on my newer computers -LRB- one is about 6 years old -RRB- and it wo n't work anymore . It 's a really great game and I miss it
 I have an xp computer and have tried the many suggestions given on making this product work . So far none of them have succeeded . So I have not had the benefit of accessing nor using this seemingly terrific product . Greatly disappointed .
 Like many others I had a really difficult time getting this to work on an XP machine . It came without directions , and at first glance the only way to exit the game at intro is to CTRL ALT DEL out of it ... I blame myself for not noticing how old it was but Amazon could have pointed it out more clearly .
 No matter how much tweaking I do , this program wo n't run on either XP machines . I 'm hoping it will work on Win98 .
 I am glad that I tried to set this game up before my grandson came for the weekend . It is definitely not XP compatible . I followed their instructions for converting the XP settings on my computer to a compatible setting . The game did start to work but was very choppy and incomplete . I also did not like the theme of the game . Creatures doing mean things to other creatures . I was very disappointed with Broderbund and The Learning Company . Customer service was also very poor .
 Reviews look great but the program wo n't startup.Tried reinstalling several times.Tried compatibility mode -LRB- Win 98 , Win NT , Win2K -RRB- . Tried running the exe directly from the Program Files.The initial screen comes up but then clicking on `` Start Game '' does not work .
 I ordered this for my daughter and she was soooo looking forward to it , but it would not work on our computer . We have a newish computer and I ran all the diagnostics and changed some settings like they asked , but it still would not load the game for play after instillation .
 It had great reviews on Amazon , but my copy wo n't register and after I finally got it to load , it would n't run the program for any longer than a few seconds . The program always terminates . I 've tried it on two of my computers , but no luck .
 The manufacturer evidently does n't offer support for this product , and the company that they referred us to is hard to reach / get help from .
 I consider myself computer savvy , but I could not get this game to work.The system requirements match , I have Windows XP . The installation was completed without problem , but the game would not play . I really wanted to children to use this game , the reviews are so positive ; I really think it 's a shame.Software Customer support from the Learning Company is nearly non-existent , and then they tell us to contact another company that I was n't able to contact either because in the process of getting a customer support ticket , their registration page would not let me get past the mailing address field.What a shame .
 I should have listened to the others . This was very frustrating and a real waste of time .
 This product stopped working on our computer ? We got to play it a few times but jams and does n't let us click on things ? Very frustrating .
 Although this product states it works with Mac OSx ... it does not . Both of our macs spit the disk out promptly as it was incompatible and/or unreadable . It looks like a great game but , we 'll never know . Hopefully the developers will address this issue . `` Mia 's Math Caper '' might be a great alternative to this title if you 're a Mac user .
 After reading all of these 5 star reviews , I decided to buy a copy of Zoombinis Logical Journey for my 8 year old boy . Once I successfully installed the game , I left the rest to my son . Two minutes later , he came up to me and said he did n't know what to do . I went back to the screen and all I saw was a little ship , some mountains and what looked like little comical body parts to build a character . There were absolutely NO instruction on the screen . The makers expected a little 8 year old kid to know that they should hit the pink hidden questionmark in the corner for instructions . Once clicked , it puts confusing instructions -LRB- confusing for little kids -RRB- using `` big '' words such as attributes and other words a little kid needs to ask mom define . Once I figured out that you needed to build 16 different Zoombinis , the little characters are taken to another screen where the player needs to put them in a certain order . If the player fails to do this , he/she loses all of the little Zoombinis except for 3 or 4 out of the original 16 that were created . And thats it ... the game ends.When a player does complete the task required , they do n't get a `` good job '' or `` Yay ! you did it ! '' Instead the game exclaims , `` And the zoombinis move on . '' Absolutely no motivation or reward to congratulate the player on a job well done.On top of that , there is no `` Save Game '' button . Lucky for me , my older son knew that one needs to press Ctrl + S to save the game.The `` no numbers required -- all logic '' motto caught my eye when I was looking for a game to purchase . THERE IS ONLY ONE CHALLENGE - The player needs to put the Zoombinis in a certain order where the an `` attribute '' of the next Zoombini is the same as a Zoombini previous to it . This idea is followed through the entire game except for a couple of mini games . The only difference between levels is the color or characters that need help in completing a task . For example , the Zoombinis need to cross a river . In order to do this , they have to hop on some turtles ' shells to get the other side . Put the Zoombinis in a specific order -LRB- explained before -RRB- . The next level would be a frog that will only row the boat if the Zoombinis put themselves in a certain order - except this time they need to put themselves in an order in such a manner that they form a rectangle . Very little variation.Worst game ever created . I HIGHLY recommend that you buy a different game .
 I could n't get this to work on a brand new Dell with XP and mega memory .
 I bought this CD for my seven year old son with hopes that it would be a positive addition to his education . I was sadly disappointed to find that it was violent , dark , and depressing . I do not believe that teaching children to be violent and aggressive is in the best interests of anyone . We must learn to share the Earth with all living beings .
 This software would not run on any of my four WindowsXP machines . I build and maintain all my machines so they are all virus free , running WinXP Pro with service pack 3 . On one machine it turns the screen black and nothing else happens and I must reboot or kill the process . On another machine , it generates the classic `` Zoombinis has experience an unexpected error and needs to close '' message . Then it sets my screen resolution to 640x480 so that I have to reset the resolution . Do n't buy it . As an interesting aside , Mattel bought the Learning Company -LRB- who created this product -RRB- for around $ 2 billion and sold the company a few years later for under $ 500 million . The CEO was cut loose over this and other major mistakes . Do n't buy any Learning Company Software , it 's all clunky at best .
 I purchased this , and when loading it into my computer , it shuts down and sends error messages every time . I ca n't even get through a level . When trying to get some help with it , I was asked some extremely technical questions , and when I -LRB- who buy things that are supposed to be simple to AVOID complicated technology -RRB- could n't answer every single question , I was told that they could n't help me.Don ' t buy it . Its a waste of money .
 All the one stars are right this is not compatible with new computer and just crashes with error message.Bummer !
 This is the worst software I 've ever used . Unfortunately , I bought it for my children . It claims compatible to Windows XP , but it does n't say it was n't developed for XP . Basically , the software is not stable , it keeps giving error such as `` Zoombinis Logical Journey.exe has encountered a problem and needs to close . We are sorry for the inconvenience . `` It only supports low resolution -LRB- 640 x 480 -RRB- monitor . So if you have big , high resolution monitor , it shows a few inches little square on your big monitor.It does n't have technical support on the phone , only through a website , you need to login and type in all kind of issues yourself . Then you need to wait technical support to reply your trouble ticket.I am an IT professional , but I ca n't `` support '' this software for my children , with the company 's technical support.The software just crashed AGAIN a moment ago .
 After reading raving reviews , I ordered one for my daugther . However , the piece was damaged -LRB- did not even fire up -RRB- . And , Amazon said they would not replace it -LRB- they did refund in full -RRB- . Take a chance and re-order ? I am not sure if I want to go through that trouble again !
 Greatly disappointed with this product . Purchased along with Gizmos and Gadgets . Neither one of these programs would run on my Computer System.Must be seriously behind the current windows !! Not worth returning hassle .
 Sad to say , that after playing `` Email-Tag '' with the vendor and continually trying everything advised to me , I still could n't get this game to work . I also have XP and eventhough I set the compatibility mode to one of the younger windows versions , windows shut down on me and I was n't able to get the disc out of the driver . To retrieve the disc I had to restart my computer . What a disaster ! I am just glad I did n't pay major bucks .
 Although this product lists for Mac users , do n't bother . It is not compatible with System 10 and jagged and pops and unexepectedly quits with System 9 . A disappointment because I think our children could have benefited from this . Designers need to update as the technology progresses .
 Unable to get this game to run on HP Pavilion a450n with Windows XP O/S . Looks like some folks have been able to work around the problem with Windows XP by using the Program Compatibility Wizard , but I 've had no such luck . There is no `` fix '' available from the vendor , as TLC/Broderbund no longer supports this product -LRB- they subbed that out to a company called Sunburst , and they are n't really supporting the product either -RRB- . BUYER BEWARE - you will likely have trouble getting this game to work if you are running Windows XP -LRB- or Vista for that matter -RRB- .
 Weeks later and we 're still waiting to hear back from customer service . XP owners , listen to the consumer warnings ... look elsewhere . I feel like I have been ripped off !
 I should have listened to others ' reviews but really wanted a good math game program for my son . Unfortunately , upon install I got an error message and no way to fix it . Do n't bother buying this . If the manufacturer does n't fell it 's worth their time to update their program , Amazon should n't even be carrying it!Windows XP users , DO N'T BUY THIS ! You ca n't even run the game after installing it , and it automatically resets your desktop settings -LRB- creating huge icons -RRB- , requiring a restart in order to revert back to your original settings .
 I wish I have read these 1 star comments before I purchase this CD . I received 2001 version -LRB- have they ever updated ? -RRB- . It does n't work on my 2004 -LRB- XP -RRB- computer . After installing , I click `` play '' , it ruined my computer setting and disappeared . I tried to uninstall and install again , nothing changes . I have to return the CD . It is really disappointed experience .
 I loved this game as a kid and my kids were so excited to play it . It says system requirements for Windows XP , which we have , but it keeps shutting down and sending error reports . So frustrated with this product ! Wonderful game if it works likes it says it should !
 The game itself is great , however , at least on my pc -LRB- Windows XP with service pack 2 , with an intel motherboard and intel on board video -RRB- Each time we want to use the game we have to go to start , run , type in dxdiag , go to the display tab and turn off direct draw . Then we can launch and play the game . That 's a bit too much of a pain to use . It says it works on XP , but every machine I know of uses direct draw , so this is really more engineered for older versions of windows I think . This game should be updated so folks do n't need to go through this hassle . Otherwise the game itself is great . If you do n't mind going through these steps -LRB- and maybe if you are lucky you wo n't have to -RRB- buy it .
 My children loved Zoombinis 1 , and were delighted to find Mountain Rescue in their Christmas Stocking . What a disappointment . After three weeks of trying we have only been able to get as far as the title page when the program crashes and we have to press the `` reset '' button and restart the computer . Communication with Broderbund/Learning Co has proved unhelpful as so far they have only come up with the standard advice of update drivers , delete temporary files , close down unnecessary programs etc. . Three weeks after Christmas Day my children have still been unable to play with their present . A big thumbs-down so far , I 'm afraid . I would be interested to hear if anyone else has had the same problem - particularly is they have managed to resolve it!Update - it 's now April - nearly four months after Christmas - and we have got no further with playing this . Other friends have tried it on their PC 's with the same results . Borrow it first , before spending your money!Nearly the end of August now - and still trying . Keep visiting support to see if any patches come out -LRB- they have n't -RRB- and updating drivers to see if that makes any difference -LRB- it has n't -RRB- .
 We have other Zoombini games and love them but ca n't even use this one . We purchased a brand new computer with a pretty advanced system yet we ca n't play this game and it was a waste of a purchase.After 40 minutes on the phone with Dell and being assured we had the most up to date Video Card , Sound Card and Cd-Rom drive we are still unable to install this game . We have had no help from the company 's tech support either . Unless you are an expert in Video Card Drivers and can get past the `` UNABLE TO SET VIDEO MODE '' error message that we got I 'd be careful in purchasing this one .
 This is a very fun game , my kids love it . However , it took hours of research and trial and error to get it to partially work on my computer . Any newer computer , with newer color qualities will not work easily . You can eventually turn enough stuff off that it works , but then the sound is difficult to understand . Then when you are done playing , you have to go back into your system and turn things on again .
 My fault . I should not have purchased software produced in 2001 for a computer system built in 2007 . Too many incompatibility issues . I will give this to someone who has a more compatible system than mine .
 Do n't order this if you own a Mac . It 's for Windows only ! I was so disappointed because my daughters and I liked the first Zoombinis so well . We 've had it for about 5 years , and we still get it out and play with it . I could n't decided whether to give this new one 1 star or 5 , because if it 's as good as the first one , and as good as the box made it look , I 'm sure it 's excellent . Mac owners need to find a way to show software companies that we will provide them with enough business so they can afford to develop these good programs for us too !
 Zoombinis Mountain Rescue was really , really boring . I have played the first on and it took me like 2-3 years to work on it . -LRB- only because 1 -RRB- I did n't play it all the time and 2 -RRB- I always wanted my dad to help me -RRB- ok now we are at a new type of adventure . I had to admit it was sort of enteraning at first then it got just plain boring . I was able to finish it in maybe and hour to an hour and a half and the worst part is you do n't have to use all 635 -LRB- or something like that Zoombinis -RRB- you just need about 180 . So I would not recomend this for somebody who want a chanllege , but if you want something fairly easy stick with this . If you want a chanllege take the oringal Zoonbini Adventure .
 Do NOT buy this product unless your PC specifically supports 24-bit color ! This software would not run on any of my three PC 's . If your PC has 32-bit color I do n't think this software will work on your PC unless it also supports 24-bit color . Unfortunately , all of my PC 's have the better color but do NOT support 24-bit color . This is not industry standard . Standard would allow use of the higher color albeit with a minor hit on performance.Not sure if your PC supports 24-bit color ? Right click on the empty desktop . Left click on properties . Left click on the settings tab . Under colors , see if -LRB- 24 bit -RRB- color is listed . If it 's not , you may be in trouble.This is the only software out of dozen 's and dozen 's I have purchased that I can not get to run on any of my PC 's . My recommendation to anyone would be to borrow a copy and try it before you purchase . I am extremely disappointed in this software !!!
 Our family has eagerly anticipated the new Zoombinis Mountain Rescue because we loved the original Zoombinis so much . Mountain Rescue has been a big disappointment . Some of the games are difficult to understand based on the instructions given . Even the very easy levels are hard for my children . This was not the case with the last Zoombinis . There seems to be alot of hesitation on the computer both during and after completing some games . Even the voice of the narrator sounds as if he is bored . The graphics are good , but everything else that made the first one wonderful is missing . I would stick with the first one if you have n't already gotten this one .
 Despite being advertised as running on Mac the Cd supplied has only PC files on it . The company website states that support is no longer offered on this product . A pity as my kids loved the first Zoombinis .
 As a teacher and a player of The Logical Journey of the Zoombinis , I expected the new game to be as good or better . I was extremely disappointed . The animation is not there - the humor is not there - the logic is not as good . Save your money .
 This game has problems running on Mac and PC.The video portions skip and freeze every second on the MacBook , and I have n't gotten it to run at all on the PC -LRB- running XP -RRB- . Installation on the Mac is shotty . It says it is not installed on the Mac every time I try to run it.The puzzle portions of the game run on the Mac and my kids enjoy that part.Quite frustrating .
 This game is far inferior to the magical journey one . Had lots of trouble loading and then 2 of the areas you have to go through would not work properly . I gave up .
 I played just about every game in the ClueFinders series as a pre - and early teen . This was the last one to be released , and unfortunately , it 's just not as good as the other titles . Most importantly , the activities are much weaker -- they are less engaging -LRB- I ca n't even remember some of them -RRB- , and there is no good way to automatically set the levels in the game to the appropriate difficulty for the kid . Every time you play through the adventure , you must either manually set the levels via LapTrap or start over at level one , a serious problem for slightly older kids who will quickly get bored with the easier levels . I also remember noticing some bugs where the sound cut out at the main screen -- the other titles all played almost flawlessly.Another point
 We tried installing this on a G5 iMac on OSX 10.5.8 . It would not install . It keeps force quitting . My husband actually specializes in Macs for a living as a Network Administrator so if it was possible , he 'd have gotten it to work . Out $ 7.65 or whatever it was .
 I usually ignore people who have installation issues as I am quite experienced in debugging simple install problems . This game gives a `` Severe error '' during install on XP SP2 and then promptly exits the installation . For the price , I thought there was not much to lose , but adding shipping it turned out to be a dumb purchase . I will still try to hunt down the problem , but I hate spending my time trying to fix something that says it is XP compatible . Do n't waste your time with this !
 The game is fun and provides a blast from the past for adults and a great learning tool for kids . However , it was incredibly difficult to install on a Mac because you need to have a really old font installed on your Mac as well as have the ability to set your screen resolution to a really low setting that some Mac 's do n't let you do . We ended up having to use a different Mac at my wife 's school and used a few tricks we found online -LRB- google this product 's title and these issues will all come up with solutions -RRB- to get it to ultimately work . So make sure you check your computers settings -LRB- and the reviews of people who had trouble -RRB- before buying this product otherwise you are going to be uber-frustrated .
 we all have good memories of the oregon trail game ... it should be left as that ... a memory . it was good while it lasted and then it was over . all the features are the same but the people are repetitive and the whole trail its repetitive . after all the advancements in pc games , the oregon trail is like frogger , its nostalgic but you ca n't sit there for hours and play it -LRB- or minutes -RRB- .
 Frankly , this game was nothing like the original played on the Apple II . There are a lot of people who say they grew up playing The Oregon Trail , bought this for the nostalgia , and loved it , but I do n't agree at all . Those people were either playing a different version or optimists.The CD Rom I got came with no instructions so it was difficult to navigate the game . I did n't know how to get in and out of the general stores or what the point was of exploring the forts . I think some of the new features and games made it extremely tedious . I suppose a longer playing time is good and makes the game worth the money , but I just could n't get over the disappointment of it not being enough like the original .
 Just purchased this game and it does not run on my computer with windows XP . Went to the help website for compatibility issues and tried that , but it still would not run . Big waste of time and money !!!
 I am humiliated that I purchased this game . It IS Oregon Trail II , with less quality and cheesy cartoon segments . Please ignore anyone who wrote a positive review about this game , and buy Oregon Trail II . I returned this product before I even finished a game .
 This program will not run on Mac OS X . It requires a font that is called `` New York 18 '' and Apple no longer includes it . The 24 hour web support on the game box no longer exists and there is no way that you can download this font from the internet . There is a website that has a `` fix '' for this error , they tell you to copy the font from your other computer that has an older version of Mac OS -LRB- which , if you are like me , you do not have -RRB- .
 I have been a fan of Oregon Trail for many years . It is therefore with great pain that I say the following
 I purchased the Oregon Trail 5th Edition for my grandson . His computer runs Vista . The program crashed on his computer and the screen looked like it had gone into a basic mode -LRB- everything was greatly enlarged -RRB- . Then tried to load it on my Windows 7 with the same result . Next tried to see if it would operate on my old XP . The computer would n't even recognize the disk being in the drive . DO N'T BUY THIS !!!
 my husband and I went and bought this game for our son . And online it said win mac so it was going to work . But it does n't because of some font and there 's no way of getting that font . So a waste of money . Do your reaserch !
 Amazon was great getting this product to me so quickly . My 9 year old son could wait to play it . However it did not work on my Apple computer because you need a certain font that the computer did not have . So I had to load it on my old pc laptop and he plays it on that . Not sure why it is n't compatible with the Apple desktop . I think because it wants to run on classic and most Apples do n't even have classic OS9 anymore
 I had order it and worked for about 5 minutes and kept freezing up it was not what i remember it being either however the product was not good .
 I have no problems with the guys who sent me this product . I was very excited about it coming and I did receive it promptly but the game itself will NOT work ! I have been very frustrated . I have a Dell laptop with Windows7 that is only a couple of months old . I tried changing the game to be compatible with every version of Windows , I tried running it in less colors , and I tried running it with a lower screen resolution but nothing worked . I even uninstalled and re-installed the game several times . If anyone knows any solutions to my problem please let me know , but I have n't been able to get this game to work at all !! Waste of money if it will never work .
 CA N'T INSTALL OR PLAY ON WINDOWS XP . I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO PLAYING THIS CHILDHOOD GAME WITH MY SON .
 My wife and I purchased the very first Oregon Trail many years ago . We looked forward to this updated version . Unfortunately it did not play at all on Windows XP as advertised .
 I was so excited to get this game but now Im just really disapointed ! I have windows 7 and it doesnt work with 7 or theres another problem . I can start a quick play but I cant start from fresh and when I do quick play it freezes up after about 5 minutes of playing . If anyone has any suggestions please let me know .
 This is by far the worst thing I have ever seen . Anyone who has played the OLD Oregon Trails will know what I am talking about here when I say that this is an EXACT copy of Oregon Trail 2 with a few minor visual tweeks ; the menus look a bit different , there are thrown-together water navigation movies , and and some random cartoonish cutscenes clearly meant for little kids ; great , but the way this game is can be complicated for little kids.Its almost an exact copy of Oregon Trail 2 ; there was absolutely no effort made to improve or change the game from that version other than a few menu designs that looks different ; the game looks horrible , is buggy , and its sloppily done . The end result being a game that comes out worse than Oregon Trail 2 . For those who do n't believe that , look up both games on Youtube and compare them . Here 's a good example :[ ... -RSB- - Oregon Trail 5th Edition -LSB- ... -RSB- - Oregon Trail 2Wow , almost exactly alike ; -LSB- sarcasm -RSB- glad to see so much work was put in to modernize it . -LSB- / sarcasm -RSB-
 I purchased this item after seeing one of the reviews where the purchaser was able to run it on their Vista Premium system . I tried everything I could but could not get it to run . I contacted the seller who sent instructions on how to make it work , but it still would not function .
 This game is not compatible in MAC Computers . Never buy this game if you have a MAC . The company that makes the game is no help either . I asked them for assistance they never returned an answer.I wish I had done thorough research on this game before I bought it from the seller on this site . He knew it did not work . If I were to sell a product I would not have left this out . A big disappointment ... of the seller and the game . I was unable to play .
 will not install on computer.Even went to the manufactures website to find out what to do and they cant help with that becouse product is to old they do not make or sell this edition any more .
 THIS EDTION IS THE WORST !! FIRST OF ALL IT IS ALMOST AN EXACT COPY OF OREGON TRAIL 2 , EXCEPT FOR A FEW CHANGES ! THEY HAVE TAKEN MUSIC FROM THE OTHER VERSIONS , LOOKS LIKE THEY COULD HAVE COME UP WITH NEW MUSIC !! THE NEW CHARACTERS BAD , THEY LOOK LIKE THEY ARE FOR 1ST OR 2ND GRADERS ! THE MUSIC OVERLAPS , THE THEME SONG PLAYES WHILE THE MUSIC IN THE TOWN PLAYES . I WOULD NOT RECOMEND BUYING THIS GAME !!
 Very disappointed in this product . Never got the program to run despite several attempts to fix the problem . Even with help from the publisher , it still did not work with MS XP pro . Sorry I bought it .
 I was really dissapointed with this game . I bought it because I have a niece who is 10 , and I thought that buying her this would give her hours of fun . It is nothing like the original . I was very bored with it , and so was she .
 I ordered Oregon Trail 5th Edition and it simply would not work on my computer . I tried all fixes to no avail . I have XP.The product was delivered promptly in good condition and I was able to return with no problem.I would reccomend this vendor
 When this item came in the mail I became suspecious . It was n't in the original box it only came in a white envelope.I down loaded it on my computer but could n't access it . I went into the properties of it and found it had a previous owner named Chuck . So due to the copyright element I ca n't use it.These people that I ordered from should be ashamed of themselves . They should be banned from selling through Amazon.com.So I 've got a game I ca n't use . Thank you very much !!! I rate them as low life.Wilma Sue Rowland
 I 've tried just about everything I can think of , and the game still wo n't work . Waste of money .
 This product does not work with Windows XP . I wasted money on this product . One day when noone buys this product , the company will make it work with XP . Until then , do not buy this product .
 The item was never received . I contacted the seller and we tried to trace it via the postal service . It was sent to the Milton PO , and the carrier did n't remember delivering it . So , it 's a loss.Since the cost of the item was low and the postage high , I opted not to pursue your guarantee , since all I would get back would be the cost of the item.I will not order software from you again .
 Do n't bother purchasing this product if you are running windows XP . I figured I could take the chance that it would n't work because it was inexpensive , but even so it turned out to be a waste of my money . The game will install but it WILL NOT RUN . Do n't waste your money .
 FIRST notice that most of the five or four stars reviews was worte by software people , seller or merchant of the site . read only review by real customer with their nick name not . '' software user '' or a `` a kid review '' . no this game suck . beside the classic every other version pretty suck . prove me wrong and buy this oregon trail 5 game . you 'll see
 Im sure this is a great game but the copy I got had bad file in it and wouldnt work on my computor so I am afraid to buy another . We used to play the old edition along time ago and my faily loved it but have n't been able to use the one I have now .
 DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOU 'RE RUNNING WINDOWS XP on your computer ! I purchased it , and it crashed my computer upon installation . I then tried to download the product from www.broderbund.com , and again it crashed my computer . It has faulty programming and NO CAPATIBILITY with XP ! To add insult to injury I 've had a lot of difficulty obtaining an RMA from Amazon/NothingButSoftware in order to return it for a refund !
 I was hoping to use this program to supplement classroom curriculum . Unfortunately , the CD never has installed correctly .
 I was excited to order the program to use with my class as we study Westward expansion . I got it today and it will not work on my school laptop - where I need to use it to project in class . VERY disappointed . I skimmed some of the reviews for version 4 that had similar concerns . . then saw a few reviews of edition 5 that noted these problems were fixed . I obviously did not read enough reviews as I now see many comments about this game not working at all . I am very disappointed to order a product that will not work ... . a real waste of money .
 I have a Mac os x If you have one do n't buy this ! There is an out of date font that this game needs so it will play . It is not available anywhere , except old macs . New york 18 . Perhaps the game is awesome if you get it to open ... I have no idea so I gave it one star .
 Cast your pole in the water to catch a fish , I see fish , they do n't move . Never ever !!! click on the guide or diary if you do there is no way to resume the game , you must use control alt and delete buttons and then click on end program now . Even knowing NOT to click on dairy or guide One will unintentionly click on it and you will have heck getting back to your desk top . A good thing I do like is the fact one can see how many $ $ $ $ they have as they travel.OREGON TRAIL 5TH EDITION PC
 I got this game because I loved it as a kid and I figured , since it 's the 5th edition , it would be even better . The first thing that went wrong was when I inserted the CD into the drive to intall it , nothing happend . -LRB- I am using Windows Vista Home Premium 64bit -RRB- . After messing with it for a while , I got it to install , but then when I tried to run the program , it kept giving me an error message telling me the CD was n't in the drive -LRB- when it was -RRB- . I downloaded a fix which helped , but then I discovered the gameplay was confusing when trying to fish -LRB- I still have n't figured out how to catch fish -RRB- . The graphics are way sub-standard -LRB- I could do a better job for free with a digital camera , and on occasion animals -LRB- like elk -RRB- walk through the sky . The game now crashes whenever I try to fish , and at random times while traveling . If the game was stable and fishing was more straight-forward -LRB- and worked -RRB- the game would actually be enjoyable to play . It was fun for a few minutes until I kept having to restart the program over and over again because it kept crashing . It seems that the game developers are out of touch with what people look for in a game .
 I bought this because I use to play the original version in elementary school , which was quite a while ago . It sounded fun and I have a daughter of my own I wanted to introduce it too , unfortunately it does not work , every time it goes to load it freezes . I have enough memory and RAM , and I have the correct compatibility to play it , I even have the video card which I thought was the problem , but still unable to play . Disappointed .
 Have the correct system requirements to run this program , installed correctlly , but does not run on the computer . Waste of money . Bummed out !
 I had really enjoyed other games in the series -LRB- in my opinion Oregon Trail 2 is the best because of the many choices for start date/time , start city , and destination -RRB- , and was really looking forward to this game , but unfortunately , I could not get it to run on my machine -LRB- a PC with Windows XP -RRB- . There was no patch or detailed help readily available , and the online advice I found -LRB- after hunting around quite a bit -RRB- was not helpful .
 I 've been playing OT since it 's first version , back in the 80s . This is a slightly jazzed up COPY of version 2 . IMO , version 3 far exceeds anything before or since . Version 2 is pretty good if you want a basic game -LRB- start to finish in an hour or so -RRB- . Version 3 is great , with the addition of fishing , gathering , and player driven trading , along with the much better graphics . Version 4 consistently crashes on an incredibly powerful gaming computer system , which I use to run MMORPGs . There 's no reason that such a basic game should be so incredibly unstable . I 've never managed to get to Oregon with that game . It always crashes shortly after leaving Kansas . I was so pleased to see Version 5 on the shelf , and so incredibly irritated that I had wasted my money once I had loaded it !! The only difference between 2 and 5 is a different border frame around the picture , and the addition of the `` story '' of transporting the children to Oregon . Other than that , in all important ways -LRB- UI , graphics , trading , hunting , etc. -RRB- , it is identical to Version 2 . Do n't waste your money on v5 . Hunt down a used copy of v3 . It 's a much better way to spend your money .
 This program needs a font to run on OS X . The font is from OS 9 and is called New York . It was a default system font in OS 9 . When you try to launch the game in OS X it asks for the New York 18 font . The original font was a Truetype Font and 18 was an included size . Problem is that OS X does n't see the 18 part . The FIX is a really simple one and that is probably why nobody figured it out yet . First , get the font New York from someone with an old OS 9 System or if someone still is running Classic on an OS X machine you can get it there . Do n't worry about the legalities . Apple no longer cares about OS 9 . Rename the font by putting a space and the number 18 after the name New York . Double click the font to install . Restart . DONE . Hope this helps . By the way , you can probably get the font New York by going to this webpage at apple where you can download an old system for free . As in NO CHARGE . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Back in the early 90 's , I played a game called Oregon Trail II . It was a fun game with great music , detailed art , decent animation and voice acting , as well as a lot of historical information . It was a huge upgrade over the basic versions on Apple and early Windows , and I enjoyed it a lot.Fast-forward to the 21st century , where Oregon Trail 5th Edition has been released for Windows XP and Vista . Anyone who played OT2 -LRB- or related versions -RRB- will recognize this game just from the back of the box , but if you 're looking for nostalgia , you 'll be sorely disappointed . If the game simply felt dated , that would 've been a problem , but this version is actually a regression , not to mention broken.If you can even get past the installation screens , you 're greeted by a poorly animated opening to the game , before it takes you to the main menu . This game has absolutely no changes to its setup from over a decade ago ... even the actors and voiceovers used for the townsfolk are exactly the same -LRB- and most of them repeat the same lines at every stop -RRB- . The only actual `` upgrade '' is that the river crossing is now 3D instead of overhead , but it just feels out of place in a game that has n't upgraded anywhere else . Rafting , which probably needed the biggest upgrade of anything in this game , is still as ugly and clumsy to control as ever.The only addition I noticed to this game was the cutscenes featuring a group of children and their trail guide , who are on their way to Oregon to meet up with the children 's father . These are poorly drawn , poorly animated , poorly acted and utterly pointless more often than not . There 's also the matter of the diary covering their own journey ... I opened it up to read about a cut scene I missed , and the journal is already completely filled out to the end ! What 's the point of that ? These scenes are so horrible , you might as well just read the journal and skip over the animations ... you 're not missing anything.An even bigger disappointment is the music ... most of it is missing . OT2 had different pieces for certain scenarios , like reaching mountains , people dying , things going poorly , and especially the climatic final stretch towards Oregon ... this game has none of these . You could die , and the music will still play on cheerfully as if nothing had happened . Even rafting the final river and reaching Oregon is anticlimatic because there 's no victory music anymore.If you can find a fixed version of this game , or even online upgrades to improve the version you bought at the store or through Amazon , it 's worth the play , but if you 're stuck with what comes in the box ... and believe me , there 's not much in there ... you 're better off searching for freeware .
 This is nothing like the game I played when I was a kid , very disappointed .
 Everytime we tried to use this product , we received an error message and were never able to play the game . My child was very disappointed .
 This CD never worked . Learning Trail Company replaced it with another game but I never did get Oregon Trail . Very sad .
 It is not a good version , wasted money . It is time consuming and confusing to get supplies in the beginning of the game . The supplies you can get are what would have been available back then , but we do n't use them today so I had no idea what a lot of them were used for . You also have to go from store , to store , to store to get different supplies . You can leave from more than one city , and choose more than one city for a destination , but the map does n't even show the locations of all the city options . My biggest problem is the hunting and fishing . You can shoot right at an animal and it just scares it away . With fishing , they will swim all around but not catch the line . This has always been my favorite part of the game and it is horribly immplemented in this edition . I went back to the original version I downloaded for free and run on DosBox . I do not recommend .
 I purchased this and tried to run it on OS X only to run into the same New York 18 font issue everyone else here is complaining about . Well , I happen to be pretty computer-savvy and I found the solution . First , you need to download the file from :[ ... -RSB- Then , on your Mac you need to unzip that file . For some reason Stuffit Expander wo n't expand it , so you need to download a tool that will . Ez7z works great , and you can get it for free from :[ ... -RSB- Unzip it to your desktop , then double-click on it . You will be presented with a window that has a button called Install Font . Press that and you will get the font installed in your Font Book.Now go back and try to run Oregon Trails and it will work.Enjoy .
 I was disappointed when the website said this product would work for Window 's Vista and it did n't . I ended up spending another $ 20 at Target for the correct game that worked .
 I have been a fan of Oregon Trail for many years . It is therefore with great pain that I say the following
 I bought The Oregon Trail 5th edition with high hopes for my grandchildren learning northwest history by playing a game at my house . I could n't make it work , and yesterday took it with me to my MAC class at the Apple Store an hour away . My instructor tried everything to make it work , and as we checked various websites , realized that quite a few people have had the same experience . It requires New York 18 font , which is evidently not available anywhere ! It was a very disappointing and frustrating experience . It seems like the company would have addressed the problem since it was obviously not an isolated incident . Yes , now I will be more careful buying over the internet .
 I read several reviews -LRB- unfortunately after my purchase -RRB- that talked about the program -LRB- version 4 mostly -RRB- crashing . We purchased version 5 , you 'd think it would be better ... Nope . I have had this game for my daughter since October , and have never made it to Oregon . It will simply shut down in the middle of a game . I have un-installed and re-installed the game . It makes no difference . I have a new computer , and plenty of space , a fast processor , no reason why this simple game will not work properly . Very disappointed . I played this game when I was in school , and thought that my kids would enjoy it.I also agree with several people who think that the beginning purchasing is too compicated . It is confusing for ME , let alone a grade-schooler .
 This game maybe fun , but if you have a MAC with OS 10 , forget about playing . This game runs on a font no longer available to MAC users , so its basically useless .
 So I bought this game since it said it was OS X compatible for MAC . It is , only if you have access to OS 9 to get a stupid font called `` New York size 18 '' . There are thousands of forums online about this font and how nobody who had a new mac can find it since it is only in 9.0 , which you have to buy if you do n't have it.Try searching `` New York 18 font '' on google , and it will come up with a bunch of forums about people not being able to play because there is an error message saying the game can not play without New York size 18 . There are no places online to download it since it is under apple 's name.Shoot , I love Oregon Trail ! I wish I did n't update my computer so often . .
 This game does not work on Windows XP . Warning
 This version is n't as good as the previous versions . The cartoon videos and the whole cartoon characters is very annoying , as the mini movies pop up in the most inappropriate times . The music is also very irritating . The game tries very hard to be funny and amusing by adding mean characters , but they overdo it so the characters appear pathetic . If you break a wheel , you will never be able to repair it . If you find an obstruction , you wo n't be able to clear the path , you wo n't be able to find another path , and you 'll be forced to wait several days until a group of immigrants clear it for you.When you go fishing , the windows tell you how many pounds the fish weighs , but in the end the total amount is much more than what the window claims you caught . It does not matter if you 're a doctor or not , because your wagon members will die anyway -LRB- unlike in the old version , it will say `` Mary was near death , but the doctor was able to help -RRB- . What happened to all the `` colorful meat '' and `` berries ! '' in the old versions ? Those things were so classic ! And why is it if you hunt anymore in ANY area , the game will become scarce ? I only shot two rabbits!Also , whenever I insert the CD into my computer -LRB- Windows 2002 -RRB- , the computer starts vibrating and buzzing loudly . The monitor shows very pixelized -LRB- magnified -RRB- pictures , particularly cartoons , and when I take out the CD my desktop is messed up . If you 're going to buy Oregon Trail , do buy the first or second edition .
 If you own Mac OS X -LRB- Leopard -RRB- , beware . I was not able to run this game on Mac OS X due to a ` missing font ' . I contacted the company for support and they offered only their website forums , which had no solution . I now own a game which wo n't work on Mac OS X , despite what the product info . says to the contrary .
 i was totally excited to get this game ... while yes it is old , i could n't wait to play it ... but OOPS i ca n't . the font is n't included in the game , and the new MAC 's do n't have it.so , now i have the game , which i ca n't play , but atleast it was only $ 10 . ... and yes i did try to download it ... although ... YOU CA N'T !!! go figure .
 This game would be good if you have never played any of the other versions . I like my OT3rd edition better , but it will not install on my compter . There is no way of getting in touch with The Learning Company to see what the problem is , so I tried the 5th edition . This is like the Orgegon Trail original version with the OT 3rd edition . Although it does n't seem as `` real '' as OT 3rd .
 Got this game for my daughter . It said that it was for mac OS X but will not work on the Mac OS X. this game will only work on macs with 9.0 but not with 10.0 or higher because it is missing a font that you need
 I was very disappointed that this version of Oregon Trail , 5th Edition , does NOT work on a new Mac -LRB- 10.5 or above -RRB- because it lacks the font needed . It was impossible for me to find the font , and the program is worthless . If it is going to require a certain font , then it needs to be included on the program disk .
 I was unable to get this game to work on my Mac Pro on either the mac side -LRB- error because I did n't have a New York 18 font -RRB- or the windows side-game would load , but would not open . -LRB- my intel mac runs both mac and Windows -RRB- . So if anyone has answers to these problems buy the game . Otherwise , do n't .
 We tried in on an older computer of ours with windows vista . It did not work . Disappointed , but did n't have high expectations .
 Purchased a used Oregon Trail CD Rom loaded it to my laplop to be told there was an error - it will only let you look at the demo ; not play the game . I then tried to load it to my PC so I could show it to some of my students -LRB- on the large screen-connected to my PC -RRB- studying Manifest Destiny . Again only the demo worked - there was an error and it would not allow the game to be played . Both computers are new .
 I bought this item from one buyer who told me that the reason the program did not work was that I had older versions of the program on my computer . I went on to buy another ... same problems .
 Do n't bother buying this if you 're on a Mac running OS 10 . The game wo n't even run because of a missing font named New York 18 . There is no way to get this font except by purchasing it or downloading it from an OS 9 computer . Even this does n't work for me , though , since the font turns into a unix executable file that wo n't open when transferred . And the game wo n't run without it . I 'm really disappointed and surprised the company has n't bothered to fix this or offer a solution or update .
 I purchased this product because my son plays it at school and loves it . The package says it works on Mac OS-X , but it wo n't for us . It gives us a message that we do n't have a New York 18 font , which Mac has n't used since OS-9 . There 's a multitude of other purchasers across the internet who 've got the same issue . I 've looked online on how to find the font , but have n't had any luck . I 've e-mailed the company , also without luck .
 This game loads onto the computer but does n't run . I purchased 4 games , 2 worked fine , 2 not so good .
 Bought this game for my son only to find that it wo n't work for Mac OS X operating systems . The packaging on the game says that it will work for this system , but OS X does n't have the New York 18 font so the game just keeps telling you to install it . Apparently , you can get this font from OS 9 , but why would I buy an older operating system for just one font ! This is very frustrating because the game is useless ! The packaging should not list OS X as an acceptable operating system . My son and I are both very disappointed!Unfortunately , the price I paid is n't worth the hassle of trying to return or else I definitely would !
 Delivery of product from Amazon was good as was the purchase price.OT5 required a font that was not in my computer 's file . It required New York font and it would not run the program until I found an online copy of New York and downloaded it . That took over 30 minutes ! So now I could play the game , I thought ! Not so fast - the sound both of the music and the characters voices are very poor . There is much oral `` drop out '' when a character speaks or the background music is playing.I 'm not certain as to whom to contact - Amazon ? or TLC -LRB- The Learning Company -RRB- . The sound problem makes the game impossible to play . Very disappointing quality control .
 I installed this game without any problems , but when I went to start a new game the program just crashes with an unexpected error . I 'm using Windows XP and my computer is only a few years newer than the game itself , but I ca n't seem to get it to work . Strangely enough , I was able to get a 1993 version by MECC to work just fine .
 does not work with mac os lion . i do n't know what to do in order to fix this . i do n't want to put a rating but since i had to i ca n't rate it anything but 1 star bc i ca n't even play it .
 Version 4 was full of bugs and agonizingly slow but it clearly reflected an effort to expand the game and make it more interesting.This version reverses direction . It is quite stable and should run on just about any recently purchased Windows computer.The trade off is the game play is diminished . The other members of your party no longer have occupations or much personality . The screen no longer scrolls as you hunt . There are less choices to make and overall the game is more likely to bore the adult who tries to play it with children . The only thing not simpler is the the purchasing that still confused my 9 year old brother -LRB- who is good at math -RRB- so badly I had to make his purchases for him to keep him from quitting.The lack of feedback at the end of the game is quite irritating . No longer can you tell what items that you were carrying were worth something once you got to to Oregon . So you ca n't tell what to bring next time . Was the Grandfather clock worth more in Oregon ? How about the extra supplies your carried ? You will never know.Overall it is a big step down from version 4 except for being more stable .
 I 've tried this program on 5 different Windows XP computers , and it only runs on one of them . And , yes I have done all the compatibility adjustments.This is criminal that the software company just does n't fix this and distribute a patch for all of us that have a child that really wants to run the program .
 I first bought this game because I used to play the first Oregon Trail for the Mac when I was in elementary school back in the late 80s . To be honest , they should have just stuck with the original version -LRB- without all the fancy pictures -RRB- . The graphics did not match when changing from the main map to the cg scenes to the cartoon movies . It was very awkward looking . Often when cutting to a movie , the game will crash -LRB- I have Windows 2000 , which the game supposedly is compatible with -RRB- . The game crashes very often.This game is difficult to use , with confusing and frustrating options -LRB- I 've found 2 bugs already where you are stuck in an infinite loop -RRB- . I DO NOT reccommend this game for young kids !! Not only is it awkward to play but it can become extremely tedious as well.There were a few nice things in this version , you can fish and gather certain types of berries and herbs . However , when it comes to buying supplies , any child will be overwhelmed by its bartering system.This game hardly has any of the old Oregon Trail charm that it used to .
 I should have paid more mind to the folks who had trouble running it . In spite of the seller 's claim , this game will not run reliably on XP . This was a waste of our time and money .
 This software will only work on Mac OS X if you have also installed `` Classic '' , which is a program that allows you to use programs prior to this operating system -LRB- such as 8.6-9 .2 -RRB- . The needed New York font is not available unless you have classic , so my children can not even play this .
 When I had snow leopard on my mac it worked but was a bit buggy . But since I installed Lion , I can not play the game at all . Apparently this game is a power PC application which is no longer supported in OSX Lion
 Anyone purchases this game to play on a new Mac - system OS10 an above should be aware that this game will be useless to you . The system requires the font New York 18 to run . It is impossible to find and download this font on the internet , and unless you have access to the OS9 system disks , you will be very frustrated and waste much time . I took my laptop to the Apple store and they were able to download the font from an internet site that I have since been unable to find . However , once installed , the game is skippy and the audio sped up . I am sooooo frustrated and unhappy . This was a great game , and I need it for my fourth grade Oregon Trail unit . This information is not stated when you purchase this game - so I hope this post can get moved to the top of the list . IF ANYONE KNOWS HOW TO FIX THIS ISSUE -LRB- please do n't say Google New York 18 - been there - done that - for hours -RRB- I would appreciate the help so much . Sueadel@me.com
 Owned this once before -LRB- older version -RRB- and the kids loved it . Bought this version hoping to have more fun but it will not operate on the Windows 7 platform , nor will any of the recommended games by Learning Company listed on Amazon that other people have bought . Would like to know when the Learning Company has upgraded it to play reliably on the current software platform - then I will buy it again .
 I found this game very dissapointing , and this is why1 -RRB- I had to instal another program on my computer which lowers pixels to even play the game2 -RRB- When you buy items at the stores - they have the most pointless stuff which got me confused . They have a store for spices - so i assumed I needed some . Not once did i use anything like that . I didnt use my telescope , my saddle , my games , nothing . I used 10 % of the things i bought . They introduce new items to make it look cooler but you dont use them .3 -RRB- They dont tell you what the weight of the carriage can hold when you buy things . So I would buy all this stuff and find out that my wagon couldnt hold it when id try to start the trail , so I would have to sell it back for 1/3 the price . Then i would go and try to leave again and it would say `` Your wagon is too heavy . '' Well HOW MUCH DO I HAVE TO TAKE OFF ? They dont tell you . They never will .4 -RRB- The game takes too long to get started . In the old games it would take 3 minutes . On this game it took FOREVER . Im surprised they didnt make me type bio for each of my of my riders . geez .5 -RRB- The game takes so long to finish that you get so sick of everything . By halfway i was speeding through everything letting people die just so it could end . Boring boring boring game . Never again will I play it . Never .
 If you have a computer that is more than 2 years old do not purchase this . It does not wok with that machine . I know it has been stated before , but this software is made ONLY for older machines . Do not listen to the product description when it states that is work with Win 7 .
 This program does NOT work on the newer Macs ! It requires an older font that is not included on the OS X operating systems , nor can you buy it or download it anywhere - Basically , you need an older operating system to copy it from - Going to call MAc in the morning , but as of now , looks hopeless - Give it a quick google search to see the complaints for yourself - Wish I had before buying it!PS - Nor can I get it working on my older PC that runs Windows XP - It starts up , then gives me an operation error & shuts down - Sad for such a educational game that the kids love playing .
 I 'm having problems with this game working on my computer . I use Windows 7 and I have a large flat screen computer monitor and I 'm not really such which one is causing the problem . It 's as if the game does n't fit the screen correctly and I can not find a way to modify it . Perhaps some who are more computer savvy would know a way to fix that but I 'm at a loss .
 This is a very , very old version that will not play on modern computers -- I was never able to install the game -- I have since learned from the internet that this is a common scam -- I would still like to purchase a copy of Oregon Trail that works on Windows XP ...
 These games are not compatible with windows vista even though amazon states that they are , when you get it delivered it says right on the cover which platforms it will work on and vista is not listed . Be very careful when trying to buy games for vista .
 i recieved the disc very quickly . . it just wouldnt work . . i was able to download it but when i tried to play it would freeze up .
 this game will not work and when you call the company you ca n't talk to a real person.and they sent me an email to tell me what to do but it did not work
 I tried to order this through on-line download directly from Learning Company/Broderbund . Their downloads did not work , no matter how many times I tried to install their `` smart download '' software . Their customer service is not available outside of business hours , and are rude when you do reach them . Maybe a CD via Amazon merchants would have been a better idea ...
 Upon downloading it to my computer , I could only got to Step I , and could not play the game at all . This is the reason for the low scores on my review of the game . How would I go about returning this product ?
 I bought this software for my 5 year old who has 3 + years computer experience . Even at the easy level she had difficultities . I tried to work it but became easly discusted as it does not flow . I gave the CD 's to a friend 's daughter who is 81/2 and she said it is too hard so her brother who is 13 and a computer wiz and he did not like it . It is rated for a 5-10 year old . It makes no sense that software written for a 5 year old would satisify a 10 year old and vise versa .
 I would n't buy this for my kids . Thankfully it was a gift for my 8-year old daughter . She tried to play it on her own at first and could n't really figure out what to do , I guess she did n't read or listen to the instructions . The instruction file was enormous and complicated to follow for the specified age group . I played it on my own later to see what in fact this was all about . I solved the mystery and actually enjoyed myself , then my daughters -LRB- 4 & 8 -RRB- played it and the mystery was exactly the same for the next 3 times they used it . Maybe I have n't found how to change the level of difficulty , but I felt that everything was too obvious and not really a `` mystery '' . I felt the kids were being humored and this game was really dumbed down . We have n't picked it up again since then , it has been a couple of weeks now . They 'd much rather stick to `` Clue Finders '' and other such programs or the written word than play this game . They may give it another shot soon . Bottom line , this game just does n't suit our tastes .
 This Pinnacle product is not worth your time . First computer I installed the software on would lock up the computer , requiring a reboot . I never did get it to operate on that computer . Tried to install the software on another computer and got it to work . I tried to copy some video with it but the picture was choppy . Also the longer the recording went , the sound started to run behind the picture . I sent this item back to Amazon . I did try Pinnacle support and they were very tough to get in touch with and not much help . Both installations were on computers running XP Pro . This product is a great idea too bad it does not work properly .
 I do n't have anything to compare this too , but I 'm into hour 4 and still not one video has been transferred . Extremely disappointed . I 've had to download mutliple patches , and I think that the equipment may be defective . I 've spent hours pooring over the `` support '' web page . I 'm hesitant to use up my ONE free support phone call . I will be charged for any subsequent calls .
 If I can keep one person from purchasing this POS , it will be worth writing the review . I have purchased hundreds if not thousands of computer software and hardware products and this is the first time I have been compelled to give a review . This experience brings back memories of clumps of hair in my hands from the last pinnacle product I bought many years ago , apparently , nothing has changed.First :2 out of the 3 CDs will not mount . Unreadable . Checksum errors , etc. . Tried on 3 different machines , 4 different DVD ROM Drives.Then I go to their web site to download the product : What a losing proposition this is . I ca n't even find the name of the product on their web site `` Pinnacle DVD Maker Deluxe `` I finally find the product that was on one of the two bad disks and I downloaded it . 1.3 GB Download , whew.Then I install it , it asks me for the serial # , I put it in ... -LRB- BUZZER SOUNDS -RRB- Bad serial number . Checked it 10 times.Another 30 minutes on google , finds me a support article on Pinnacle 's site ... If your serial number is n't working for version 10 , contact us and we 'll get you a new one . Ooops their tech support is closed . So much for that.Try the hardware on another machine : All I bought this thing for was to capture video , so I thought I could use the USB device on a 6 day old XP machine . Wrong . Does n't work with Vegas or Windows Movie Maker , altough both try . Time out error . Updated to latest XP drivers . No go.So I try to use the one application off the CD that did install on my Vista machine . Instant DVD maker or something like that.This thing is really buggy . Lock ups , garbled video , etc.Downloaded latest Vista hardware drivers and the program itself , no change.I 'll be returning it first thing tommorrow . Hopefully they will take it back , if not , I will be taking a match to it and pretending its a $ 50 bill , pretending I have money to burn so I 'll feel better.Later .
 I really needed to create a DVD and this software seemed like it would be ideal . Do n't waste your time or money . It froze up 2 computers , and the program itself would n't even record the DVD , it stopped at the very first step each time and locked up .
 The tech support is terrible . You can not reply to any e-mails and the product DOES NOT WORK . Total rip off .
 Nothing but trouble with horrible picture quality when it does manage to function correctly . Do n't waste your time or money on this product .
 PLEASE do not waste your time or money on this software . It is utterly inadequate for the most basic tasks of tracking `` which customer owes you how much money for how long '' -LRB- accounts receivable -RRB- . Buy some real bookkeeping software instead of this ersatz , cheap , poorly-written application . If you just want a pretty invoice , you can do that BETTER in your own word processor ! It 's discouraging that the publisher of this program continues to sell such junk . For 40 bucks , you probably wo n't even bother to demand a refund . Since each copy costs about a dollar to produce , that 's quite a profit .
 The product did not work at all with my Ipaq hand held unit . Customer service not very good at all . Bad product overall .
 Buyer beware ... if you have other Nova products such as Scrapbook Factory or an earlier version of this product , you can not load it without taking out the other products . Tech support advised me that I needed to take out Scrapbook Factory . They did n't know if I would be able to re-load it ????? Also , on the support website be wary if you go into msconfig to disable software if you are having a problem loading this program . This program has really created issues on my computer and I ca n't even use it , unless I want to remove Scrapbook Factory . As far as product review , I own the product but unfortunately ca n't use it !!
 Since I am a new user with this software , I do n't know if it 's me or the program that is lacking something . Program states you can customize the size of paper you are using but I ca n't seem to get that to work . Also , what looks to be centered on screen does not print out that way.My old American Greetings program is so user friendly and this program is more like using a Photoshop program -LRB- too many bells and whistles -RRB- for a greeting card program . The only reason I purchased it was because of the custom paper sizing option .
 Although this program does a nice job on cards forget it when printing envelopes . It wo n't print # 10 at all and it wo n't preview or print some of the other sizes . So what good is a nice card if you ca n't get an envelope for it to go in .
 I hoped that this mobile version of Filemaker would be up to the standards of Filemaker 5 , but it fell far short . FM mobile allows you to transfer only 20 fields of your database . Furthermore , you ca n't transfer calculation fields and you ca n't use pop-up menus.There 's probably more that ca n't be done , but I returned it before I could find out . FM Sync/JFile is a sync/database application that allows more fields and does n't have the other limits of Filemaker mobile .
 Filemaker Pro is a great product . It 's power lies in its relational capabilities and its scripting and calculation capabilities . I have been able to generate solutions to data storage and data relationships that even take me by surprise . The capability and flexibility of the product to layout information is better than any other software I 've used.These are just some of the reasons that Filemaker Mobile is a dissapointment.A new user of Filemaker Pro may start by building flat databases that are little more than lists of items . Pretty quickly , however , the power of the product becomes apparent , and the user will be using relationships , calculations and scripts . Filemaker Mobile gives you none of these capabilities , and if you buy it , you 'll be stuck where you began
 There must be something than this better out there . Though it says it 's compatible with Windows 95 + , the download version does n't install properly on Windows 98 and the technical support team is a joke . Once you get it installed , the Palm-side databases are limited in function .
 I just spent -LSB- dollar amount -RSB- on a product that announces itself as an upgrade . After purchasing it and trying unsuccessfully to install it in my computer , I called Adobe and was informed that I had purchased the wrong upgrade . The wrong upgrade ? Yes , you see , I have a PC with Premiere LE installed in it . And Adobe markets an upgrade for that specific software package . The upgrade I bought , of course -LRB- ? -RRB- , is intended only for folks who already had Premiere 5.0 installed in their computers . Oh ? How would I know that before buying it ? There 's no indication on the advertising which Amazon uses for the product -- and I 'm sure that Amazon is only using what Adobe provided them.I 'm going to try to return the package to Amazon -- but it 's really not their fault that Adobe 's packaging is so unclear . -LRB- There is no indication in the description Adobe provided Amazon . Check it out for yourself . The actual package that arrived does indicate , in small print on a sticker , that it was intended for licensed users of 5.x . Even then , however , it does n't say that it is not compatible as an upgrade for LE . If it had said that , I would n't have opened the package and tried to install it . Since it did n't tell me , I made the wrong assumption that the note about 5.x was to reassure those people that the upgrade would work for them , too . -RRB-
 I have Adobe Premiere 6.01 and while it has good intentions , it is the `` buggiest '' program I 've ever used . If you take one step forward , Adobe will take you two steps back . Fix one problem , two more will pop up . Playback problems , exporting problems , editing problems ... Adobe should have kept this one until all the bugs were worked out . If you need proof , visit Adobe.com and browse through the hundreds of fed up customers on their Forum page . Ulead Media Studio Pro is a lot less painful to use , and you get the same results .
 Tried to install this program , could n't it is defective.tried to get support from adobe , which is like asking for a kidney.sent multiple emails to ctraltdelete computers , which resulted in no help , andI still cant get information about returning it and getting a refund , they onlyavoid that subject.all in all , the program wont install due to defective merchandise , and thecustomer support deserves a zero rating .
 trust me , msp is the worst , just get the demos of this and msp 6 and you will find out , it renders 5 times longer -LRB- on my AMD/Athlon , 1.3 Ghz , 256ram , 60gig hd -RRB- than MSP 6.0 VE . This is not a good buy , you will be definetly disappointed .
 I have a 1 GHz + system that is a little over 1 years old and I am using W98 . I liked the Disk Minder -LRB- comparable to ScanDisk -RRB- feature which performed well -LRB- I think -RRB- and fast on my 19 Mb hard drive.However two other features turned me off . Crash Guard did not work at all and Discover Pro repeatedly froze my system and forced me to power down whether I tried to run it from an installation on the hard drive or from the CD ROM.All in all I found nothing exceptional about this product .
 I do n't know how this product performs , because no CD program was even in the box , not even a booklet of instructions . How can you be sent any empty box ?
 This is a horrible product Do n't get it . It will not let you get the graphics to put into your projects . When you try to print it will freeze up your computer . I bought two copies of this thinking well maybe one was just broken . Nope they 're both broken and it is awful . Spend your money and get something really good . it is not this .
 Take caution with buying Operating Software on Amazon.I would advise anyone attempting to buy an Operating System over the internet to think three times about your decision . There are a gamet of scamers out there selling unregisterable copies of Microsoft Operating System Products . If the site you are trying to buy the software from does not list the company name , or seller name , or company address , or telephone number you should be weary of getting involved . I made a recent purchase of a Microsoft O.S. product only to find out that it was a copy never meant for the general public and was not registerable with Microsoft . I did manage to get my money back and send the product back to the seller . I would advise you to buy locally on this kind of product .
 What I wanted was EXACTLY what the title stated
 I took a chance and went by the description and model number of the product that was advertised . After I placed the order I sent a email to the seller just to make sure I would be getting what was advertised . Well it seems this is a restore cd . This is not what is advertised ! The seller said in his email to me that it stated this was a restore cd in the advertisement . Know where could I find this . I hope the seller will make things right and take this product back and send me what is advertised on Amazon . I will follow up when everything is sorted out . For now I suggest to avoid this seller at all costs . They advertise one thing and send another .
 It may have been good in it 's day but was too old for my version of Windows ... I 'm running Windows XP Professional Edition and got a pop-up alert that the version I was running was newer that the one I was trying to install .
 The people who had send me this gave great service , but to comment on the product ; the pictures and box looks pretty , but the software is very old fashioned . I would not recommend .
 I cant install the fonts and the extra art CDs dont work . I 've tried to talk to customer support about it , but they do n't know whats going on.Oct19 - 2009This is an update to my review . customer service has been working with me on this over the last couple of months , although it is taking A LONG time , the admin is extremely nice and has tried really hard to solve my problems . Keep in mind that if you have Vista , you will need to move the fonts out of the C program folder in order to install them . Once i solved that , for some reason , other things started to work for me -LRB- really not sure why -RRB- . I still get some error messages , but I am able to read art from the other CDs . Once it started working I found that this is a very valuable program . I really only bought it for the fonts . There is a ton of clip art in here too .
 In earlier version of Ghost , you could create a bootable floppy and run a standalone backup . That allowed you make a `` forensic '' quality backup of a hard drive to CD-R , DVD-R , a ghost image on another drive , or a disk-to-disk backup . It even let you change the partition sizes during a restore . In Ghost 10.0 , you no longer have a standalone backup capability.I purchased Ghost 10.0 so I could back up a Linux system . Symantec 's literature claims that you can back up Linux ext2 and ext3 file systems using Ghost . When I discovered that you can not do this without first installing Windows , I called customer support . By the way , you have to have a Visa card in hand to talk to someone in customer support . They confirmed that the only way to back up a Linux system is to install Windows , then install Ghost inside of Windows . Duh ! Oh , and Ghost 10.0 only runs on Windows XP and 2000 . Why not provide backup capability from the bootable CD-ROM ? It appears to me that the purpose of forcing you to install the product in Windows is so they can enforce their Product Key licensing scheme . You can only use the product key on a single Windows installation . Once you use the key , you can not reinstall it on another system . If you do n't activate the product , you ca n't do backups . It appears to me that Symantec spent more time and effort on anti-piracy than they spent on improving the product . In my opinion , they removed the most useful feature in Ghost , bar none , when they took away the ability to create a bootable floppy allowing you to run standalone backup.I will never buy another Symantec product in my life . In fact , I plan to actively discourage others from doing so .
 If you are planning on buying any of ScanSoft 's Dragon NaturallySpeaking software , I would urge you to first visit their website ... to read up on their pricing scheme for tech support.I quote , `` You may contact ScanSoft Technical Support by email through the support section of this web site . Fill out a Problem Report Form and a response will be sent in a timely manner upon receipt . Each incident entered from the Problem Report Form with be charged $ 9.95 . Email is a lower cost option to telephone support . `` Nine dollars and ninety-five cents to get them to answer your tech support questions on their products ?!? But that 's not the worst of it . Notice the last sentence of that quote . `` Email is a lower cost option to telephone support . `` Is it ever.I quote further , `` One free technical incident '' support call per customer is allowed , each `` Additional incidents $ -LSB- money -RSB- each '' ; that 's -LSB- money -RSB- cents for each additional call!Consider yourself lucky , version 5 users do n't even get the first free call.So what does this mean ? It means that if you do n't get all of your problems solved in one phone call , or , heaven forbid , you have a problem somewhere down the line , you get the privilege of paying ScanSoft ... for any tech support you might need getting their product to run -LRB- and that 's per call -RRB- . I wish you luck if you go ahead and buy this product ; but please , do n't just take my word for what I 'm writing ... do yourself a favor and check out their website for yourself first .
 I am running both German and English versions 4.0 and thought upgrading to 6.0 with Windows XP would be a good idea . Forget it ! The program froze ! I uninstalled and then reinstalled . Now , it would ' t accept the product key printed on the box . There is no support . I send the product back , losing -LSB- the cost of -RSB- S&H. ; If you buy , you are in for a rough ride !
 I purchased this product for my 9-year-old daughter to make it easier for her to get started on her creative writing . She went through the required voice recognition training program . Once she began to dictate , the computer wrote gibberish . I had her train the program some more ; it still wrote gibberish . In case the problem was her child 's voice or problems with her reading skills during the training process , I signed on as a new reader and tried to train the program to recognize my voice . It did better than it did with my daughter , but it still made a lot of errors . I suppose this product might work if you 're willing to invest a significant amount of time on voice recognition training , but it requires more than we have the time and patience for . This is NOT an `` open the box and get started right away '' type of product.By the way , it 's advertised as being compatible with Windows ME , but it did n't work on my daughter 's computer -LRB- even though it had the minimum system requirements -RRB- . I had to load it onto my newer Windows XP machine.Perhaps this program works for those who are willing to put in the time it takes to develop accuracy in voice recognition , but for now I consider the technology to be a promise that has yet to be fulfilled .
 Apparently , they purposely donft give you the CD key when you buy the software so that you will have to use up your only free incident in order to get it.And , of course , you have to call long distance and wait in a queue for something that should have come in the box.And donft bother to ask for this to not count as your only free incident . Apparently , they are prepared for that request .
 I have the free trial from the ulead website , this software has really nice customization features for the menus , but other than that its no good . Whenever I finish setting up my dvd and try to burn it my computer freezes , I cant make an image of the dvd either . My computer is a Sony Vio 2.66 ghz with 512ddr ram so I 'm almost positive its not my computer causing the program to be non responsive . Since there is a free trial available at ulead.com definately try it before you buy it or you will most likely be wasting a lot of money .
 This is the buggiest video software I 've ever used !! I can not get it to complete a project after spending a whole evening creating a nice menu . It constantly crashes when trying to test it . There are some serious problems with this software that Ulead has yet to fix , and I 've been waiting for nearly a year now ! When you talk to them about it , it 's obvious that they do n't know what they 're doing . I wish I could get my $ 300 back - what a waste .
 For the price , this product is definitely not worth it . The help files included are a joke . I was having trouble with dropped frames , so I looked under dropped frames and it says `` Displays the total number of frames that were dropped or lost during capture . '' It does n't say a thing regarding an explanation what causes dropped frames or how to resolve the issue . This software reminds me of the stuff you would find in the discount rack in a jewel case for 9.99 at your local computer superstore ...
 For the price , this product is definitely not worth it . The help files included are a joke . I was having trouble with dropped frames , so I looked under dropped frames and it says `` Displays the total number of frames that were dropped or lost during capture . '' It does n't say a thing regarding an explanation what causes dropped frames or how to resolve the issue . This software reminds me of the stuff you would find in the discount rack in a jewel case for ... at your local computer superstore ...
 The software initially seems good as everything is easy to use and there are allot of features.But when you take this software to a production environment , the bugs start destroying your day . Crashed and corrupted files is the biggest headache . How would you like to work on a file all day , just to have it crash and become corrupted ? This happens at least three times a week for each person ! We backup the drawings every hour to a new file . Why always to a new file ? Well , somtimes you think you are working on a good file until you close it and then later can not re-open it . You then have to trace back through all the versions to see when it got corrupted !
 We started with Version 4 and continued to buy updates in the hope nuisance defects we encountered would be repaired . The frustration level became so high -LRB- IMSI sure as hell was no help -RRB- , our best detailer quit in disgust . While most certainly not the only flaw , the show-stopper was lack of dimensional accuracy , in what appeared to be a random basis . As an easy example
 The claim that this product will read email has proven false in my experience . There is no way to read outlook express or outlook . The text to speech feature will not work with anything but word -LRB- You can forget about chat programs too -RRB- . I spent hours in thier knowlege base and found nothing useful . I suppose I could call them for a $ 20.00 dollar fee , but that stinks of extortion and I will not pay another penny to use a product that does not meet the claims of the author right out of the box . I will send it back and find a better way to spend $ 180.00 .
 Since the CD Key supplied with this piece of -LRB- insert profane noun -RRB- `` is not valid , '' I can not even install the software on my computer . So I go to the online site for help . And they want to charge me $ $ just to ask a question . It seems to me it 's them who owe me money .
 Voice recognition is a promise , not a reality and 6.0 demonstrates this fact . It will decades before one can truely dictate to a computer . Pass this one .
 as a previous user , I 'm a little disappointed
 It sure would be nice if Dragon worked out of the box , let alone if Dragon delivered the functonalities promised . In my experience , it did neither . -LRB- I am running Dragon 6 Preferred on an XP Pro machine using Word 2002 and Outlook 2002 . -RRB- Within an hour of use , I began having a problem in which Dragon declined to capitalize the first word of a sentence and failed to put a space between words . Resort to ScanSoft 's technical support site was dismaying . Contacting a technician by e-mail costs $ 10 . Contacting one by phone is $ 20 . I do n't know about you , but I feel that after spending $ 160 + on a program , and running into a major bug after only an hour of use , I ought to get some free tech support.Okay , so then I went to the technical notes section . Tried multiple searches . Nothing . Finally started scrolling through the list of recent tech notes . -LRB- A depressingly long list , I might add . -RRB- I found a recent tech note addressing the words run together problem , which included many of the search terms I had used in the search engine . Why the search engine did not pick this note up , I still do n't know . In any event , the note required me to download Service Pack 1 . Then it turned out that Service Pack 1 was only for Dragon Pro , not Dragon preferred . Hence , ScanSoft has NO fix for my problem.Additional problems developed thereafter
 If you are planning on buying any of ScanSoft 's Dragon NaturallySpeaking software , I would urge you to first visit their website ... to read up on their pricing scheme for tech support.I quote , `` You may contact ScanSoft Technical Support by email through the support section of this web site . Fill out a Problem Report Form and a response will be sent in a timely manner upon receipt . Each incident entered from the Problem Report Form with be charged $ -LSB- money -RSB- . Email is a lower cost option to telephone support . '' -LSB- money -RSB- to get them to answer your tech support questions on their products ?!? But that 's not the worst of it . Notice the last sentence of that quote . `` Email is a lower cost option to telephone support . `` Is it ever.I quote further , `` One free technical incident '' support call per customer is allowed , each `` Additional incidents $ -LSB- money -RSB- each '' ; ... for each additional call!Consider yourself lucky , version 5 users do n't even get the first free call.So what does this mean ? It means that if you do n't get all of your problems solved in one phone call , or , heaven forbid , you have a problem somewhere down the line , you get the privilege of paying ScanSoft ... for any tech support you might need getting their product to run -LRB- and that 's per call -RRB- . I wish you luck if you go ahead and buy this product ; but please , do n't just take my word for what I 'm writing ... do yourself a favor and check out their website for yourself first .
 I bought this product to help my visually impaired brother get better use from his computer.One of the things I wanted it to do was read his email for him . Contrary to the implication of its advertising , it does n't read the very commonly used AOL email.It also does not allow selection of a default print size on its Dragon Pad to be increased.Dragon is also very bad about providing on-line support unless paid for . I requested help on these two items agreeing to pay ; response was that the software just does n't do these things ; and goodbye.I do n't know how good later versions of ViaVoice are , but an early version was certainly able to read AOL email .
 Do n't buy this product . It did not meet my expectations . I purchased NaturallySpeaking 6.0 and I worked with it for about seven hours today in hopes of getting it working with some degree of accuracy . I spent over two hours `` performing additional training '' which consists of reading/recording on-screen passages to improve the accuracy of recognizing my voice . I ran the Acoustic Optimizer at least a dozen times after making corrections to dictated passages . Despite these steps , the program continued to make the same mistakes . It never seemed to be as dynamic at adapting to my corrections , as the product claims would indicate . The drop down Correction Menu would almost never have the correction choice that I was seeking despite making the same correction repeatedly and running the Acoustic Optimizer.I do n't think that the productivity gains I was hoping for from this product could ever be realized . I think that I would spend as much time making corrections to documents as it would take to type them the old fashioned way .
 When I was in college for art/graphic design , we were trained to draw on the computer using Macromedia Freehand version 9 , despite being told that Adobe Illustrator was the industry standard . I really liked Freehand however and got used to it.I now work in a company that uses Adobe Illustator CS . But I decided to give Freehand MX a try both because I had liked version 9 in college and because of the slightly lower price tag.The new user interface is a mess . I 've seen better designed looking programs that are freeware . I could n't find several toolbars without hunting and it appears several of the features in it that I liked in version 9 that set it apart from Illustrator have been removed . The art looks choppy and rasterized . When it 's saved for web it looks cloudy and murky . The user does not have the options of using any colors they wish but are forced to choose from a handful of limited and , in my opinon , mostly unattractive pre-selected shades.These are just the few things I 've found . I have n't had the patience to mess with it much more because I 'm so dissatisfied with it . I hope to take advantage of the comparitive price offer Adobe offers on Illustrator CS and get it instead . It might cost more , but it 's very much worth the price tag . Freehand MX is not . I 'm not even sure it 's worth $ 100 , much less the almost $ 400-500 dollars they 're asking .
 Dragon 's Goodies sold me a visably and functionally defective software disc , then refused to issue a refund . Buyer beware .
 This computer program did n't work . I bought it used , but still ... I was very disappointed . I recommend buying a new one . I wasted my money .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- These discs explain the upmost basic elements to Excel and Windows . These will only be for people with no knowledge of computers or are frightened of computers . But if that were true they probably would prefer a book instead of these CD 's .
 The software was not what I was looking for , unfortunately , I ca n't return it . I open it and installed in the computer .
 I 've designed some simple pages over the years from share and freeware programs , the last using Namo Webeditor V4 . I thought I was beyond the noob position but this program put me right back at the beginning.After importing an already existing site , it inserted a template format over all the pages . -LRB- Hand smacking forehead -RRB- While this option can probably be turned off or adjusted , I am forced to dive into help menus to understand the `` characteristics '' of this program.Maybe version 7 was simple to use . I have tried working with V7 .5 for the past couple months and have not been satisfied with the integration of the features . It does have some nice aspects but if I have difficulty doing simple stuff , the complex features do n't matter.To me this has a moderate learning curve . I 'm tired of trying to figure out the thinking behind NetObjects Fusion V7 .5 and will keep searching for another web page development program . : -LRB-
 Having read many of the reviews , I believe that the high ratings given to this product are given by people who are already using Net Objects products or have experience in building sites.Never having built a site or used any program like this , I find Fusion difficult to use and the help available is poor at best . The `` Getting Started '' book is very limited and the `` Help '' that comes on the cd is hardly helpful . Many times , the help section simply states what can be done with the software rather than describing how to do it . I have contacted the `` Support '' at Net Objects only to receive conflicting answers to the same question.I have been trying to learn Fusion for two weeks now and have yet to figure out how to change a background on a site page.This software is very frustrating and in no way easy to use .
 I bought this program based on the reviews that it recieved on Amazon.com , but I wish I would have investigated further ! The program is easy to use and the graphics are different . But , While working on my website with this program I lost weeks worth of work because of some glitch in the programming . The first time I lost evrything that I saved . Everything was just gone when I opened it the next time . After starting over from scratch , I lost everything a second time when it saved all my pages as My Home page . I lost my photo galleries and everything else ! I do not reccomend this for some one with a low tolerance for frustration !
 I 've been using this programs since release 2I bought 2 3 4 5 and 7 and have recently updated withthe latest patches and STILL its got more bugs than an anthillI 've just trashed itit totally refuses to even import single pages that that display fine in IE6 ... pages it created in the same version of itself !!! It refuses to even import its own . nod project files created just 12 months agoI 've now lost 4 entire web sites because I assumed having backups of this things project files would keep them safethey cant or wont provide fixes and despite 7 attempts to get them to stop they keep spamming my email addressavoid this company and its projects like the plaguetry dreamweaver it may be more complicated but at least it doesnt keep trashing your workit took these people 6 releases to even get the HTML < center > command to work correctlyjust amazingly bad in every respect for anything other than simple 1 or 2 page sites with nothing on them
 This is a terrible item . Although it is fairly easy to use the item suffers because it is restrictive in that it only allows you to automate uploadig if you use an NOF server , and they can range from $ 80.00 to over $ 100.00 annually
 Omnipage Pro 12 loves to crash . So much so , that it is impossible to batch convert a folder of files to Adobe Acrobat . pdf `` image with text '' , which is the only really useful Adobe Acrobat format . Here we are in the year 2003 , and software developers still have n't figured out how to gracefully exit their programs when the unexpected happens . Ominpage Pro 12 simply can not deal with Adobe Acrobat . pdf formats well . Review the user groups on Scansoft 's website , and you will see two major problems with its Acrobat compatibility . The first is when using Scansoft on an existing . pdf image file . Importing the . pdf file , capturing the text , and saving the file as . pdf `` image with text '' -LRB- which is supposed to save the ORIGINAL image with searchable background text -RRB- causes the image to degrade . Do n't ask me why , but the image in the output file is not the same quality as the imported . pdf image . So to work around this issue , I started scanning our documents into . tif format -LRB- 600x600 -RRB- on our high speed scanner , and then importing the . tifs into Scansoft , for conversion to . pdf `` image with text '' . The resulting . pdf files were graphically sharper than when I had imported existing . pdf files . The big problem is that running the Omnipage Pro 12 `` Schedule OCR '' on the folder of . tif files , Omnipage Pro 12 simply crashes at random places in the conversion process . No graceful exit . No warning . To summarize , Scansoft 's Omnipage Pro 12 is inadequate to save files as . pdf `` image with text '' . It crashes . And this happens on both a Windows 98 PC and a Windows 2000 PC , so it 's not a PC-specific issue . Scansoft wants to charge you money to submit a problem form . Imagine , paying them to spend time addressing their own mistake ! This is a bad way to conduct business .
 I 've used Omnipage since version 9 , and always it has been the same story -- Good software that is a nightmare to install . The best advice is to wait until the first patch comes out.I 've installed and reinstalled this version numerous times , always with the same result -- it works once , then freezes up after that.Don ' t look for help from Scansoft support . Although there are messages posted describing this problem , there 's no fix.Not good .
 I like the new batch mechanism , which has an `` output file per input file '' option . I have n't particularly noticed a stability problem -LRB- Win2K SP4 + OP12 SP1/2 -RRB- . However , the deal with the PDFs is this
 I was very interested in purchasing this up grade because I have Pagis Pro Millennium and it works just great . You can scan , copy , fax , ORC the works.If you are a previous owner of Pagis Pro , you will be so disappointed that you will want your money back once you try Version 12 . The ORC is worse that Pagis Pro and all you can do is scan . I had to make some documents real quick and got so frustrated with Omnipage Pro 12 Upgradeby ScanSoftthat I got out my Pagis Pro CD and loaded it back on and used it . I was done in nothing flat.Had my copies and scans done without being tormented by the ORC package in Pro 12 . I recommend you do not buy this product and let them come up with a real upgrade . If you can find a way to try before you buy , do it . You will see what I am talking about.Student , Indiana University of Pennsyvania
 I bought the item used , so I paid virtually nothing for it . Under those conditions , I 'd have to say I 'm satisfied with it . But I would not recommend spending any more than you 're willing to waste on an annoying , slim-featured , slow and unreliable application.Sometimes it will open an MS document . Sometimes it wo n't . Because it 's java based you need to make sure all your file and folder names , in the entire document hierarchy , follow rigid file-naming requirements . No spaces , no slashes , no special characters , and so on . Even when opening a properly-named document at the root level of your hard-drive , however , at times the document inexplicably opens up as a blank page . A day or two later , the same document might open perfectly . This happens not only with documents translated from MS apps , but with documents actually created in Thinkfree Office itself.The interface and features are more those of an html editor than a word processor , or spreadsheet , or slideshow creator.Although it can be used to create passable alternatives to MS documents , it has very few features of the actual MS programs . Expect problems and inconsistencies if transfering files between Thinkfree and MS Office users . The look and even the data may change in inexplicable ways.It is extremely slow . When you open a document , it will seem as if the computer or the application may have hung up or failed . Even more confusing , you can navigate to the open dialog while the application is in the middle of trying to open a document , so it seems for all the world like the document is not responding . But just keep waiting ... eventually the program will get around to making an attempt at opening the document . If you 're lucky , you might actually get a usable document in a minute or two . Or maybe a blank page . You can take bets while you 're waiting , if you want to make it interesting.In short , purchase this if you can deal with the annoyances and unreliability . It is useful for trying to open the occasional email attachment . But be aware that this is definitely not a professional-grade software package capable of handling business needs .
 I bought Mac version -LSB- my platform os9 .2 , 640Mb on iBook -RSB- It does n't work , Period . Ca n't open anything.Tech support does n't exist . You get one acknowledgementadvising all the usual stuff that you 've already tried , thenno more responses.Try icWord -- trial ver -- that works.AND , Amazon edited my review of it.What bums !
 In search of a Microsoft alternative ... purchased ThinkFree office . Loaded it and tried to run it . It locked up my PC requiring the use of taskmaster to free it up . I am running XP on a new Dell Dimension with 1 gig of ram - all other programs run flawlessly . Disapointing
 I just could n't get this program to run on my up-to-date XP system -LRB- click on the program to start it and nothing happens -RRB- , and I uninstalled and reinstalled it several times . Several queries to their `` customer support '' went unanswered . So I packed it up and returned it to Amazon for a refund -LRB- another good reason to buy from Amazon -RRB- .
 I purchased a full version CD of PCBackUp and received an evaluation CD.Everything was OK , until the time period expired.Then , I discovered that I needed to purchase the full version of PCBackUp.I am not a happy camper , right now .
 I found this product is not as good as V6 it does n't store Registry Keys and does n't restore to how it was when it was BackedUp to disk . Not as good at all with version V6 if you lost information all you had to do was restore with V7 you have to look for the restore only that the minimum stars is 1 I would give it 0
 Submitted Rebate which was rejected because I had only included the UPC code but not an inside flap of the box . It was stated once in the submission form but in 2 other areas they only asked for the UPC code.After reading the reviews , I do n't have any confidence in the software and will switch to Norton . At least they are a respectable company .
 I only used the trial version . At first it seemed pretty smooth . Nice features , easy to use . After a few days of daily incremental backups , it started hanging near the end of the backup process . 99 % done , 3 seconds to go ... . Had to kill the process to make it go away . I 'm assuming that once that started happening , the backup files created from that point on were incomplete/corrupt , but I 'm not sure.I tried to do a restore with the initial `` disaster recovery compliant full backup '' . It would n't recognize my USB drive as a place to look for the backup file . It said it would have done the restore TO my USB drive , but it was n't in the list of places to restore FROM . Restoring TO a USB drive would be pretty useless since you do n't boot up from an external drive , and wanting to restore FROM a USB drive is a pretty obvious good thing to be able to do ... That is , after all , where I had put all my full and incremental backup files . It will only restore from an internal hard drive or a CD/DVD as nearly as I could tell . Unfortunately my laptop does n't have a 2nd hard drive on which to put the backup files , and it 's pretty hard to do automatic backup of a 40GB save set onto CD/DVD . -LRB- I did n't feel like getting up at 03:00 Saturday mornings to babysit the weekly full backup and swap blank DVDs for it ... And I was n't too keen on burning 10 DVDs/week for backup either . That 's why I bought a USB drive ... -RRB- So I still do n't know if the restore function works.I tried contacting support by email and by phone to ask about these 2 issues . I was on hold on the phone -LRB- on a non-800 number call -RRB- for about 15 minutes when I gave up and left a message . Neither email nor phone messages were ever responded to.Save yourself the time . Do n't even bother downloading the trial version . It will cost you time and wo n't get you any further in your quest to find a backup solution .
 Occassionally crashes for no apparent reason . After every backup completes , a dialog reading '' ... completed with errors ... '' appears , but no details show up and no error messages appear in the log . It 's impossible to find out what the problem is . Very poor .
 Several year ago , I upgraded from v6 to v7.I agree with many of the other comments here - plus I am adding one additional foible
 Do n't waste your money . This program is a piece of junk . They could not have made a simple back-up more difficult if they tried really , really hard .
 I agree 100 % with `` luvinlife1960 - I should have read actual user reviews . '' . I did a backup with poor software and I have try do restore it . Nothing work . I open a ticket on website . And nothing answer . I 'm astonished with other website have good reviews about this horrible software.SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I ordered backup by StompSoft , because I had one at home.You sent backup by Migo . I notified you . You sent me another shipment of the same thing , backup by Migo . And told me I would be charged for the second shipment , too , if I did n't return the one by some deadline . I am still evaluating the one to see if it will do , or just not do . I get limited access time at the customers site and backups take a long time and have to run off hours . Backups I get but auto scheduling is not yet working.Rich
 This program was difficult to use , with a counter-intuitive user interface , complicated scheduling sequences , and at least on my computer - faulty software altogether . Constant error messages , inability to restore individual files successfully , and time/date stamps that were reading the year 2047 , and no way to change that , etc. . . I bought this instead of Acronis True Image , because I wanted to save the $ 15 bucks . I figured as a single-computer , `` home '' use , I did n't need a program with advanced features.So . The question is , was the 15 bucks saved worth hours and hours of head-scratching , and months of lacking of true backup protection?Finally , I bought Acronis True Image Home 10 , and set it up and had it running to my needs in under an hour . It works , it 's professional-grade . Imagine your HD crashes . Imagine how much time you might have to spend to get up and running again . Is that worth skimping 15 bucks ?
 This backup software seems to be quite a bit slower than its predecessor -LRB- Backup My PC -RRB- . It took about 5 times as long to backup the same amount of data when I did a benchmark comparision .
 I made the mistake of reading online reviews , but not actual user experiences that were posted here and purchased this software . It takes this software literally DAYS to back up a mere 40 gigs . And other users are correct about Stompsoft 's absolute travesty of a customer support system both online and on phone . None of my emails have been answered , and I actually stayed on hold for TWO HOURS and got no answer.It 's a shame I ca n't get my money back . Try Memeo instead .
 Downloaded the trial version because of excellent review in Consumer Reports . After 5 + hours of running the backup stopped at 99 % complete , which another reviewer also experienced . Had to kill it with task manager , which said it was not responding . Emailed tech support and have not received any response after 24 hours . Both issues raise warning flags with me , given that other options exist . I will delete the product off my system and move on .
 This program is not for beginners . It says that it is user friendly , but that is far from the truth . I still do n't understand it and I have been in touch with their tech department . I have uninstalled it because I am going to try and find a back-up program that is easy to understand . If I ca n't I will just do a full recovery again . This back-up is a rip off .
 I had the older version -LRB- Backup MyPC -RRB- which worked OK , but was slow . Updated to the new version -LRB- free upgrade -RRB- . Worked for about 1 month , although was also very slow.Now it will not run a backup . Every backup is greated with the error `` Error in NSEngine Module and locks up at that point.There is NO support service . Posted to the website 4 times with no response . Called and was on hold for 1/2 hour . The `` on-hold '' message says to leave a message by pressing * , which does not work.I am searching for a better solution to backing up , but this is not it . One star is generous , because to get one star the program has to actually work.DO NOT BUY !
 Could not get the product to span disks when I have a lot of files to backup . Submitted tickets online to tech support for a month with NO response . Called corporate office and they said someone would get back to me . Still waiting .
 Tried to make the product work on a Windows XP Professional . It did not work . Tried to call Tech . service = was left on line 20 minutes without help 3 times . Called Better Business Bureau in Irvine CA and found out that company has an `` F '' rating and does NOT respond to.I will stop payment through my credit card.The product locked up both the product AND my computer EVERY time I tried to do a back-up . Even when closing all running programs , even though this is supposed to back up even running programs.STAY AWAY FROM IT . !!!
 Beware that if you do a Disastery Recovery backup and think you can completely restore your computer in the future , StompSoft 's PC Backup wo n't do that . It did not backup my Palm software or my Sierra software or anything else that was in in its own folder in the root directory . When I sent a note to their Help Desk , they were defensive and said that 's the way it works . I find it hard to believe that a Disastery Recovery backup wo n't completely backup your hard drive .
 Roots Magic Family Tree Genealogy Software , this software did not offer what I was looking for . Too difficult to read a large Genealogy chart clearly . For me it was cumbersome .
 Was n't impressed with this software . It 's not that intuitive or helpful . We ended up with another brand of software and love it . This one ended up in the trash .
 I recently bought RootsMagic on the strength of its Amazon reviews to manage the webs of geneological information that I 've gathered from my extended family . In my opinion , the product was useless - not for lack of features -LRB- it will let you search records , organize information , include pictures , and find relationships -RRB- but because its family tree display functions are virtually useless and because its useability and display are appalingly bad.On the first point , the charting features -LRB- which were the feature I was most excited about -RRB- are designed to display only direct ancestors and wo n't display siblings , aunts , uncles etc on the family trees . If , like me , you are interested in tracking the branches of your extended family - displaying your links to cousins and great-aunts , this program is not for you . You can enter information on them , but it wo n't present the linkages to these people in a useful form.My second problem is with the claims that the software is user friendly and intuative . It is n't . I 'm not saying this as a limited and hesitant computer user . I 'm saying this as a software product manager who uses and designs software for a living . Remember what user interfaces were like 15 years ago ? Lists of text , poor or non-existant graphics , no flexibility , and certainly no drag-and-drop ? Now you 've got the idea . If , like me , you 're entering geneological infomation from non-computerized records , the program will quickly make you wonder why your going to all the trouble . The interface is un-intuative and clunky , and your reward for your trouble is search functions -LRB- which I do n't need -RRB- and family trees that do n't display 90 % of the people you 've entered.Bottom line , do n't waste your time or money .
 I bought 2 of these just before Christmas ' 08 . It 's not even 3 months later and version 4 has just came out . You can test the beta for free , and that 's what I advise.This program is left-handed to use , and is missing standard necessary features ... for instance ... there is no military service breakdown feature . And while attaching photos and other multimedia is n't hard ... just try to take it with you ... !!! Hello rootsmagic people ... this kind of data is very important to genealogy ... and should I dare say ... BASIC INFORMATION !!! I bought 2 , one for my sister , so that we could exchange gedcoms , etc. . She bought Fam . Tree Maker a month later , and is much more pleased . I 'm wanted to give the program more of a test drive , and remain stuck with this dud.I 'm not saying to buy Family Tree Maker or Legacy over this ... just that you should try the version 4 beta for free , and see if their alleged new features will meet your basic research needs.The fact that RootsMagic 's tech support is limited to forum boards or snail mail queries should say it all . I wish someone said it to me before I parted with $ 60 + shipping for two copies.Bill H. -LRB- Rydal , PA -RRB-
 I spent quite a bit of time reseraching genealogy programs before deciding which one to purchase . Unfortunately , most software no longer includes written instructions but that 's particularly frustrating with ` specialty ' type s/w like this.If you 're in the market for genealogy software buy ANYTHING but RM . Version 4 was recently released and that 's the version I purchased . One of the ` pluses ' is supposed to be access to online help forum . If you use gmail -LRB- or like ` free ' email accounts -RRB- RM will NOT allow you to register & participate in their forums . They 'll sure accept that email address when you order & pay for product . I sent an email about registration issues -LRB- at least a week ago -RRB- and RM has opted to ignore me . At that point , I was going to return the product for a refund ; then thought I 'd already started entering data so ... what the heck.Next issue
 I have used Norton Antivirus for the last 5 + years and I decided to give BitDefender 9 a chance -LRB- I just upgraded to Bitdefender 10 and all problmes still are there -RRB- . After I installed it , it identified at least 5 viruses/trojans that Norton Antivirus 2005 had ignored . The down side
 I just purchased 4 licenses for this software after seeing that it had won 1st place in a few reviews . But , my experience has been terrible . Before I explain my problems , let me mention that I am a Network Administrator and Help Desk Technician Lead . So , I know how to troubleshoot computer problems well . Also , all 4 of my systems are different , so it is not an inherent problem with my computer model.Here are the problems I had :1 . Right after the installation , 1 of the 4 computers BSOD 'd . However , it was fine after rebooting .2 . File sharing was VERY slow after installing this software . After contacting BitDefender , I was informed that this was a known issue and an update had not been posted even though BitDefender had been aware of the problem for 1 month . I was also not given an approximation as to when a fix would be available .3 . 2 of my computers have been BSODing every 1-2 days . On 1 of the BSODs , Microsoft informed me that the problem was with a BitDefender file made by BullDog -LRB- probably a component BitDefender uses -RRB- . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I admit that Bit Defender AntiVirus v10 has a powerful Behavioral Heuristic Analyzer in Virtual Environments , which has been hailed as one of the most powerful available by numerous computer magazines . However , it puts a MAJOR strain on your PC 's resources -LRB- even with a powerful Pentium IV with 1 GB of high-speed RAM -RRB- . It slows everything down to a crawl.In addition -- and this is my MAJOR complaint -- it is imcompatible with other AntiSpyware programs . I recently experienced a Blue Screen after installing Bit Defender on my PC -LRB- which also has the free version of Zone Alarm , Webroot SpySweeper , Spyware Doctor , Sunbelt CounterSpy and Lavasoft Ad-Aware -RRB- . I know that Bit Defender was the culprit because the Blue Screen identified `` bdfsdrv.sys '' as the problem . Since then , I have received numerous Blue Screens -LRB- sometimes 2-3 per day -RRB- . Therefore , I immediately contacted Bit Defender customer support . They sent me an email , which stated `` We do not recommend using more than one security software . To minimize resources consumption -LRB- as all security programs access the same resources at the same time -RRB- and avoid any unpredictable situations such as errors , various malfunctions , computer slowdown , etc. we advise to use only one security program . `` I was appalled at this attitude that basically says that I should trust Bit Defender for ALL of my security needs - Antivirus , Antispyware -LRB- including trojans , keyloggers and rootkits -RRB- and Firewall - and that Bit Defender has no responsibility to make sure that their product is compatible with others.As everyone -LRB- including the people at Bit Defender -RRB- must realize , there is NOT one single product on the market that can block , find and delete EVERY form of spyware in existence , including trojans , keyloggers and rootkits . Therefore , it is necessary to have more than one antispyware program installed on your computer.Bit Defender needs to reevaluate their policy , and revise Bit Defender so that it is compatible with at least the MAJOR security products on the market . If they refuse to do this , then NOBODY SHOULD BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 if you buy this , you 'll still need another program to protect/identify spyware and other viruses . offers very low-level protection . identifies viruses and oftentimes ca n't even delete or remove infected files .
 I am a software tech - I suspect that the `` positive '' reviewer has ties to the company - The way he `` blasted '' the other negative reviewer!I did a `` short '' free trial on Bit Defender & did n't like it , for these reasons-1 . It automatically deleted 12 `` suspect '' cookies that were necessary for some sites -LRB- excite ... -RRB- . There was no way to individually ignore them , or get them back -LRB- not in quarantine ... ? -RRB- . BAH HUMBUG ! 2 . It flagged two trusted files as a virus , that were not -LRB- passed on by 3 other virus scanners -RRB- . There was no way to `` allow '' access to them -LRB- I tried ignoring the entire folder on scan , but then still could not open them -RRB- .3 . Was fairly slow scanning sent/received email .4 . Results from an independent tester - only got 79 % of `` polymorphic '' viurses.I 'm back to trusted Norton AntiVirus `` 2003 ! '' Gets 100 % & FAST ! The main drawback with ALL NAV -LRB- pre-2006 versions -RRB- , is that their MASTER `` Live Update '' virus definitions file , is usually only updated once-a-week -LRB- no matter how often you run it ! -RRB- . To get ALL `` daily updates '' -LRB- 0-20 new definitions , per day ! -RRB- - I manually download the `` daily completely updated '' `` Intelligent Updater '' large -LRB- 11mb + -RRB- file , every `` afternoon '' -LRB- takes me 11 seconds at 8000kbps -RRB- .
 What does BD have that norton and McAfee do n't ? Besides a program that actually works , BD has free customer support , free 24-7 online support , and free email support.BD found a Trojan and 2 viruses on my PC that I purposely put there to test it . Zone Alarm Security suite did not , Norton did n't and McAfee did n't . The only other program that also found these was Trojan Hunter.Now that Zone Alarm has gone south with its virus and spam protection , it seems the only thing they have going for them is their firewall.BD has proven itself , by my reviews and in many PC magazines , to be the best AV on the market.Lets hope it 'll still be that way in a year : -RRB-
 The audio on this game skipped and it ruined the fun of the game . My kids like the songs especially and when the song sounded chopped up , they lost interest . The Atari customer phone line is closed and their website only suggested to update the audio driver installed on your computer , which i did and it did n't help .
 In reviewing this program -LRB- bought on 28th July 2009 -RRB- I can do no better than show you the calibre of Translate 8 Pro Dutch by using its LEC LogoTrans automatic translation . The program proclaims
 I had high hopes for this video tutorial , and am left quite disappointed . The topics covered are done in brief , five minute -LRB- + / - -RRB- vignettes with very limited explanation of the data and how it relates to the feature being discussed . Essentially , you receive narration on what you see -LRB- i.e.
 Does not support newer IPods . Terrible support page . It would be nice if the company -LRB- Broderbund -RRB- explained to buyers that the product is no good on the IPod Classic , even though there is a picture of the classic on the box . I expected more from a company like Broderbund , a name I used to trust . Now I would never buy another one of their products .
 Just a word of caution . I have the 80gb Classic , and this would not work with it . I gave it away and have n't heard if it worked for my friend or not .
 I thought this would work , but it destroyed my hard drive . Norton thought I had a virus on my hard drive , and my PC is 2 days old ! I had to call hp , and order reformatting disks to get my pc back up and running . leave this one be , or you 'll be sorry you used it .
 I purchased this thinking it was a great deal for the price , at 25.99 how could you go wrong with 2.5 million items including clipart , sound , pictures etc. , right?When you get the box , it has 3 CDs containing a lite version of their Qpict indexing software and indexes which you must drag onto it in order to view the contents . It also has a card letting you sign up for 1 year subscription to Clipart.com . After dragging all the indexes into the program , I was astonished that it only had around 45,000 showing in the index . I called IMSI and spoke to a relatively condescending individual , who promptly told me that I was correct that there were only that many in the box , and that in order to get the 2.5 Million I must log onto clipart.com with my 1 year subscription . My response was , no where in your advertising of this product do you state that you MUST go online to get access to the full 2.5 million items . Advertising clearly misleads you into believing you are getting the 2.5 million with your purchase in the box . On top of that , no where does it say that you will be REQUIRED to pay to renew to clipart.com once your one year trial is up in order to continue receiving access to the `` 2.5 million '' that they advertise on the box . So given this information , what do you think they are trying to pull?This is definitely a buyer beware situation.They are allowing me to return this , but I am out the shipping both ways.Be very wary dealing with a company such as this with hidden costs and fees not advertised . My time and money have been wasted dealing with IMSI .
 I thought I had read all about this program on the Amazon site , but I was certainly surprised when the box contained only three disks and nothing else ! There was no manual , no instructions on what to do with the three disks ... NOTHING ! When I called the IMSI support site -LRB- free installation help -RRB- it took about fifteen minutes for the tech guy to come to the phone and he fumbled around trying to help me and finally said that he would send me instructions via e-mail. , which never arrived . The instructions are only for Windows , no Mac instructions at all . What a ripoff ! I am sending this dog back .
 There is very little that is `` interactive '' about this product . It is mostly a book online . The CD mostly shows you the pages of the book . The `` Chord Game '' is not interactive -- and it does n't even use the computer . It is played with flashcards that you have to cut out of the book . The interface for playing your guitar is weak . The sound quality is poor . Nothing is intuitive about this user interface . It requires much trial and error . This is a terrible product for beginners .
 The software would be about okay as Guitar tutor software but it does not include any well known songs to learn -LRB- unlike some other packages like eMedia 's Rock Guitar which I prefer -RRB- . Also , the Comp-U-Pare feature - the main reason I bought the software - does not work and actually crashes the software . There is a support website but it is terrible with lots of broken links on the website -LRB- that are supposed to go to pages on the website that are no longer at the given URL rather than linking to missing external pages -RRB- . In particular , there is a dead link that is supposed to download an upgrade .
 This is not user friendly at all . It came with 3 disks and no user manual . One of the disks has only sound files . The other 2 disks have images , but there was no way to search for what you want without clicking on each individual image . There also were not very many categories of images to even choose from . It was very disappointing . It does come with 1 year free access to clipart.com . I have n't tried that yet , but I was able to get the registration code just fine .
 Terrible program and no instructions for use . Tried the on-line help but even after mastering all the misspelled words I could not figure it out . Not at all as useful as the description . I have had ISMI products before so was very disappointed that this program is completely unfriendly as far as I am concerned .
 The content browser software `` QPict Lite '' does not work.The manufacturer , IMSI , has no free tech support for this problem.They have shipped a broken version of the application . If you download the trial version of the full QPict software , it works fine.IMSI is shipping broken junk and they wo n't even talk to you about it unless you pay them !!!!! STAY VERY FAR AWAY FROM THIS ONE !
 The software could not be installed on my eMac running OS 10.3.9 . There were no instructions and tech support was of no help . I was informed that there was minimal basic clip art on the CD 's and to obtain the 2.5 million clip art items you had to sign up to access them on line . Avoid this item .
 The item was shipped promptly , although the clip art was terrible .
 This product is practically useless ; boring images , no variety , and hard to use.And of course the only way to know that is to open the software and once opened it ca n't be returned . I wo n't be buying product from this company again .
 The discs did not even load on the machine , although they are said to run on a MAC Platform . There is no clear place to contact this seller to return this product
 This is actually an older software system offered by the company Transparent Language . It comes with 3 audio CDs
 I 've never seen such a confusing interface for educational software . Helpful in some areas , but using electronic flashcards where you mentally recall words and then have to see if you 're right yourself is pretty lame . The software actually displays `` Were you right ? '' and then you respond to keep your score . Another case of `` You get what you pay for '' I guess !
 If your into collecting a lot of ugly fonts & many `` handwritten '' style bogus fonts - then this pack is for you . Sorry to say that this was n't one of my satisfying buying experiences .
 ClickArt Fonts seemed to have printer fonts , different print styles to use for writing . I was especially looking for `` Papyrus '' . Instead of what I expected , I got a bunch of chakas that I will never use . It is totally useless to me and leaves me with the same need I had before buying it.M . Lutz
 I was extremely disappointed with this purchase . While the software download was very affordable , I found it to be completely worthless and a waste of the $ 7 I paid for it . I was hoping to be able to create Christmas cards and calendars with this program and was not able to do either . The selection of Christmas images was very limited and amateur and the calendar selection ended with the year 2010 ! I will be uninstalling this program ; what a waste .
 Do n't buy unless you just want to crop your pictures - that 's about all it 's good for . Has some backgrounds for pictures but not worth the money
 I was unable to burn a DVD of my slide show using this PhotoStudio Expressions . I was very disappointed since the slide show was to be used at a conference . What do I need to do to get a refund !!!!
 This software is not very intuitive . Very hard to use and get the results that you want . I would not recommend this software to a beginner .
 Nothing in this program stands out to make it any better then the software that comes with a new camera . It 's lacks most of the functions of the photo software built into Windows 7 and is not worth taking up the space on a computer hard drive.Any old copy of Photoshop Elements or Microsoft Picture It is a much better program with more features and an easier user interface . My kids were looking for more then this program supplied . I should have read further to see if all the features they wanted were available here .
 I now see that I should have read the reviews better . I wanted a calendar program that I could print pictures with . This to keep a feeding schedule for a King and Milk snake . Calendar ended in 2010 . Complained by email and was told
 I was needing to make business cards for my husband 's trucking business and found that there really was n't much for clip art in the form of Semi 's . I think if you were doing a different business card for something other than the trucking industry you will like it just fine .
 Company is out of business and left previous owners hanging . Bias uses challenge and responce authorization and when they close down the web site you are SOOL .
 For those people who think it does n't install on Win XP , IT DOES !!! so why do n't you all just get some microsoft updates and SP2 and try again . ON THE OTHER HAND , this product is horrible from a `` serious student '' and `` professional '' perspective . It does not go into very fine detals of all the organs . For example it only names the major bones , muscles , etc. but if you 'd like to know where the muscle attachments are , where the groves , necks , trochanters , and fossi are , then just save up this money and get a much better , hard-cover beautifl anatomy atlas . Human 3d is better , but again , not as detailed as grey 's anatomy for example which you can buy for 11.95 .
 I purchased this $ 40.00 12 cd Set . I wanted a cheap quick reference for my computer . I am a critical care nurse and a student for life.There is NOTHING good I have to say about this product . It is a piece of trash . It is really not even worth $ 5.00 . I was so dissapointed I called the company Megasystemsusa and spoke with the ahem `` president '' . He sounded like a used car salesman . He certainly was not going to give me my money back .
 I bought explore Human anatomy professional edition the 12 CD collection but I am very disappointed because only 6 of the 12 CDs are installing on xp . Even after they and sent me a third CD to try it did n't work . I got the message it is not compatible with windows xp . I thought it was compatible with xp because it says so on the package . It seems I was fooled buy the makers of professional edition of explore Human anatomy . Please buy something else if you have windows xp if not you will regret it .
 Zero Stars . Burn your money instead of buying this product . I tried to install on two different XP computers , Sony and Toshiba and it stopped on the 3rd CD . I was sent a new 3rd installation CD from the vendor , but it still would not install . Maybe it installs on previous versions of Windows . Do n't know , do n't care . Buyer beware .
 This is a fine program for children to learn . I was hoping to get anatomical pictures that I could use for lectures . Some of the picture are of poor quality . There appear to be sections missing and it is not indepth . It is markteted for professionals as well as home use . It is definately is not for professional use .
 This software was really easy to install but I was not impressed at all with the quality and quantity of information . It is NOT in depth and 3-D models are very limited . The figures are n't even in anatomical position . This software may be a good resource for gradeschool students but I do not think that `` professional edition '' suits the product AT ALL . All of the things that are included in this software could be found in any highschool anatomy book . Although I expected it , the software was really outdated and simple . I plan on sending the software back for a refund . Overall , it is not worth what I paid and I do not recommend it to college level students and persons in the medical field .
 After taking 20 billion cds and 4 years to install , it stilled did n't run right , and overall it is TERRIBLE ... Do Not buy this ... Pictures are general , no 3d shots , OVERALL a really bad product
 Terrible product . I wanted to used this to help me study for my anatomy class , but the software sucks . If I could , I would return it . Unfortunately after restocking fees it was more convenient to just leave it sittings on the shelf.Save your money and buy something else .
 We have been using Brightstore -LRB- CA -RRB- products for the last 7 Years and that 's about to change . Support is absolutely horrible beyond that of basic setup . TCO is very high for this product and reliability is not solid . We use Dell 128T and HP MSL5026 libraries , and we had to jump through a lot of hoops to get the software to run properly with very little help from support . The native database is extremely volatile and constant maintenance is needed to ensure good backups . I must admit running Brightstor with a single DLT drive connected to a server functions OK . But if you 're going to be backing up High capacity , sensitive data , I would recommend spending the extra money for a higher end product . Poor support , weak web support , a lot of man hours , and unreliable with Tape libraries .
 Simply a waste of money . It uses Codec iv50 video driver which is not installed in MS XP after Service pack 2 , vista or W7 . You can get it to run with a lot of messing around but you will still be disappointed . The computer players can Trade and Build houses out of turn which is just irritating and makes to play slow . Poor graphics , it is hard to tell where your token is on the board . It has some animation and voices assigned to the tokens ; I played it on mute because it was so annoying . While Version2 has the same codec issue , it plays much better .
 This game does not even attempt to bring back the atmosphere of the original Monopoly game . It has several design flaws ; the computer plays out of turn , the animations are not synchronized , and , worst of all , the `` voices '' in the game quickly become annoying.Another quirk is that the game fails to offer any method of changing the level of difficulty -LRB- e.g. , there is no difference in `` easy '' or `` hard '' -RRB- . Also , please note that this game was not written by the true Atari company ; instead , Infogrames have changed their name in order to establish a different reputation ... I think , however , that they are ruining Atari 's reputation !
 This game has several design flaws . For one , the computer constantly plays out of turn . This can be annoying when trying to make buying decisions . Secondly , the `` voices '' in the game quickly become old . You have the option of turning both this and the music off , which you may as well do , because both are of low quality . The music is that of redundant piano music ; in other words , annoying . Additionally , the difficulty options that allow for easy to hard playing do not differ ; I found no difference in difficulty when I chose easy or hard.Also , please be aware that this game was not written by the true `` Atari '' . Infogrames have changed their name to Atari to sound better , but it is still the same old French company that make bad games like this .
 While this game is top of the line fun when playing other people , I 'd have to recommend not playing against the computer . While playing the AI , my friends and I have noticed that the game cheats incessantly . The game allows the AI to build on your turn , but you can not build on theirs , It almost never lands on my property , but I land on it 's almost every go-around . the game allows the CPU to buy land -LRB- both for sale and on auction -RRB- even though it has NO cash and it offers outrageous trades . For example
 All in all , there is actually very little to praise in Monopoly 3 . The music is dull and after a few minutes begins to grate . The voices are annoying from the very start . The game , as noted in other reviews , cheats incessantly ; making it a game not worth having.The only reason to actually own this game is to play online with others . If you wo n't be doing that , and will only be playing against the computer , do n't bother . The game cheats to the point of absolute frustration .
 The 3-D effects and music quickly become annoying . The overall layout does n't work very well either . With the older version from Westwood , all the players and their property titles are easy to see and assess , and any trades allow you plenty of time to decide on whether you want to approve it or counter offer . When a trade is proposed by a computer player , there 's barely enough time to gauge what 's going on before the program moves on.If you enjoy Monopoly for the strategic aspects and do n't need all the special effects , get one of the older versions . Even the AI players are n't much different in the way they play , and if you 're not going online to play , you need AI players that are less predictable and more creative .
 Will not run correctly . Can not load the game . Called the help line and they could not solve my problem .
 I could not decide on one or two stars - decided on one . - Graphics : Marginal . - Game play : The characters talk almost in slow motion - annoying.The character vocies are low and the music is loud . - Irks : Ca n't save your progress , so you and your child must go through the beginning of the game over and over each time you play it.Hit the escape key by accident and the games quits - does not ask you if you want to - just quits ! - Dumb .
 Fugawi is offering version 4 with Pocket PC support for $ 99 . A much better deal I think.http : / / www.fugawi.com/docs/BRC-FUGAWI-GN-US-EN.pdfJeannette
 Who runs Windows 98 or ME anymore ? Nobody . This software will not run on ANY NT-based OS , including 2000 and XP . I 've tried . -LRB- . . -RRB- For Atari to continue selling this -LRB- I do n't care who they bought it from -RRB- is criminal.Do not buy this title unless you 're running a 9x-based machine . Better yet , do n't buy it at all or anything from Atari until they sell software that will run on operating systems that are not five years out of date . -LRB- . . -RRB-
 I 've got a dual boot 98/2000 system . It obviously would n't work under 2000 but neither would it run under 98 . The furthest I 've got is the end of the intro movie and it hangs . I went as far as reformatting the OS drive and reinstalling 98 and 2000 so they were both clean but it still does n't work . Working for a games developer myself I know how little work is involved in ensuring a game is compatable with new OS 's and more recent versions of DirectX . Releasing a patch would n't be too painful . But then Developers have a different agenda to Publishers . Do n't let the Atari monika fool you . This is the same old Infogrames under a new name to try to disguise their past from newbies . Despite the fact this game is still appearing in the shops they wo n't support it . I do n't know what their excuse is . The BBC has at least put in writing why they refuse to upgrade their games past win98/directX 7 . Because -LRB- apparently -RRB- most game players do n't use Win 2k or XP . Most game players use 98/ME . Excuse me ? Any games player who knows anything about getting the best from their gaming experience will be using 2k/XP , certainly not 98 or the abomination that is ME.In short ... if you 've recently bought a computer for your child , do n't expect this or other games in the series from the BBc or Infogrames/Atari to work without a considerable amount of effort .
 Santa brought this game to my 3 year old and let me tell you it sucked . I couldnt get it to work on any of the three computers I have -LRB- one of which runs Win 98 -RRB- . He stills cries almost daily to play the game and it has been over two months . I will not buy from Atari again it is not worth the nightmare of watching my Thomas fanatic son cry .
 If you buy this product and you have a problem , you need to understand that YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN.Repeated attempts to contact customer service and tech support were unsuccessful . My wife was on the phone for forty-five minutes . I was on the phone for over an hour . Repeated email contacts were ignored . I even engaged a local media outlet to help . One of the local radio stations has a host who has a computer news show . They ignored him too.What was the problem ? After the first installation , we could n't attach to their server to update the definitions . -LRB- Yes , we had an active Internet connection -RRB- . How do you like that . The software is out of date from the first use and you ca n't do anything about it.Finally , I gave up and bought one of their competitor 's products . You should too .
 I used Spyware Exterminator 2005 for the past year . Until about six weeks ago , I would have given this product a wonderful evaluation . After updating the spyware definitions , the program quit running . For the past six weeks , the technical support for this product has been unresponsive . I have sent in three different requests on their website . If they will not support their product , then you should not buy this software .
 I purchased ecomm store and I do n't like it . One thing is I did n't know that Trellian made this product until I received it . I thought it was made by trendmaster . I have a demo from Trellian it 's one of there products and I do n't like it either . Ecomm store freezes up , causing me to shut down many times when using it . I find it hard to use even when I downloaded the manual .
 was hoping to start an online store but would n't up load , no support and to costly to get running , just get a yahoo merchant account , cheaper and easier
 I bought this software at a Fry 's superstore . I previously read info about it on the Trellian website . After purchasing this for $ 39.99 plus tax I soon found out what a worthless piece of crap this software is . Furthermore you are forced to host it on their sight and pay extra monthly costs to recieve emails from your sales as well as a seperate monthly fee to have a simple product search engine on your site . Frankly if I buy a software for e-commerce I should not have to give a penny more to this company who made such a shabby software in the first place . Steer clear of this sucker .
 It would n't install on my vanilla XP Pro system , there 's absolutely no support on the Laplink site , and it trashed my Lotus Notes installation in the process.It may install and work great for others , but for some reason it has been a complete waste of -LRB- too much -RRB- time for me !
 After my initial sync I could not get PDAsync to transfer additional info between my Jornada 568 and Act 2000 . My attempts to retrieve usable info from Laplink 's -LRB- PDAsync 's parent company -RRB- so-called `` knowledge base '' and their tech support have , so-far , been futile.For tech support , you are permitted one `` free '' telephone call , then you must pay a price ... per incident/call -LRB- one call is approx . the cost of the entire program ! -RRB- . Do n't try to e-mail them either . They wo n't accept e-mails without first filling out their form , complete with a serial number . Of course , they do n't send out a serial number when you download the product directly from them ... even after purchasing it.So far , not only has this product cost me money , but it has cost me lots of time . Trust me on this one , pay a few more bucks and get Intellisync or Companionlink.There is a definite reason why both Laplink Inc. and PDAsync rhyme with `` stink '' . They are both rotten .
 PictureIt/Digital Image Pro Ver . 9 was better quality software . Version 10 made improvements on automating some tasks but made other fundamental functions work really badly
 I owned a couple older versions of this program . I bought this becuase my older software was n't compatible with my new XP operating system . I was very disappointed when I found Microsoft has dropped many of the functions such as artistic edges and text enhancements such as shadows . I loved these features and found they recommended an `` upgrade '' to the Digital Image Suite . I thoguht I would do this , but I found you ca n't `` upgrade . '' You have to buy the full version of Digital Image Suite for the full price . Ridiculus ! I went ahead and purchased Adobe Photoshop Elements . I recommend you do too .
 Microsoft had a great interface with Picture it 99 . It was intuitive and projects could happen quickly . Digital Image pro 9 -LRB- Which I upgraded to -RRB- removed some of the key features of the former software . Some of the most powerful features , being the ability to stretch text and make size adjustments in real time were taken away . Insane . Now all I want to do is go back to the former system . I tried to install MS Picture it 99 only to find that it would n't install with all the XP updates etc. . This is what I find discouraging about Microsoft products , just when you get used to a piece of software 's interface , they change everything and remove other key features . Pure stupidity in my opinion .
 Picassa , part of the Google suite of programs , is both better than this program and free ! What more do I need to add ? The user interface of Picassa is easier to use and more responsive .
 I think we got duped . This cd does even give us the product . The Snapfire plus `` can not be recognized . '' We have a very good Dell computer and it is all up to date . We have added and removed the program three times ... still not recognized and able to use.We will try one more time ... if still does not `` READ '' we will be returning to Amazon.Not recommended
 Total waste of my time & money . . it just does not live up to it 's hype
 Cost more to send it back than it 's worth . Do n't wast your money on this one . Try a internet site called BIGIQKIDS.com . Its free and fun even for adults .
 The program will not install . I get an error that says `` Access Denied '' and my Antivirus program says that it has malware on it .
 I read great reviews about this program and thought I 'd try their 30-day free trial . The program downloaded easily and installed without a hitch . But it hogged all of my computer 's resources so that I could n't do anything while it was turned on . It immediately started scanning and 9 hours later it was up to file 350,000 and still going . I turned it off so that I could do some work and discovered that when I tried to access Internet Explorer , it would open to my home page , but would immediately shut down as soon as I tried to enter a new address or do a search . Nothing I did would allow me to access the Internet . The only reason I gave this program 2 stars instead of 1 is that it uninstalled easily and completely and my computer is now back to normal .
 Conflicts with numerous programs including
 The rest of my programs would not function after I installed Kaspersky.I had to unistall it to get them to work again .
 An absolute disaster . I bought this product to replace Symantec Norton AntiVirus 2006 , whose subscription had expired and with which I was dissatisfied -LRB- a resource hog that makes the PC barely useable -RRB- . Unfortunately , Kaspersky constantly blue screens , initially with complaints about klif.sys but now the whole system is shot and I get random blue screens every few minutes . Fortunately I made a block by block copy of my hard drive to another identical hard drive -LRB- by booting Tom 's RTBT Linux from a floppy -RRB- before uninstalling AntiVirus 2006 and installing Kaspersky so I can go back to the way things were and hopefully get my money back for Kaspersky , the worst and most unstable software since DOS . Yes , I 'll renew my Symantec AntiVirus subscription , even though I am not happy with it .
 The product that arrived in the box could not be activated with the accompanying key on My WIndows 98SE system . I finally installed successfully by downloading a terail version of the program and using the activation code that came with the boxed product.After a month , Kaspersky Anti-Virus 6.0 stopped working . It loads on boot-up and then crashes . An email to technical support produced two suggestions
 I really can not review this product as I returned it . Did not work on my windows 98 . Have not received a refund yet , but I 'm hoping it is coming this month . Patricia McClellan
 If you 're buying this so that you wo n't have a long download on your dialup , forget it ! All the CD does is connect you to the internet for your 8Mb program download ! Once this is done , the `` fun '' really starts.The program is basically incompatible with Earthlink 's `` Total Access '' , and at least in WinME will cause your computer to require a reboot everytime you try to go on line . So , you 'll have to disable ALL the real time protection aspects of the software . It will still scan -LRB- and find -RRB- viruses on your drives , but you 'll have to initiate these manually.Tech support for the program seems to be non-existant . I 've tried several times to get answers to questions through their email routes - never any answer!In short , it 's way too much money for a program with as many shortcomings as this one has .
 After using Norton antivirus for several years with no problems and the 2006 version ever since it came out , also with no problems , I thought it would be interesting to see what the state of the art was in antivirus software so I did some research on the Internet . Generally , Norton gets decent reviews on most web sites but Kaspersky was often rated higher so I thought I would try it since my Norton subscription was expiring in a few days anyway . I ordered Kaspersky version 6.0 from Amazon for $ 50 with a $ 50 rebate and I thought it does n't get any better than that . I uninstalled Norton and after installing Kaspersky , my computer continuously restarted . The manual tells what to do in such an event but their solution did n't work . I called their tech support and spent two hours on the phone trying to correct the problem . I downloaded and ran the Norton uninstaller , I downloaded and ran the Kaspersky uninstaller , I downloaded and installed Kaspersky version 7.0 . We tried everything that the tech could think of , same problem . I asked him if this was a common problem and he said yes even though the manual says it is rare . It was late in the day and I was tired from the effort so I asked the tech if we could continue the next day and he said he would call me at 8 a.m. the next morning . Well , I 've been around awhile and I doubted that he would call , and he did n't . After reviewing everything I had read about antivirus software and considering my experience with Norton , I downloaded and installed Norton antivirus 2008 . It was easy and it 's working perfectly . I 'm sure that Kaspersky is excellent software if it works for you , but it did n't work for me and I 'm not interested in going to all the effort it would require to try to make it work . I can count on one hand the number of times I have needed tech support for hardware or software so the fact that Norton charges for tech support is not important to me since I 've never needed it anyway . I may try a different program someday , something like Nod 32 if they fix their interface , but for now I 'm going to go by the old adage `` if it ai n't broke do n't fix it '' .
 The last 2 versions of Norton 's anti-virus was difficult to install , and even harder getting it to work right . Their customer service , even though they speak English , I do n't think they understand . None of their solutions came close to fixing the problems.Kaspersky 6.0 was easy to install , easy to set up , and works great . I had no problem updating the program the first time even though I still have dial up . It does not create problems with my WIN XP , programs . I did exit Spy Sweeper while installing Kaspersky to avoid a problem.I also use TREND MICRO on another computer , and it works okay . Only problem it has long download updates . Their customer service solved a minor problem with one call.Reading the reports on Norton 's Anti-virus , I think I made a good choice.Richard Holmes , Irving , TEXAS
 I ordered this product back in August , supplying all the correct information along with valid credit card information . If you read the product information , it comes directly from Amazon . It was suppose to ship within 1 or 2 days.A week later , I received an email saying the product would be delayed . I tried to cancel the order but Amazon would not let me cancel ! They claimed the order was processed and shipped!As of today , nearly two weeks after the order , there is NO indication from USPS they have received the order . These guys lie , so I choose to discontinue doing business with them ! Not even 1 Star .
 I tried three separate installations . The Program froze my brand new XP Computer . The only way I could get out was to shut down manually , boot into safe mode and elect not to work in safe mode but to do a system restore . For me this Program is toxic . I threw it out and purchased AVG 7.5 Anti-Virus Professional Edition which installed quite easily and is working very well . For those who want a free program there is an AVG Free with less features .
 I 've used Norton Antivirus for years and have never had any problems . When my year-long subscription to virus updates expired I went to buy the latest version of Norton but was scared away by all of the terrible reviews . Kaspersky was very highly rated so I thought I 'd give it a try . Now the only thought that echos in my head is , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . `` Kaspersky has given me nothing but trouble from the word `` go . '' Despite hours on Kaspersky 's web site and support forums , despite uninstalling and reinstalling , and then upgrading to the newest version -LRB- 7.0 -RRB- , I still have issues downloading e-mail with Outlook Express , as well as several other `` quirks '' with other programs -LRB- e.g. , Internet Explorer , QuickBooks Pro , etc. -RRB- . I plan to uninstall this program and do what I should have done before - stay with what has always worked for me -- Norton Antivirus 2007 -- even if others are n't as thrilled by it.The only good news in all of this is that with $ 50.00 in rebates I will come out $ 0.01 ahead . This does n't even come close to adequate compensation for all of the headaches Kaspersky Antivirus has caused for me.Stay away !
 This is a good product , except it keeps shutting down when I have my outlook or when I have a web page open . My main goal for an antivirus would be to run when I search the web or get in new emails ! What good is it if it shuts down when these are open ! It did find a trojan on my first scan . This was one that Norton missed . I will be getting NOD32 soon . Sorry this product did not work for me ! It was very easy to use .
 What is it with the folks who write this kind of software ? It must be reeeaally hard to do , because no one seems to get it completely right , including Kaspersky.My only real complaint with KAV 6 is that there is something going on that ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- causes some files and apps to take 30-120 seconds to open -LRB- vs. the normal 2 seconds -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- causes a KAV file of unknown purpose to act weird and hang on shutdown.I suspect these problems are related , because neither happens consistently . In fact , problem 1 DOES N'T happen more often than it does , but imagine a dozen times a day of waiting 2 minutes for your files to open . It wears you down after a while.KAV support tried to help get it fixed for a few rounds of emails but then stopped responding to my requests for help . And it did not give me a warm-and-fuzzy that unknown guys from a country notorious for illicit computer activities had me run a diagnostic on my PC and then stopped talking to me . Probably nothing , but still ... To be fair , over the years I have made the rounds through all of the antivirus products -- McAfee , Trend , Norton -- all have had flaws , some very serious . Trend was the worst . If I had to start over again right now , I 'd go back to McAfee or Norton . Flawed but more `` known . ''
 After several attempts at installing and performing full scans window is occasionally sluggish . Have experienced new compatibility issues with other programs only after installing this product that worked fine with AVG Free . No viruses nor spyware found from scans , but overall performance is not optimal . Running WinXPSP2 on Dell Dimension 8250 , hope that helps .
 I installed this product a week ago . I just removed it from my computer today and installed Bitdefender v10.After I installed Kaspersky antivirus -LRB- KAV -RRB- , I continuously got the blue screen of death -LRB- BSOD -RRB- . I ran it on my Dell XPS with 2 MB RAM , 3 + chip speed , 220 hard drive , etc. . I have never had any software problems or conflicts before.Kaspersky claims 365/24/7 support , but this is misleading . There is no telephone support , and no chat support . Their method of support is hyperlinked from the software to a web-site input . You type in the textbox and then you might get an email reply . It took 3 days for them to reply to the first input . They replied a total of 3 times in seven days . I provided them with sysinfo files , logs and pages of detailed information . Each email they sent was less than 3 sentences . One of which was as follows : `` It looks like you have ZoneAlarm Pro 6.5.737.000 installed on your machine . The PRO version has the anti-virus portion . Please uninstall the Anti-Virus portion from your computer and reinstall Kaspersky . `` ZA pro does n't have antivirus ! How could I uninstall this portion?Before you buy this software I highly recommend you Google `` Kaspersky '' and `` BSOD '' or `` conflict issues '' or `` installation problems . `` I have since installed Bitdefender . No more BSOD . Excellent protection - often rated higher than Kaspersky . And most importantly , I did a test of their support & was able to chat with a live support rep within 30 seconds ! Further Bitdefender is about half the price for 2 years & 2 computers .
 First a little background
 When you can download for free a much better system from the web I would not even consider this program . Download AVG for free and you will never have any problems or hang ups .
 Feeling more than a bit fleeced by McAfee 's overpriced `` subscription '' renewal every year , I decided to give Kaspersky a try . Installation went smoothly and everything seemed fine for 2 or 3 weeks . Then one day my computer would not boot -- just stalled on a blank screen right after the Windows XP splash screen . When trying to boot up in safe mode , a list of the drivers currently loading scrolled down the screen . It stopped at a file called kl1.sys and hung there forever . A little research at work showed that this was a Kaspersky file.It may be just a coincidence that my system suddenly went kaput shortly after installing the new antivirus program , but I doubt it . Attempts to use a recovery disk failed . A trip to the local computer shop revealed that the data on my hard drives -LRB- which were in the inscrutable RAID 0 format -RRB- could not be recovered -LRB- unless I wanted to ship them to a recovery shop , and nothing on them was worth that much -RRB- . So they 're going to reinstall windows , I 'll have to do reinstall a shipload of software when I finally get my computer back , and , yes , I 'll lose all the data that was on there . -LRB- Gee , good thing I backed up all the kids ' photos -- well , most of them . Thanks , Kaspersky ! -RRB- Anyway , perhaps my attempts at recovering the OS caused the worst of this . Whatever the case , I believe the boot failure was caused by either the Kaspersky file being corrupted or a virus . Who knows . Kaspersky is to blame in both scenarios . I do know one thing
 This program was like a trip to the dentist for a root canal , only not as much fun . There were only two bright spots
 I bought this because it was given a good rating by Consumer Reports and the price was better than the competitors . I have windows XP SP2 , on a 2003 Dell Dimension . Windows XP was running very well on the machine , with 768MB RAM . Since I installed the Kaspersky program my PC has crashed repeatedly , especially when running Windows Explorer . Kaspersky 6.0 causes Explorer to lock up almost every other time it is opened -LRB- broadband internet connection -RRB- ; the only way to solve that problem is with a hard reboot , which is extremely annoying . Periodically , I get a complete system crash , which has been recoverable by allowing Windows XP to run CHKDSK and fixing the corrupted file indexes . I even tried taking off Explorer 7.0 - no dice ; and then as a desparate measure , reformatting my hard drive and completely reinstalling the DEll OEM versioin of Windows XP , with SP2 and all of the critical Microsoft updates . I also reinstalled Kaspersky 6.0 using the default settings . It made little difference - system still locks up . I 'm looking for a more reliable antivirus product - you get what you pay for .
 I bought this as a gift , what a waste of -LSB- money -RSB- . PLUSshipping and handling . The CD does not work on newer computers . I 've tried it on two , but put it into MY old computer -LRB- 486 -RRB- and it worked . Now unless I want to give my other computer as a gift as well it ca n't be used for the person intended . Seems a waste of money for just workbooks and flashcards . I 'm deeply dissapointed in this product .
 I ordered `` Adobe Acrobat Professional 8.0 Upsell Standard to Professional '' for Mac OS X. Instead I received the upgrade version for Windows .
 This book is a collection of math problems . There are no systematical lessons followed by problems.Besides this book does n't contain the 5th grade level math . So not a useful book for 5th graders .
 I 've seen a lot of children 's fun and educational games and this is one of the WORST I 've seen especially given the awards it has received . The graphics are great , but the game is EXTREMELY slow paced . It takes too long to get from one activity to another meaning that most of the hours required to play are spent just wandering around Mia 's house not learning or accomplishing anything . The character Mia is geared towards 5-year-olds , but most of the games are geared towards 9-year-olds . The font used is hard for young kids to read . -LRB- The `` g '' and `` a '' for example are not like hand printed letters . -RRB- Some of the activities are not explained well , the child often looses even when only chance is involved , and the reward system is so strong that the child is left feeling inadequate rather than enlightened . For example , one activity requires full understanding of syntax of written words . When the child forms word by word the sentence `` The cat like to hit balls '' , he is told `` that is not a sentence '' and all the work disappears . The child is not corrected or given a second chance to change `` like '' to `` likes '' . If you are looking for good adventure games for 3-6 year olds , try the `` Putt-Putt '' series ; for learning games try `` Davidson 's Learning Center Series '' and the `` Reader Rabbit '' series . ''
 But there was no product serial # in the box , on the CD , in the manual or on the CD jacket . Box had not been tampered with . I could not install it because the serial # is required for the installation let alone evaluate it .
 This is an example of getting what you pay for . Maybe the Professional editions would work better I do not recommend buying the Home edition . The limited edition of Omipage that came with my scanner does a better job .
 Does not install on XP . Attempts to contact company by e-mail and phone fruitless . Web site for serious techno-geeks only and following the company 's instructions when found do not solve the problems . Non-software from what appears to be a non-company .
 I 've tried for a month ; ` discussion groups ' , personal contact , etc. and Symantec WILL NOT tell you where the imbedded files are that prevent you from installing a newer version ! Double talk ? Plenty ! The answer ? Forget it ! Personally I think the attorney general should be investigating fraud ! Msconfig , registry , uninstall , add/delete programs , search . Try them all ! Maybe Bill Gates has the answer , but Norton WILL NOT devulge the secret ! ...
 This set of program is completely useless . All you need is an anti-virus tool . These other program just suck up you processoer and ram and basically just slow down everything you do . Aviod this program like white powder in your mailbox .
 The rebate only applies if you have proof of purchase of a previously owned virus protection -LRB- and it must have been a boxed or downloaded rather than subscription protection -RRB- . Yes , I like the product but think the rebate is very misleading .
 I have owned this product for over 6 months . I have tried to update the virus scan 10 's of times . After downloading 4645 MBeach time , this nitwit software comes up with an error code of 1821 which equates to `` tried to write update to a file that was in use '' . I even SHUT DOWN every file on my computer , except , AOL and Explorer which is minimum to run . It still comes back after downloading that enormous amount of MB -LRB- 4645mb -RRB- with the same nitwit message , file in use ca n't download the update.Who ever heard of such poor software , it is unbelieveable .
 Norton took a good program , SystemWorks 2001 , and revised it into an erratic , highly buggy program that deletes drive partitions , destroys the O/S and is impossible to remove cleanly . We 've tried it on two PC 's - a Sony Vaio Pentium III running Windows ME and a Pentium 4 desktop with Windows 98 . It behaved the same way on both and ended up in having to reformat and restore data on BOTH machines . Even getting it installed on a spanking clean , newly reformated , machine caused major problems . This edition should never have made it out of the QA department . If you have 2001 , do n't upgrade !
 After upgrading to Windows XP I tried to install Systemworks 2002 . The install failed and subsequent efforts also failed . I uninstalled the program using Window 's uninstall routine but still could n't reinstall it . I performed a manual uninstall per Norton 's instructions -LRB- scary since it involves rummaging through the registry -RRB- and still could n't reinstall it . After three months I still get occasional error messages related to Norton and Systemworks . I 've had several technical support people from other software companies tell me that Norton spreads itself through your system like a weed and is virtually impossible to completely uninstall . They were right!STAY AWAY !
 What Chutzpah ... If you have former versions of Norton , you may encounter severe problems installing Systemworks . I spent an evening uninstalling etc before going to the Symantec web site to find out there are well-known problems with installing systemworks over other versions of Norton software.Despite adding/removing thru the control panel , Norton SYstemworks 2002 refuses to install everything except Cleansweep.Frustratingly , although you can manually ask that Norton utilities and antivirus be loaded anyway , the program will notice the former Norton utility phantoms and arbitrarily refuse to load your new software . So you 're stuck.I resent software companies whose fix is to ask the users to edit registry files . Systemworks 2002 claims it is for XP but yet it ca n't work with former versions of its own software . There 's no excuse for bringing out software for a platform that does n't work with earlier versions .
 I have used Norton Utilities for many years , and have always been satisfied with the performance and reliability . That 's why I am dismayed at having to write this review which is so critical of them.My live-update subscription had expired , so I decided to buy the latest full version and install it . After all , the price seemed reasonable enough.Oh how I wish I had never done so . I was instructed to remove the older version first before installing the new , which I did using the Symantec uninstall routine . I restarted my computer , and began what I thought would be a quick and trouble free installation of Systemworks 2002 Pro.I was stopped dead in my tracks because the new version informed me that I was still running an older version . Once again , I went into the uninstall routine , and again restarted the computer.Nothing I did would allow me to install the new version . Eventually , I learned from the Symantec web site that there were separate uninstall routines -LRB- including a 1 hour registry editing session -RRB- that would be necessary before I could install the new version . -LRB- Note to Symantec ... I had to use McAfee Uninstaller to get rid of the leftover Symantec files . -RRB- Live support does not exist . The only available means of contact from Symantec was an e-mailed form letter giving me information that I already had , and it took two days for the response to get to me . I am not a novice user . If I were , I would have had to bring the system to someone else because Symantec really blew it on this one . After nearly six hours of working on the system , I finally got the product to work as it should.The product does everything it purports to do . The virus protection is still one of the most comprehensive in the industry . The utilities are helpful , and I still think that Norton Systemworks should be mandatory on all computers because once you get it working , there is nothing better.If you are doing a new installation on a computer that does not already have Systemworks , by all means , buy the product and install it . It 's problem free , and the product will work well.If upgrading , remember this is not easy for a novice or casual user . If you already have an earlier version of Systemworks on your computer , DO NOT UPGRADE to Systemworks 2002 under any circumstances . Pay the online fee to keep your virus protection , and keep what you have . If you are proficient in working with the Windows Registry and have about three or four spare hours -LRB- for frustration -RRB- , go ahead and upgrade but do n't say you were n't warned.I still like Symantec , but think that they have lost sight of their mission which is to provide solutions , not create frustration on the part of their users .
 I have both Systemworks 2002 and Ontrack System Suite 4 . The latter has many more tools that cleanup , stabilize , and optimize Windows XP . The only Norton programs I find superior are Antivirus and Speed Disk . The rest of the programs are outmatched by the comparable Ontrack programs . The Ontrack registry fixer is amazing , and the cleanup programs are , in my opinion , superior to Norton 's Cleansweep . I only purchased Ontrack after discovering that Systemworks 2002 does not have some of the utilities that I liked -LRB- e.g , Disk Doctor , Optimize -RRB- when running under Windows XP . Ontrack has done a better job of developing a utility suite for XP .
 Its not all that good of a software i can find better deal for a smaller prices .
 MAJOR BUGS !!!! This software requires you to delete all prior Norton Utilities -LRB- including FAX -RRB- and Systemworks . When it refused to load , I was required to attempt a manual uninstall including going into registry and making changes . Still wo n't load . Nor will it let you reload your old software . If you have questions about the nightmares you will encounter -- check the Symantec site under technical service for this software . ... I am now left without any virus protection or FAX access . I have been a loyal customer for many years but this is insane . If you purchase this software before they have a fix , do n't say you were n't warned .
 I purchased Norton SystemWorks 2002 and installed in on my healthy PC that had no major problems ; I just needed basic maintenance and virus protection . After installing and running the utilities , CleanSweep obliterated a massive portion of my hard drive , including over 80 % of the ` My Documents ' folder , and numerous Program files , components , and extensions . I then discovered the horrible truth about Symantec support
 I installed Norton Systemworks 2002 in my new Sony PCV RX650 the First of February . After having installation problems , I experienced a system slow down but everything else appeared to work fine . I soon discovered I was unable to defrag without conflicting with Windows XP system tools . After running Norton 's defrag tool , I actually had a higher percentage defragmentation than I had before I ran the defragmenter . I then attempted to run the Windows XP defrag tool and got error messages followed by a system slow down . I uninstalled Norton Systemworks and used the Windows XP system tools with no problems . I intend to purchase Ontrack Suite 4 and will not consider Norton in future purchases .
 I have been a computer professional for 20 years and remember in the beginning the Norton Utilities for DOS . I have purchased and used every version and have some insights . First of all , they have become like the auto industry . They create a new model every year to further programming obsolesence . They have focused more on the Moronic Iconoclastic image of their once respected founder than on the product . Big Blue almost went over the edge a few years ago when they forgot that their company was product driven , not image driven.I find the product to be of dubious value considering Norton has licensed versions of its products already integrated into most Microsoft products -LSB- operating systems -RSB- , and more thoroughly debugged I might add . When I think about all of the coding that went into the splash screens and animations it amuses me because conversly , and to an inverse proportion , they have neglected the hard coding side of the product . It is weak at best in its duties . The virus protection is adequate . The defragging software is a non sequitor in WinXP because the operating system has a more reliable version built in -LRB- by guess who -RRB- . What is the point in risking the stability of your operating system , especially if you are not an expert ; by installing this basket of bruised fruit?Unfortunately , most users only want a modicum of protection from viruses and unscheduled crashes , Norton products garner a D + rating from me . When I look at a company , I look at its product , its practices and finally its ethics . Norton has effectively relegated all of those principals to the rubbish heap . I am not even sure if Peter Norton is still actively involved in the company.I suggest computer users shop carefully for utilities , but first learn how to use the adequate functionality of the operating system . I feel this is adequate for 90 % of you out there.Shame on you Peter Norton . You can not leverage that brand equity for much longer . I wonder if Symmantic even reads these reviews . If Peter still had some say so in the company , this would not be happening.DJC
 Another weekend shot . You 'd think that installation would be easy on a new , XP-equipped computer , or at least I did . I kept getting '' ... installation has failed with error code
 I followed Norton 's installation directions exactly . Not only did Norton Systemworks delete most of my programs during the installation process , I paid 30 nonrefundable dollars to be told I have to reformat my hard drive . The tech enjoyed telling me nothing further could be done , and I would be charged for the call . The bulletin boards they call customer service were useless ; the techs had obviously not even read my post thoroughly . Read other reviews as well ; you are rolling the dice with Norton .
 I needed an anti-virus program for my new Compaq , and a backup utility as well . Systemworks had both , so I bought it.NAV seems to work OK with Win XP/Office XP . No complaints.Now , about Ghost : Day 1 - Ghost needs to run under DOS , not Windows . It creates a boot disk . The boot disk uses PC DOS . PC DOS will not boot on a Compaq . You need to use MS DOS . Where can you get that nowadays ?! I finally downloaded and installed Caldera Open DOS . That will boot , at any rate . Ghost wo n't recognize Open DOS , but with enough tinkering , you can get it to install on your pre-formatted boot disk.Day 2 - I want to back up across the network . Ghost creates a network boot disk . But , the driver for this Compaq does n't work . -LRB- Shame on me for buying a Compaq ! -RRB- Hours of Web searches , Symantec , Intel , and Compaq tech spport , finally get a driver that loads . Yay!Day 3 - Just because you can load a driver does n't mean that you can mount a network drive . The network support in Ghost is to clone one PC running Ghost to another PC running Ghost . I just want to back up to another PC , not wipe it out with a copy of this one . Does anybody remember DOS networking ? Symantec is no help . More hours of struggle to get this working . Luckily , I use a similar backup scheme at work , so I can cannibalize their boot files.Day 4 - I run Ghost and it ca n't see the network drive . For that you need the Enterprise edition . You are out of luck . Just because I 'm too stubborn to give up , I download a trial version of the Enterprise edition . It can see the network drive , but fails to complete the backup when the compressed dump file reaches 2 Gb . `` Please insert another volume , '' is not a good message to see when you are in DOS and backing up to a network drive.Summary
 Where to begin ? This thing has destroyed my e-mail , loused up other programs and I ca n't get it to uninstall !! My system has had performance problems that I 've traced directly to this program . I 've talked to experts in the IT field and most say these Norton programs are all show and no go . Buyer beware !
 After buying the product from OfficeMax I decided to check what it sells for on Amazon.com - am I glad I did !!!! After reading these reviews I decided to take the advice of many of your reviewers and avoid SYMANTEC altogether . Any company that has this many problems with their product and then CHARGES for tech support in my opinion is a company to avoid . Shame on you SYMANTEC - if you do n't get your act together soon and listen to your consumers you 'll be the next company we 'll be reading about that gets bought out !
 I just tried to renew my Norton Systemworks 2002 , and the Symantec website said that the virus definitions , program updates , and so forth , for the 2002 version are now discontinued , and that I need to upgrade to another version .
 WARNING WARNING WARNING THIS PRODUCT WILL NOT WORK WITH WINDOWSxp !!! Wish they had that on the box . I also wish I read some of these reveiws before i bought it . I do n't know may be Iam just a -LSB- dummy -RSB- but I could not get xp to load this program tryed everything . Trust me if you can think up something that would get this program to work I tryed it . I work on it for like two days reading book going too there web site nothing work ; it would only load up clean sweep . The rest of the import stuff XP would be like nope Iam not running this -LSB- junk -RSB- . Man thought I was getting a good product because Norton is such a big name in Antivirus protection . DO N'T BE FOOLED !! Or maybe I just got a bad version bought mines from a local store , hehehehehe smirk , and NO it was not a BLUE LIGHT SPECIAL payed ... -LSB- bucks -RSB- for it same as what it sales for here . Buy this product at your own risk !! I suggest you buy PC-cillin 2002 that loaded up on XP just fine or some other brand besides Norton .
 The SystemWorks package works well for Os 9.x or lower but it caused many problems for me once I changed my operating system to OS X . After reading many forums from disgruntled users of Systemwork 's performance , I knew it was not just me complaining . The 2.0 version includes Alsoft 's Disk Warrior 2.1 , which I also own . Its sole purpose is to rebuild damaged directories . Why did Symantec 's 2.0 version include a product from another software competitor ? That is not a difficult question to answer ...
 Norton SystemWorks obviously has n't been tested thoroughly with Windows 9x . The scripting error is endless and annoying whenever you try to do something with the program -LRB- just do a search on Symantec web support for `` scripting error '' to see how common this problem is -RRB- . For Windows NT-kernel based OS like 2000 , XP , it works fine . But you ca n't never cleanly uninstall the program the right way - it seems Symantec does n't want you to ever live without their software . Uninstalling it does n't clean out all the program files and registry entries . Worst , it could leave your system crippled . For example , on Windows 2000 , I used the anti-virus software included in SystemWorks , after installing it I found my DHCP Client service out of order . Why ? Because SystemWorks ' installer did n't remove the registry key that associated itself to the DHCP Client Service -LRB- SYMTDI is the dependency -RRB- . Thus , the DHCP Client service was referring to a non-existent file . -LRB- DHCP is used to obtain a dynamic IP address and look up the proxy information , without it , my computer ca n't connect to the Internet -RRB- . So I had to manually edit the registry and remove the dependency from DHCP Client service entry . On Windows 9x platform , the uninstalling process is even worse that SystemWorks was unable to fully uninstall Antivirus program and I had to boot into safe mode bypassing the VxD driver to manually edit the registry and delete the program.All this not to mention how much system resource SystemWorks hogs . Symantec 's software used to be great , but they are not anymore . If you need a Firewall , get ZoneAlarm . Windows comeswith scan disk and defrag . If you want a better defrag utility , check out Diskkeeper . For anti-virus , use TrendMicro 's PC-Clinin , or Central Command 's AVP , both are simple and use little system resources . None of these software will cripple your system like Norton 's .
 I 've read the reviews and purchased this product anyway.As I have ME running and not XP , and having used Norton products for MANY years with great results , I thought I was safe installing this product on my Dell . From the moment I began installing Systemworks I knew something was not `` right '' .12 hours and 2 days later , this product was STILL not running . Having tried to unsuccessfully solve my installation problem by utilizing their manual and website , -LRB- I DID find what MAY have been a solution to my problem listed on the site ... but alas it would n't load and as stated later ... it would n't have mattered anyway -RRB- , I was resigned to calling the 800 number support line for help , ... , and proceeded to wait on hold for upwards of one hour . It would be nice if , while on hold , Symantec would at least give you an estimate of how long the estimated wait time is ... not too high tech for a technology company ... is it?The technician then walked me through a series of steps which included editing the registry -LRB- ad nauseum -RRB- and downloading and running several fixes off of their website ... something a typical computer user would never be able to accomplish ... with or without a working Symantec website.When I asked the tech what caused all these problems , he stated that he really did n't know but that it happens quite often . I find it to be ironic that one of the reasons I purchased Systemworks was so when I ran into a problem with my computer ... systemworks would fix it.When all the downloading and running of the fixes were completed , along with editing of the registry , the tech finally had me begin re-installing the product and got off the line . He refused to stay on the line during the re-install process to see if it was successful ... noting that he had `` confidence '' everything would now be `` OK '' . I asked that if there was a problem , how could I by-pass the one hour wait time and talk to him again ? ... there is n't ... I asked if I could expect troubles re-installing in the future if I needed to ... he replied `` YES ... probably ... By comparison , the few times I needed to contact DELL 's support techs over the years , I was informed how long my wait was to be , -LRB- not very -RRB- , and when I needed to run a diagnostic or re-install Windows requiring a long process time , the DELL techs would offer to call back at a pre-determined time to see if everything was progressing properly ... and they did.Bottom line ... the software still has some problems , -LRB- Anti - Virus will not enable in order to protect email -RRB- and not all functions were installed -LRB- see below -RRB- . Back to the website ... followed directions ... still not fixed.Now how long will I need to wait and at what price ? The tech would not allow me to install the entire ... complete package ... just the typical install ... what did he know ? What other problems would I encounter?Now I understand why the big rebates ... first of all 70 % or more of the purchasers have all intentions to follow directions and send in the rebate forms ... but do not . Marketing people call this `` breakage '' and count on it when determining and offering incentives . For the few people who do get the rebates ... Symantec knows that they will more than make up for it with their tech support fees.I 'd rather pay more for a working product that is PROPERLY developed and supported . This is NO bargain ... rebates or no rebates.I feel ripped ... Do NOT purchase this product . It 's not worth the aggravation or the true price that you pay . Just include your downtime as an added expense.Seeing the many problems with this product , you would think that AMAZON.COM would refuse to offer this product until the glitches are repaired . Come on AMAZON ... put pressure on the manufacturer to remedy . How many bad reviews do you need before you realize that there is a problem that needs to be looked in to?Now I 'll be returning this product for a refund ... really ??? I paid S&H ; to receive it , I will pay S&H ; to return the product and have paid -LRB- money -RRB- for tech support for a product I am returning because it DOES NOT WORK AS IT WAS SUPPOSED TO and which did not solve the entire problem ... no less lost time and aggravation.To Symantec
 As a PC Technician , I have been using the Norton Utilities since it 's start in the DOS days . I have also upgraded to most of the versions . Starting with version 2000 , I noticed the lack of control over the software . In other words , the program tries to take over the functions automatically , sometimes making the wrong decision , specially in the case of the Norton System Doctor or Win Doctor.This version is the worst . It almost prevents you from using it manually . In addition , Symantec removed certain features from the previous versions , such as the Benchmark from the System Information module.In my opinion , if you own either version 2000 or 2001 , DO NOT GET this version , specially if you are a technician . NOTE
 This was a great program before Microsoft introduced WindowsXP . Works great in Windows 98 . In WindowsXP you will find some of the Norton 's Utility functions provided under Windows 98 missing when running WindowsXP . In fact , I think even $ 39.95 is too much for what amounts to little more than a virus checker.All you get besides the virus checker under WindowXP is a -LRB- 1 -RRB- duplicate disk defrag program that functions at a slower rate than the one that ships with WindowsXP , -LRB- 2 -RRB- a disk doctor -LCB- which can not fix any problems , they are be fixed by rebooting and the CHKDSK program -RCB- that functions exactly the same as the error-check utility provided by Microsoft , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- a program that checks the registry for missing keys , etc.If you have WindowsXP do not waste your money on SystemWorks , just buy a virus checker . If you are still using Windows 98 this is a great program .
 I just spent two hours trying to install SystemWorks with no success . I had an old version that I wanted to upgrade , but could not uninstall the old version first so it would n't let me install the 2002 version . And , my effort follows that of a Microsoft Certified Software Engineer friend of mine who also could n't figure it out . Pretty scary when someone who 's profession is computers ca n't install their product.On top of all that , Symantec CHARGES you if you want to actually talk to their tech support !!!! Textbook poor customer service . It 's not like I 've had the product for a year - I opened the box yesterday.Do not buy this product - and , frankly , after realizing they charge to support their own product , I 'd recommend avoiding all Symantec products all together .
 Installing SystemWorks on XP seems okay . Then try installing `` Go Back '' which is an included program . I 'd sooner slit my wrists than spend another evening trying to fix the ensuing disasters !
 I have always used Symantec products but let me just say I wish I did n't buy this one . I previously ran system works 2001 on a windows 2000 OP with no problems . Unfortunately , the 2002 version does not install properly . Specifically , the Norton Anti Virus drivers and then the subscription issues have left me with a useless computer . I basically had to rebuild the machine thanks to this purchase because the uninstalls went so badly that my PC was left with a mess on it . Usually I would Norton to remove such a mess . You can see the catch 22 .
 I 've wasted a minimum of 5 hours now trying to install this product ... I 've followed every tip on Symantec 's site , from using symcln and on . I 've installed and uninstalled 4 times . I had it working part-way for a couple of weeks , but LiveUpdate would n't work and I had to download all the virus definitions manually . Scheduler would n't work so I had to do all my updates and scans manually . Recently I tried to fix the problems by doing a clean re-install . It only made the problems worse . Strangely , it works just fine on my Win2000 machine but on the NT4 .0 machine it is my worst nightmare . Beware ...
 Use Norton Systemworks in WinXP and watch both the antiviral and utility portion stop working . You may think your protected but your really not . What 's happening here to cause such a serious flaw ? I have no idea . All I can say is that I have encountered this probem on both my computers - a brand new HP XT1000 laptop and a Dell desktop . Both Systemworks and the stand alone Norton Antiviral have stopped working . After uninstalling and reloading the problem was encountered a week later . I intend to contact both HP and Norton . My advice?Save your money until they provide a fix
 The item description does not make clear that this product is an upgrade . Do not buy unless you own an earlier version of Acrobat for Mac !!!
 My company recently upgraded to Acrobat 8 from Acrobat 6 . Maybe there are some new tools that I do n't need to use yet . But in general , I 'm unhappy with this upgrade . The OCR takes longer . When extracting pages , I get a strange `` in use '' error seemingly randomly . Then half the pages disappear into the ether and half stay on the PDF I 'm extracting from . The new PDF is not created . Be very careful to check before you save anything you do ! Guess I 'll just have to slow down and be less efficient thanks to this `` upgrade . ''
 I recieved this product and loaded it onto my computer . The first thing I tried was to create a PDF file from the scanner . The program immediately shut down and gave me an error message indicating I should try a later version of Adobe Reader . further attempts also failed . Removed the program from the computer and reloaded it with the anti virus disabled . Got the same results . That was n't the only thing . My attempts to build a PDF document , i.e. inserting a pdf file , also shut the program down telling me to get a later version of reader . After many attempts to resolve these problem , I requested a return . I am waiting for a response.I think I got a lemon . I used Adobe Acrobat 5 and have used Adobe Acrobat 8 Professtional at work and hav n't had a problem . Once I get the return straighten away I would probably try Adobe Acrobat 8 Standard again .
 Was not impressed with what was on the disk as the quality of the clip art was very poor . Could not get on site free that comes with the disk , as the dates of having the membership was pass due . Feel I wasted my money . Know now not to buy from this site or Broderbund again . I could have used the money for other software . I would rate this -5 but that is not an option . I did learn something to check before you buy with others who have used the software .
 I was excited to find and purchase the Clickart DVD with the 1,200,000 images . As my home computer is not online this would be an excellent resource . The software is defective as evidenced by trying to load it on alternate computers , as well . It seems to load on but when going to use the clickart images an error appears `` unable to read directory '' , thus I 've been unable to use the product .
 This package contains nothing but useless cartoonish clips . All of which are too ugly for a regrigerator magnet , let alone a professional presentation , a website or a brochure . I browsed for a long time looking for one thing that did not look ridiculous , but did n't see it.I threw the box out of the window facing the street . Its still there if anybody wants it .
 Total waste . Not user-friendly . I am computer savvy but this software is not logical . Just a ripoff .
 I purchased the Route 66 Street Network 2004 US/Canada to use for finding directions for myself and my drivers on delivery . I have found that it is nearly useless for finding addresses . It seems that updating the `` 2004 '' maps for Boise , Idaho has not been a priority . As a matter of fact , I find that naming it `` 2004 '' is very misleading . There are areas of this city that have been developed for over five years that do not appear on this program . In addition , many streets are incorrectly named , do not exist in the manner that your program shows them to , or both . On a daily basis I have to use MapQuest to find the actual routes when my drivers call to inform me that this program is again incorrect .
 I bought this sofrware in hopes it would help in finding addresses and streets . When I went to install it on both of my computers , it was looking for a file I can not locate . It will not install to any computer I tried it on . You are wasting your money of you buy this software . I ask for my money back and I did get a refund in full . I tried thier web sight and I is no longer in use to this day . I went a bought from Delmore and have not had a bit of trouble .
 According to the information on the box when you buy it some of the `` Supported Hardware '' follows : CD-R / CD-RWDVD-R / DVD-RWDVD + R / DVD+RWI purchased the software , installed it -LRB- The installation went off without a hitch -RRB- and attempted to : A -RRB- Create a bootable DVD using the software andB -RRB- Image my drive for back-upWell both A + B created error messages and would not perform the functions for which I purchased the software . I should mention that I have a brand new Dell desktop computer with a 120GB Maxtor internal HD , 2GB of RAM memory , a Plextor DVD burner and a Sony DVD ROM drive . In orther words this baby was born to Rock ! I must stipulate that 99.99 % of the software that I purchase works the first time right out of the box because I very carefully read the minimum system requirements , which OS the software supports and the supported hardware . If it does not work the first time right of the box then I return it and get a refund . Since this was the case here I did return the software to CompUSA and got a refund . I also e-mailed Acronis regarding the error messages . They did reply about two days later and the cause of the error messages was a bit of a shocker
 I will not describe the many fine operating features of Acronis True Image , because simply stated , while it looks good at first ultimately completely failed to perform as advertised . Maybe it costs extra to get a restore done . I will never know , because as I now see is commonly reported , their tech support is tragic . Read on for a more agonizingly detailed narrative of my experience , otherwise , be very careful before purchasing ATI . If you still do , be sure to test it thoroughly before any warranty has ended ... I was attracted to Acronis True Image because I had done just enough research to come to believe recent incarnations of Ghost were overpriced , outdated and could not do what I needed . I did not read far enough to discover many users ultimately found the same to be true of True Image.I have a Toshiba Satellite notebook and was looking for a simple backup solution using an external USB HD - hardly an unusual situation , I felt . About 3 weeks after purchasing True Image and making a full backup , I was suddenly in need of a full restore . After following the Acronis procedure , the software would not recognize the drive , and I could not proceed . I tried every method imaginable to me for a few hours , but rather than commence yet another hand rebuild of the system , I decided to test their support claims . I knew not only I could repair things myself , but that it would take many hours , and I had believed I had purchased a `` one click '' type solution.The only support options offered are fax and email , which is not uncommon these days but still irritating , even more in a crisis such as this . The crash occurred on a Friday afternoon , despite Acronis ' claims of `` 24/7 '' response , I had no realistic expectations of a reply over the weekend . In a typical setting , total data loss is a serious emergency , and this could have been a chance for the `` little guy '' to shine , but it was not to be so.I received a reply the following Monday afternoon . All that was suggested was that I download the most recent version and try again.And from that point followed over 5 weeks of completely unproductive correspondence , I was asked for and provided over 20 screenshots of the True Image diagnostic programs . I was offered 4 workarounds involving the Linux command line , they were all to no avail , and they finally stopped answering my queries altogether , even a final , ever polite request for resolution before I came to the conclusion you are now reading
 I purchased and used Acronis True Image -LRB- ATI -RRB- v8 .0 for three months , based upon the advertising that extolled its virtues and ease of use . I assumed that it was working as intended . That is , until the time came that I actually needed to open a previous image and extract an individual file . The software refused to work , even though the advertising lauded that particular function.I worked with ATI Technical Support for two weeks , and they were never able to resolve the issue . At the end of that time , their `` support '' had devolved to , `` Uninstall such-and-such a program that 's on your computer , and see what happens . '' At that point I made the decision to uninstall ATI instead , since I 'd already invested a significant amount of hours , and there still seemed no way to make the software actually work as advertised.I got rid of ATI , then purchased Terabyte Unlimited 's `` Image for Windows . '' It worked flawlessly , and while it is slower than ATI , at least it does what it 's supposed to do . I hope this review will help others avoid the mistake of purchasing Acronis True Image.By the way , if you 've had the software more than 30 days after purchasing and downloading it , Acronis will not refund the purchase price . Since I had no need to check the functionality of the images until I 'd used ATI for about three months , the company would issue no refund . Shafted again !
 This product simply did not work at all on my system . Could be because I had Roxio 7 loaded previously - I read during some resarch to resolve the problem that Roxio and Acronis have some issues if Roxio was installed . The Roxio uninstall leaves the registry loaded with keys , and I think these are the problem when Acronis tries to run . It seems to be something with the CD/DVD burning . On my system it spins up the CD burner , then hangs the whole system . You have to force terminate the program to regain control of the system . Needless to say , it was more software money down the drain for me . I would say that Roxio users should think twice before dropping cash on this mutt .
 It is a great idea for a product but IT DOES NOT WORK . That is not really the kind of comment you want to hear in regards to backup software but right out the box , my installation -LRB- build 7 ?? -RRB- did not work beyond the interface . It created many corrupted images before it created a `` true '' image and then it would not restore the image . I went to the Acronis site and downloaded their most recent build -LRB- 8 ?? -RRB- . If you are in the market for this product , look at the site and the user forums . There are allot of disgruntled users there . Hope they do n't work for the Postal Service . If you read the forums you would be surprised to see the product work at all . After I downloaded the new build , I took it slow and was able to
 I installed this product and afterward got the blue screen of death . I emailed their support they were very responsive and helpfull . But it was becoming to much of a chore to fix , never got it to work . I ended up uninstalling it , had to run their uninstall then edit the registry to remove it there then fdisk the master boot record . I have used image cast at work for years imaging over a hundred computers . It installs and works a lot better . Only problem you have to buy a 10-user license at around 25.00 each . I could n't recommend true image to anyone .
 The Route 66 Europe 2004 , did not function in Italy . Before departing Ihad a string of e-mails with the Route 66 service department and was told that they also could not find the addresses that I had problems with.In Italy it had problems with city to city directions , could not find any addresses and was always off base . We drove approximately 2800-2900 kilometers and it was not only of no use but was a hinderance.The product is in my oppinion a waste of time and money.John Termotto jjtermotto@yohoo . com
 Honestly if I had n't spent the better part of eighty bucks on this thing , I 'd be laughing . The search could n't find the town in Italy I 'm visiting . So I thought I 'd widen the parameter and just put Florence -LRB- which it is near . -RRB- No luck -- that just brought up a bunch of streets in the UK . So I tried Rome . Nope , ca n't find that . How about the country ? Italy ? No , that just brings up some hotels , etc.So I tried to zoom in on the area the town is in and did manage to find it , though I still ca n't find Florence -LRB- despite knowing exactly where it is geographically . -RRB- I am not a computer map neophyte here . I 've been using MS Autoroute for years , but it wo n't run on my PowerBook . I bought this thinking ` how bad can it be ? ' The answer
 The topo maps are fine on this product , but for hiking I would n't bother - there are no trails . I searched around Jasper National Park and Cape Breton in Nova Scotia , and could n't find * any * trails in this map set at any level of zoom or detail . If you 're used to the US Topo maps by Garmin , you 'll be disappointed . The disks I received from Amazon said `` Version 2.0 '' , which were ordered in August , 2007 .
 I am checking if Garmin 010-10469-00 describes various versions like version 2 as well as version 4 , but I was sold 010-10469-00 and the disk were version 2 . The software sold to me does not reference 010-10469-00 anywhere . It shows 007-00564-00 Rev.B -LRB- southwest -RRB- , 007-00565-00 Rev.B -LRB- South Central -RRB- , 007-00566-00 Rev.A -LRB- Southeast -RRB- , and 007-00567-00 Rev.A -LRB- North -RRB- . I 'll probably be surprised that the 010-10469-00 is for the collection regardless of revision . I meant to purchase an open copy of revision 4 that was discounted because it was opened . Buyer beware I guess and I hope I do n't get lost in during my 25 year anniversary to the Rockies in a couple of weeks . The seller offered a `` partial refund '' , but an unopened 2-cd version 1 sells in eBay for $ 39 . I searched and searched for a description of revision history but came up with nothing .
 Their software is very bad . Difficult to use , expensive , full of errors and gives a lot of problems -LRB- a package costs over $ 100 and it does n't even work -RRB- .
 What I mean by that is ... it 's a DVD-ROM . It does not , repeat DOES NOT , play in a DVD player like one might expect when ordering a DVD . For this title , you must insert it in your computer and watch quicktime movie files on your computer media player.As such , I can not comment on any of the content of this disk ... I have n't been able to watch it . Shame on me ... maybe there was some fine print on the order screen that I did not see ... when I ordered a DVD , I thought I would receive a PLAYABLE DVD that would work in my DVD PLAYER ... get it?Ultimately , the content may even be great ... someday , maybe I 'll actually get to see it and figure that out for myself . It 's just that what was delivered to my mailbox is not what I expected or what I wanted.Just for information and comparison purposes , subsequent volumes within this series -LRB- Volumes 2 & 3 specifically -RRB- ARE playable DVDs and DO work in a DVD Player ... as I would expect ... and in accordance with what I wanted and ordered .
 these nancy drew games do not work with XP operating system98 & ME are fine
 I was looking for a Tai-Chi video that would enable me to learn from home on my own . I realize that a do-it-yourself video can only be so helpful , but this one really was not worth it . It advertizes that it provides lessons , but in reality it does not . It gives you a brief introduction concepts in Tai-Chi , but never explains how one should move . The style demo is done without any explanation , so you really ca n't learn from it . It was a waste of money .
 I thought I was getting a dvd that taught HOW to do two chi , not basically a glorified YouTube video showcasing his abilities ...
 This product not only does not hold up to its hype and description nor does it do even a fraction of what you expect for cataloging ones music and dvd collection.As for ease of use forget it.I unistalled the software and wrote it off as an expensive lesson learned and money lost .
 I just went through the ringer to try and get pocket quicken to work on my new windows 7 computer . Turns out there is a new product that will do this instead . You can google Inesoft Cash Organizer.For anyone who is curious , here is my pocket quicken and windows 7 story : I had pocket quicken 2.5 on my computer and pda . My computer died . I could not find the pocket quicken disk to load on my new computer -LRB- having just recently seen it . I have a 2 year old and things just disappear . -RRB- I could n't find a 2.5 version to buy so got a 2.0 from amazon.My new computer was windows 7 home which is not compatible with activesync . So I had to buy the professional upgrade to get Win XP mode that would work with activesync . Except I could not get the virtual pc to load . Many hours with microsoft tech support to find out all I needed to do was go in bios and turn on my virtual technology field.Then my pda would not sync with activesync . I had a microsoft tech support person tell me it was not possible for xp mode to work with activesync . I did not believe him so kept making phone calls to MS tech support . Finally found `` Earl '' who showed me the menu at the top of xp mode that says USB . All I had to do was click in there and attach my pda and suddenly my pda was syncing with my computer.Then came several hours of trying to figure out why pocket quicken would not sync with my computer . I ended up at mobilitysite forum and found out pocket quicken 2.0 is not compatible with windows mobile 5 . Then I found a thread called `` Pocket Quicken help ??? '' with the link to downloading pocket quicken 2.2 . I downloaded it and my pda and computer synced . I only have 2 weeks to get an activation code . However , I was able to see my accounts on my pda !!!!! I have emailed landware . Hopefully I can get an activation code from them and all will be well . If not , I will be bummed . I have spent over $ 100 and many hours of time just to get pocket quicken to work . How sad if it does n't . -LRB- And with two little kids underfoot , who knows what my quicken accounts will look like . Actually , I know . Between the birth of my son and getting pocket quicken my previously flawless , beautiful accounts were terrible . I hope that fate does not await me again . -RRB-
 I did not like the product . It was an older version and I could get the same information off of the internet . I did not think to verify what version it was .
 This is easily one of the worst products I 've ever bought for my computer . Complete waste of time . I should have known I was in for a long day when the installer hung on the 2nd disc and I had to download a patch from the vendor 's website . Never a good sign . I 've already wasted an entire day on this lame product so I do n't feel like going into too much detail but if all you want to do is capture video to your harddrive then this product works great . However , if you actually want to convert that video into a DVD then you 're in for a frustrating time . I 've got a decent system with core 2 duo processor and 2GB of RAM so I blame buggy software for the constant application lock ups -LRB- or the endless looping -RRB- . I eventually gave up and just tried to create iso files I could burn to DVD later and the software could n't even handle that . If I 'd done maybe 5min of research beforehand I would have discovered that a lot of others have had a bad experience with the software.Sure it 's cheap but how much is your time worth ? If you actually decide to buy this product make sure you can easily return it -LRB- like I did -RRB- . I would pay five times what this product cost for something that would actually work .
 The only reason I gave it one star is because there is n't a negative star to give.I spent 3 days trying to make this thing work right and called tech support 3 times ... still junk.The sound was out of sync and the picture jumps and apparently ca n't be corrected . I updated my drivers , uninstalled and then reinstalled . Finally on the third call to tech support the tech himself told me that this was a common problem with this product.Don ' t waste your money nor time .
 This product was never able to capture audio from VCR or digital video camera . Video was jumpy and not smooth . Spoke to tech support four times to get a resolution on the audio capture and they were not help . Tech support is NOT a toll-free call . Find something else .
 Horrible software - what looks like an easy plug and play product ended up being buggy and unable to deliver anything . After multiple discussions with their tech support -LRB- friendly yet ineffectual -RRB- , numerous re-installs and upgrades , the product still would n't work , leading once to a total crash of my system.And before you ask , I am computer literate and run a new Dell Windows XP system with twice the recommended system requirements that the product advices.VERY DISAPPOINTING
 Ripper ? How about getting ripped off !! This program is worthless . Do n't bother even trying . Loaded the program and just got error messages . No help , no explanations . Label maker works great .
 this item down loaded the label express but will not down load dvd-vhs magic . no help from the dealer
 This product is a ripoff ! It downloaded to my laptop ok but then when I try to use it , certain files are missing . Also , it does n't come with any cables to hook anything up with to do anything . I got it so that I could transfer family vhs tapes to dvd but this product is worthless ! I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I am kicking myself now for not reading the reviews , i got pulled in because my child is a HUGE fan of the Rainbow Fish . Sadly , this game is not for her , not only did they get the gender of Rainbow Fish wrong , but they obviously did n't bother to read the book that it is based on . I ca n't believe the horrendous translation from the French either . What ever you do , DO NOT purchase this game , it is not meant for small children , and it is n't really meant for anyone . Yes , the graphics are nice , but the game play is non-existant , and the story is pathetic . What were these people thinking ?
 This game is Horrible ! There is minimal educational value , if any . It is extremely slow , and my 2 five-year olds were bored with this game almost instantly . The tasks in the game were very unimaginative , and very little fun.The only good thing about this game is the graphics . they are pretty good , but , they should have spent more time making the game FUN ! ... I would not recommend this game to anyone .
 Awful mouse and his silly boring adventures.DO NOT BUY EVEN FOR $
 Unfortunately , we were sucked in by other `` good '' reviews but when we got it , it was a disaster . First , it took forever , to install . Second , it will not install on the hard disk and requires loading the CD-ROM each time which means the adults must do it . Third , the user spends very little time doing math problems because the user must go through first a lengthy story which can not be skipped each time a new game is loaded , and then must spend an inordinate amount of time taking a journey between phases of the math game trying to locate secret clues as to how to open the game . There are no solutions available and the user can get stuck . Next , the program can be adjusted for different levels of ability but when we set it at seven years , it went to third and fourth grade math . Maybe , in Japan but not here . Moreover , the program sometimes locks up . There are much better programs available which do not have these hang-ups and are a better buy .
 I am homeschooling a second grader and bought this as a Christmas present . I hoped my daughter would have some fun with math problems as a counterpoint to our usual arithmetic worksheets . Because the word ` Math ' was prominent in the title , I expected plenty of drill along with the fun and was sorely disappointed when it took 10 or 15 minutes of play to reach 1 minute 's worth of extremely simple math problems . We completed level one of the game in about two hours with maybe 5 minutes of math altogether.Granted , we started at level one , which was below my daughter 's math ability . I hope the next level will have more and better math problems , but I fear but we may never find out as she just told me she does n't want to play this expensive game again.We both agree that the graphics are well done , but my admittedly hyper-sensitive daughter did n't like the fire sequence and she found the ` bad guy ' rats a bit scary . Worse , she was often frustrated when the mouse would not respond to directions , even when we did what Mia herself told us to do . Sometimes we had to click on an object multiple times before it worked the way it was supposed to . Other times , we 'd move the cursor in the suggested direction -LRB- after clicking on Mia 's face to get hints -RRB- and it would take several attempts to get her to move.All in all , neither my daughter nor I can not recommend this game .
 Base Premise
 I agree totally with the negative reviews posted . Where IS the math ?? Having to install the DVD each time you play the game is at least inconvenient , if not aggravating . And most of the time the student has to follow around that stupid mouse , clicking on everything in site , trying to find the next LITTLE bit of math games . My daughter likes answering the questions and doing the math , but the clickin ' adventure is a frustrating nuisance .
 ... BR > I do NOT recommend this software for anyone considering building a personal or e-commerce web site . The package comes with 2 manuals but there are NO recommendations as to which one you should start with . If building an e-commerce site , you are forced to pay an additional $ ... for a `` credit card license '' . PayPal , I believe is free . You are forcing me to `` shell out '' additional cash just to test my application . No tutorial comes with the software , you must pay extra for that . You are restricted to ASP . You need an additional tool , which you must purchase for JSP . There is nothing intutive about the software and it is difficult to use . I do not understand how they sold so many copies as they claim .
 I recently purchased this software after looking for a total web ecommerce solution . The software installs easily but the system could not find my browser to register . Not a great sign since this is the first program I have ever encountered that could not connect with my DSL server and register.I spent about 6 hours reading the documentation . Let me start by telling you that I have been programming for 20 years . Everything from Cobol to html . I find this program a bit complicated.If you are an experienced web developer than this is probably a good option . I am looking for point and shoot . I want to spend my time updating content and the shopping cart database , not learning and adjusting every factor the customer sees.Don ' t expect much from the included templates . It only comes with a few very simple templates . I have seen better layouts in shareware !
 Worse piece of software I have ever had the displeasure of using . I live in Mass and thought why not give them a try , they are from here , ha never again!I 'll explain just a few of problems with this software . Documentation comes in 2 books web building and e-commerce ... it covers the software functions accurately . No problem there the problem comes in it 's not user friendly . You ca n't develop or customize freely , `` shopping cart side of the software '' you have to pay Boomerang for that . So if you want a to add to our delete parts of the shopping cart you 're out of luck , unless you are a programmer and love getting into the middle of database structure that 's laid out in the templates provided . No way to add in options that are n't default , such as paying by paypal , discover , or many others not listed in the program . You have to pay extras for that . Your choice is limited to what 's there on their templates and that 's it . I could go on and on but this would become a book . This software is so limiting that after spending weeks on it ... I was so disgusted and frustrated that I started looking for something else.The people at Boomerang did answer all emails to their credit . The price was reasonable @ 59.99 , but has taught me a very valuable lesson indeed , `` You really do get what you pay for '' I will never forget that phrase for as long as I live now.I develop web sites for a hobby , so I have seen good software packages and bad ones , but not of this caliber . I was in a hurry and needed a shopping cart for a friend that I was helping . She 's on a win2k system which is part of the reason I looked into this program.On a positive side , the web developing part of the software is actually pretty good ... but that 's not what I bought this for ... I wanted a shopping cart for e-commerce , not web building ... it 's pretty much wysiwyg . If they named it `` Webshop web building '' that would have made me look elsewhere for a shopping cart . Their idea of a shopping cart ... , IMHO , but what do I know ... I was stupid enough to buy it . I just know I will never buy anything from this company again !
 I purchased this product without reading the reviews first , DO N'T BUY THIS . I wasted time reading the instructions to figure out how to develop a commerce site and realized that numerous steps were skipped or out of order . I contacted technical support with questions and suggestions and their response was just as vague/unhelpful as the lame manual . I never did get the commerce features -LRB- tables -RRB- to work , but it looks like when you download orders or update products that the website has to be `` locked '' while you do this . What a pain !
 This program was really a disappointment . As mentioned previous , the templates are real weak and limited and really offer no value . The e-commerce capabilities are not intuitive and overall I found it to be a waste of my money . Shareware offers better products .
 No idea if it can work at all . Other owners specify Boomerang Software charges for all aspects of this product ... extra !! NO DECENT DOCUMENTATION . Understand a totorial can only be had for extra money !
 The premise of this CD-rom seemed great but my kids and I were very disappointed . The games are way too hard and come with explanations that are n't clear . My kids can usually navigate a game like this on their own , but this required a lot of parental problem solving and caused too much frustration . Skip it .
 Although the graphics and backdrops are well done -LRB- much like the art in finer children 's books -RRB- the puzzles are simple and the game is too short . An adult could easily complete it 2-3 hours and it has little or no replay value . Also , some of the dialog is corny and dumb and the character of Alice does not meet the standards one would hope for or expect . It is somewhat dissapointing over all .
 When I switched from Windows XP to Windows 7 I noted that the Microsoft Picture It ! software , part of XP , was missing . The photo software MS has installed in its place as very user-hostile especially compared to Picture It ! which was very user-friendly . For example , Picture It ! offers an easy to use feature to create multi-photo collages . There was no such feature at all on the Windows 7 photo software , and even when I upgraded it to a later version the collage software there was extremely limited compared to the Picture It ! version.I then tried several after-market photo software packages , found each of them either too limited or too user-hostile or both . In desparation , I ordered Picture It ! and installed it on my Windows 7 computer , hoping it would work . It does n't . So I still do n't have decent photo software . Microsoft , why do you supposedly &#34; improve &#34; a product -LRB- Windows XP to Windows 7 -RRB- and then substitute shoddy photo software for what was great software . Bring back Picture It !
 I loved the Microsoft Picture It program ; however , I lost the disk . I looked every where and finally broke down and bought a replacement . However , not realizing that Microsoft Picture does not work on Vista system the pictures that I had in microsoft picture it are gone ! And I wasted my money . I know ... my fault , I did not read the word Vista and should have realized it would n't work on my system ; however , I was so distracted thinking that everything would be back to `` as it was '' that I hurriedly purchased it . I have thrown the disk away knowing that I ca n't use it on any of my computers and not wanting to be frustrated or reminded of my error in thinking .
 If you own a newer DVD camcorder that is manufactured by Panasonic , Hitachi , and others that records your movies in a . vro format you can not use this product . You will have to buy an additional program that will cost about $ 40 to convert the . vro format to a avi , wav , or mpeg format . If you own a camcorder that records in . vro do some research before you waste $ 80 on this program .
 This product do n't work very well with Windows Vista . Also it do n't work with quick time video at all . I am disappointed and there is not many video capture card that work with Windows Vista at this time so the HDV features is the only good things about it .
 I upgraded to Adobe Primere Elements 3.0 , since the company seemed to have a good reputation and version 1.0 worked flawlessly on my computer . From the beginning -LRB- May 2007 -RRB- I kept getting error messages when reading in from my camcorder . They had me buy another Gig of memory , load minor patches , get upgrades from Apple , but nothing seemed to work . We checked by loading DVIO.exe and the camcorder would down load just fine , as it would via the windows application . Their technical help said they would escalate this and they would call back . Several months later I called and they had closed my request without a call to me . So we reopened it , re-tried a few things , then escalated it again . Several months later I called again and found out it was closed again without any contact with me . Again , we re-tried a few things , escalated it and NOTHING . It is now January of 08 , I called again and the next day they called back and told me to delete everything ADOBE on my computer - then reload the operating system -LRB- which means I would have to reload all my software -RRB- . When I called a talked to a supervisor , I asked if ADOBE really cared if there software ever worked on my machine and he indicated that they really did NOT care if I continued to be a customer . So if you buy an ADOBE product and you have problems that are not simple - you are on your own !
 After reading various reviews on how great this product is I purchased it and have yet to be able to use it . I installed it and when I started the program it immediate caused my pc to reboot . After several unseccussful tries I uninstalled it and reinstalled it . This time it seemed to work , however the next day when I tried to open it , once again it kept rebooting once again . I have tried everything I can think of but the problem continues . It might be a great program like many claim , but so far I ca n't say much good about it other than it did n't cost me alot .
 I 've used Premier Elements versions 1 and 2 which were excellent products . Version 3 adds few new features -LRB- I bought it for the HD support , that does n't really work . -RRB- It has many bugs which will snare most users . I recommend sticking with Version 2 if you have it , or waiting to see if Adobe will release a patch to fix the bugs . -LRB- If you are really curious , go to Adobe 's Premier Elements User Forums to find details on all the problems . -RRB-
 I forgave Adobe when it did n't run on an Athlon XP , even though this CPU is not that old ... I forgave partly when I lost hours of work to a crash that should n't have happened ... The crash was due to an Adobe bug , but I had to take some blame for failing to save . I was surprised to find that auto save was set to the default 10 minutes though , as it sure seemed like I lost more than that.So , I set the auto-save to 5 minutes ... In fact , I started seeing the `` Saving '' progress bar start showing up about every 5 minutes . Then it crashed again today . . I thought I was covered , but after relaunching all my work was lost . Again , I though maybe I was doing something wrong . So I looked in the folder structure and found an `` Auto-Saves '' folder . It even had some very recent `` project files '' . But guess what ... I opened the most recent of them and found that none of my changes for today were there.So aside from the unnecessarily complicated user interface , slow performance , and severe instability -LRB- all shown to be Adobe 's fault by testing on several different systems with no difference in behavior -RRB- , this software will also throw out hours of your work after pretending to let you save it.This is so bad that I am going to take another serious look at finding valid alternatives for my other Adobe software . I used to think Abode was one of the better companies . But this shows that they are willing to release dangerous junk ... How can I ever trust them again ?
 Like one of the other reviewers , I have suff . space on my hard disc , all the processing capacity you need . I turned off all the programs making sure that it was only the Adobe Premier Element running . An unexpceted error terminated the encoding every time . I have done all that Adobe has suggested , like creating a DVI file and loading the DVI file back in to Elements , but no luck . I have deleted scenes . This only made the encodingterminate after 6 % rather than 55 % . Somtimes I am lucky and I will burn a movie , but this is only maximum 1 GB -LRB- happend once -RRB- . If you want to waste a lot of time , buy the Adobe Elements and if your in trouble , do call the Adobe helpdesk if you want to listen to music on the phone .
 I bought Adobe Photoshop Elements 5.0 a couple of months ago and it works fine . I spent two months creating 8 slide shows with over 200 slides total after spending hours fixing up each photo . The slide shows are complete with text , narration , and music . Those slide shows work fine . They 're just the way I want them and they look great in Photoshop.Then I found out that I ca n't export those slide shows to a DVD unless I buy Premiere Elements . So I did -LRB- 3.0.2 -RRB- . Then I exported the slide shows to Premiere , only to find out that all the frame times and transition times and transition styles are all changed.This means another 6 months changing those in Premiere . I ca n't even see what I 'm clicking on the time line to do that.And guess what . After I do all this , the resolution is so terrible that I would never show the DVD to my worst enemy . And I 've spend hours checking the `` Help '' to no avail.One more thing
 Adobe Photoshop Elements 5.0 / Premier Elements 3.0 -LSB- LB -RSB- I recently re-installed Photoshop Elements 4.0 and the newly acquired Premier Elements 3.0 . My computer technician had advised me to uninstall Elements 4.0 several months ago since we were both having severe problems with my computer -LRB- operating system Windows XP Pro -RRB- . I followed his advice , and after many hours of his time , he was able to clean up my computer and make it functional . While I followed his advice , I did not feel that the Adobe program was the source of the problem . I was determined to use the product . When I was able to acquire Premier , I installed both programs . Possibly a co-incident , but both DVD drives became inoperative , and the AV program would no longer function . Several hours were required to correct this situation . Who knows what mysteries lurk with the computer , and I realize that others are using these programs with various degrees of success . I can not give a rousing recommendation .
 This product sweats the hell out of you , as you wait for the program to lag from California to China , and your destination is China ! I got it over 80 dollars , so around a bit over 90 ... I spend ALL DAY when I want to get something done with it . Yes , I have enough disk space , and my computer is not an old hag . When you want to save it as Wmv , which is the `` EXPORTING '' option , it renders first ... which I DO N'T KNOW WHY , but the quality after you save SUCKS even if you have like THE BEST CAMERA ON THE PLANET . It 's all little dots detailed on your video final project . WHY DOES IT HAVE AUTO SAVE , EVERY 20 MINUTES WHEN YOU CAN NOT EVEN OPEN THE SAVED PROJECT . YOU KNOW WHY THIS IS THE MOST HORRIBLE PROGRAM ? BECAUSE SOMETIMES AFTER WORKING FOR IT SO LONG , and COMPLETING , yes , COMPLETING your video and hitting the export option ... the program CLOSES DOWN . CLOSES DOWN ! Then you sweat to open the save project , but gets nothing to show up for you to continue working on . NOTHING !!!! If you can not give instructions , I rather you not try to give it because HOW THE HELL DO YOU WORK THIS THING ? IT 'S LIKE ... SEARCHING FOR DIRECTIONS OUT OF A JUNGLE ON LEAFS AND TREE BARKS . Horrbile instructions !!! I rather you try something else . Thankyou .
 I am stuck between a rock and a hard place . Amazon will not accept the return of a software product that has been opened . I could not test the product without opening it . Adobe Premiere Elements 3.0 would not load on my Emachine with a 2800 AMD Athlon XP processor . I got a error message SSE2 Instructtion set missing . How was I to know about the lack such an instruction set without try to load the product ? But both Amazon and Adobe have covered themselves legally and I am in the lurch.I tried to load it on my laptop ; it did load , but the laptop was too slow and had insufficient hard drive space for the program to work effectivly . So now I have a program that I can not use until I upgrade the computer , at the cost of $ 400 . Or buy another computer , $ 700 . Both alternatives are poor choices . Thanks for the opportunity to complain .
 The fact that when you import video clips , which work fine with Microsoft 's video program , the same clips have drop outs in the audio , making it sound like a bad cell phone connection , kills this product for me . Makes you videso sound like this
 Great looking , marketed with nice features . Hard to use , instructions are poor , support documents are difficult to navigate . Owned 3 months and still having trouble burning DVDs with the software .
 I am bewildered by the spam-reviews for this product . I have a brand new Dell , fully loaded with almost no programs loaded except Premier Elements 3.0 . Here are the problems I have found :1 -RRB- No web support or patches on Adobe site to date .2 -RRB- Locks up importing Windows movie files -LRB- WMV -RRB- .3 -RRB- Drag and drop to timeline works randomly .4 -RRB- Insert into timeline is error prone process .5 -RRB- Creating DVD area sometimes locks up , loses background .6 -RRB- Many random crashes to recover files .7 -RRB- DVD burn caused memory allocation error twice even after reboot .8 -RRB- No way to easily move markers in timeline -LRB- only delete and readd -RRB- . In short , I can not depend on this product to edit and package my movies .
 I wanted to use this product to tape sporting events , as part of a promotions unit I belong to . I had used Videowave 7 which was OK and produced a more than adequate product , but would on occassion crash to the extent I would have to reload the software . I thought I would give PE 3.0 ago , since Adobe products generally have a good reputation.Well , it goes to show that you ca n't just rely on reputation . The program lets me down horribly when capturing the video from the camera . THe camera records DVD video -LRB- VOB files -RRB- straight to DVD . When I capture these files into the PE program , all moving images within the video become pixelated with lost resolution to the point of being useless . I have tried various other ways of capturing but always the same result . There is nothing to be done from that point ... for me this program falls on the first hurdle !! It is unbelievable to me that a professionally released image processing algorithm could corrupt video so badly , and frustrating that I actually paid money for it ... a first year undergraduate could have provided a better effort.I have subsequently gone through the motions to produce a video , and to be honest he layout of the settings , ease of applicaiton of various functions is quite good and better than Videowave 7 IMHO . I was able to produce quite nice edited products with intro , text and audio overlays very quickly . Still this is n't much use when the video itself had already been digitally butchered.If you are videoing things that do n't move you may well like this product . If you are videoing dynamic scenes , give it a miss . Big disappointment .
 Just a quick warning
 This is a very capable program that has too many nuances . For just a simple DVD burn it is far to complex . Definitely for the advanced user , I am sorry that I spent the money .
 After using this product for over three months I 'm convinced I will never use Adobe product software again in my life.Let me explain my situation . I sit down to edit a movie , I own a Dell XPS with more than enough memory , hard drive space ... etc. to handle any computer software on the market today . You 'd think that Premiere Elements could manage to behave itself just like the other countless software programs on my PC . But noooooooooo , not Adobe.After editing over 4 hours of video -LRB- including all the menu screens with all the little texts and buttons just the way I like 'em -RRB- I decide to burn my two days worth of editing to a DVD . Let me assure you -LRB- to those of you who are convinced this a continous human-error on my part -RRB- that I know my way around a PC and the software . The first thing I do is disable my Internet connection , my spyware software , and my anti-virus software . So the only program running on my PC is Adobe Premiere Elements . I then tell the software to burn my production to a disc . This is where it gets fun.I burn my productions to 8.5 GB discs for better quality and with over 4 hours of footage the extra space is convenient . Adobe then goes to work encoding my files . This is an 8 hour process , which by the way is ridiculous . With all the this new , laser-fast technology being developed we still do n't have a computer editing program that can break a snail 's pace.This program then proceeds to push my PC to the limit trying to get this simple disc burned . I can actually hear the cooling fan working overtime in there . Anyway , about 7 hours into the burn the DVD abruptly pops out of the drive with a nice little message form Adobe ... `` Error '' . This would n't be that big of a problem if you ignore the fact that this has happened over 8 times in the last 30 days . Or if you can calmy come to the conclusion that you have just wasted -LRB- and over-worked your computer -RRB- for nothing for over 7 hours.Low and behold , another costly coaster for the collection ! Thanks Adobe!Oh , there are other times too . For example when the product decides it has tortured me enough to allow me one burn process the whole way through , only to find out 8 hours later ... there is no sound to my production!I am running Windows XP NOT Windows Vista so there is no compatibility issues , just a really bad product form Adobe . A fair warning my fellow consumers .
 I was so excited to get Premier Elements so that I could edit all my little video clips that I 've been recording over the past couple of years . I quickly found out that I could get audio but only gray screen for video . After 2 days of troubleshooting I finally called Adobe to be told that Premier Elements was not compatible with my Camera 's codec . Every other software including `` freeware - WMP & Quicktime '' have no problem playing my videos but Premier Elements is not compatible ? I was told I needed to open the clips in Windows Movie Maker -LRB- which by the way is free with windows xp & vista -RRB- and convert them to another format . What a pain in the rear !!! The only benefit that I got from Adobe Premier Elements was learning that I have a free copy of Windows Movie Maker on my computer . What do I need Premiere Elements for ? This is a total disappointment!I 'm getting a new camera next week . I 'm curious to see Premier Elements will be compatible with its codec .
 I had a lot of meltdowns , freezes , and crashes . I had to return the product to Adobe after calling them 5 times and downloading a new driver to fix one of the problems .
 PE 3.0 is buggy , problematic , and barely reliable . My first project was a slideshow incorporting video , stills , music and narration . This application frequently leaves bits of detritus files on the timelines , inserts strange markers at whim , and had copy-to-tape problems all on the first project . I 've worked with Imovie , Pinnacle7 & 8 , VideoFactory and Ulead . They 've each got quirks , but for such a developed application , Adobe 's engineers just ca n't seem to get it right . Personally , I think I 'll stick with the simple Ulead .
 This is my first use of video editing software , but I have done something similar with training development software . I got Adobe Premiere to create a presentation for my parent 's 50th anniversary . This presentation is a combination of old photos , home movies , and scene dividers . Things started out fine , but when I tried to load it again after an editing session , it never loaded completely and basically locked up my computer . I 've got a 2.8 Ghz Pentium Dell with 1GB memory and plenty of free hard drive space , so it should n't be the machine . After some experimenting , I resorted to saving to a new version after just about every edit . Plus I backed up to another drive , which was a godsend because I had to replace my ` work ' version every time it locked up . Funny thing is the restored version opened fine every time , but the next time I tried to open it , it would n't . Anyway , I get the presentation done , and I go to burn it . Like the instructions say - be patient . About 95 % of the way through burning the disk -LRB- about 2hr on a 25 min movie -RRB- - Device Error . My DVD burner is a brand new LG burner , purchased specifically for this project , and there are n't even any driver updates available . Based on the forums , I 'm not the only one getting this error . I 've tried all of the fixes , but nothing has worked so far -LRB- and I ca n't waste more time on it right now -RRB- . I can save the project as an AVI or MPEG , but it wo n't burn it . Instead I downloaded a trial version of Nero and that burns like a champ -LRB- once you get past it 's user unfriendly interface.Net Result - this had been one of the more frustrating pieces of software I 've ever used , but I was able to create the presentation I wanted , so it was n't a total loss .
 Software is good but we have constant crashing problems . We have a 1.8 GHz Core 2 Duo , 3GB RAM , RAID 1 hard drives and windows XP . My father-in-law attempts to use it on a Dell system with the same issues . I concur with the other person who questions whether Adobe performs enough testing or QA . It is also ridiculus that Adobe wants full price for an upgrade after just a year .
 I have been using ACDSee for years , and it has long ago become my default image browser AND file manager . I have faithfully upgraded through the years , and unfortunately have noticed a trend
 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- Perhaps the last time ACDSee was really useful was a late entry - Rev 3 . Now there 's just too much clutter and convolution to executing the fundamental tasks this used to perform so simply.The attempt to win new customers with endless new features that consistently destroy the usabilty of the previous rev is tragic . The packaging for 6.0 should just have call-outs all over it that say `` Another Feature of No Use to You the Consumer !!! '' and , `` Feature Included to Appease the Marketing Dept !! '' I just wish once the MBA wielding drones who clutter Americas corporations would keep their finger out of the pie . In their eyes the company would go under if it did n't remain competetive , but since I have n't upgraded since 3.0 what 's the difference?There are ways to migrate a great product forward . This is n't it . At one point I called and asked for a patch to ACDSee 3 -LRB- the last rev to be worth a damn -RRB- and was told , `` We 'll provide it for you , but this is the last time . We will not be maintaining 3.0 anymore . '' Well , la dee dah , that 's the very service that lost you your customers -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . Next time listen to your customers.ACD See is now up to Version 14 , with a major loss of market share after messing up their once-fine product .
 After having used A symantec product for several years and being very happy with it . I bought a newer version , specifically the Norton Antivirus 2002 , which would only work on my system until the first automatic check and would then completely freeze my computer . After speaking with my computer company , I was informed that this was an issue with this particular edition of Symantec Antivirus 2002 , that I would need to remove it from my system . I then reinstalled it and had exactly the same issue again . I tried my very best unsuccesfully over a period of months to reach someone via telephone and/or computer at your company that I might speak to at your company , I was sent one e-mail that a representitive would get back to me -LRB- approx . 8-months ago -RRB- , and to this date have still been unsuccessful in contacting anyone , or having anyone contact me.Why is that ??????? I believe you have a good product , why will you not stand behind it ? Why will you not give us a live body to speak to to help resolve issues like this , that are in all probability easily fixasble . I was not looking for my money back , I only want this software that I purchased at Sam 's Club to work , if I did n't want it , or believe that it was a good product , I would not have purchased it in the first place ??? Thanks you ,
 Lucky if you can still use the computer after installing this junk . It could break your email , the liveupdate will hang , the package ca n't be reinstalled cleanly . If you need meaningful tech support from Symantec , it ai n't gon na happen .
 I find this product and all the update versions to be cumbersome in that the computer takes too long to reboot each time when loading the anti-virus . I 've switched to another brand .
 Had to install this twice.First time it would not run at all.Buggy and intrusive.Finally got it working , though .
 I was considering buying Norton Antivirus 2003 . But reading all the comments here about the product , made me reconsider and I decided to stay with my older version of Norton Antivirus and contineu to update ones a week . Thank you very much for your product reviews . -LRB- Had to put the 1 star in . It would not let me post this without it -RRB-
 I was running NAV 2002 on a Win98 PC with no problems-until my virus subscription ran out . But I could n't renew online , being informed by their `` No-Knowledge '' base that I needed to upgrade the whole program to 2003 ! So after downloading the upgrade , it would n't properly install , spent a week with their tech support to no avail -LRB- the kicker came when they sent me to one of their links that did n't exist ! -RRB- Support is non-existent ; I finally had to unistall it , request a refund , and move to a competeing product.I spent more time on this thing than I spent removing the last virus that infected my computer !
 I lost almost all the applications on both my computer at work and at home because Norton came out with the def . for the W32.Jeefo virus a month after it started to wreak havoc on my machines , though I had auto-protect on and ran virus scans weekly . When I finally realized what was going on and checked McAfee 's site , I discovered they had come out with the definition a month earlier.The programs seemed to run okay , even though infected , but when NAV `` repaired '' the files , it destroyed them and I had to reinstall everything ! I was able to get away with reinstalling the applications on the machine running 2000 , but on the machine running XP Pro I had to reinstall the entire operating system , as well as everything else ; a monumental pain . At least Jeefo virus does n't go after documents . When I contacted support at Symantec , I got no response at all . What good is an antivirus program if the company does n't keep their virus definitions up-to-date ? Now , anytime I download something it goes into a quarantine folder for a month and gets scanned every few days until I am satisfied I will get no more surprises.Be Afraid , Be Very Afraid !
 I received Norton Anti-Virus 2003 Professional Edition as a Christmas gift . I have loaded and removed it at least five times . I have followed every suggestion offered at the Symantec website `` Knowledge Base '' to solve my problem which is error messages on bootup and `` can not start Norton Anti Virus after startup '' . The instructions were complicated -LRB- thank God I have some experience with PCs -RRB- After very carefully following each step suggested , at the end of multiple reboots and respective removal and reinstallation of the software , I found myself back at the beginning with the same alert message and the same problem of not being able to start the program . I think I will return the product to the giver and go back to McAfee which did n't give me any problems for the last six years .
 This product used to be good ; it no longer is . It is very quirky and their so called support is a joke . They send you to read long articles that purportedly will repair their lousy product , but even the repairs do n't work . You ca n't get to them live . You ca n't even get an email response . Worst company on the internet . My Isp connected me to their `` ha ha '' help line . I waited 45 minutes . Finally someone with an Indian accent answered . I started to talk and I got cut off - after waiting 45 minutes , listening to horrible music . Unbelievable ! If anyone has any ideas about how to reach them or actually get some help from them , I 'd love to hear them . If people had more choices , Norton would soon be out of business . If you have any stock in Semantec ; sell it fast . My specific problems were annoying messages when the computer booted that I could n't get rid of . They had an article on their website about that . I followed their instructions , including using msconfig , which can be dangerous . The files they said I should delete were not on my computer . I tried every remedy they had to no avail . Finally , I had to use the restore discs for my computer - got rid of the annoying messages , but brought my version 5 , back to version 3 . That might have been all right , but guess what , version 3 creates email problems - trading one problem for another . I have spent a lot of time trying to fix problems that never should have happened . The product is not a good product and the company is not a good company . You will get no help from them when their product develops quirks , which it will . All this is from a customer who has used Norton for years and used to have good luck with it .
 I think Norton could do a lot better . I want a virus detector that alerts me WHEN the virus is present . Norton came with my laptop for a free 3-month trial and I ca n't stand it ! So far -LRB- in one week -RRB- it 's let mydoom viruses and other ones be present on my hard drive . And to top it off , it gives me some lame message how it ca n't delete it or quarantine it . Gee thanks . My computer is a whole week old and this overrated software already ca n't fix viruses that are years old . I am very unimpressed and am going to do research on what virus protection actually does work and catches the viruses BEFORE they get on the computer.My advice ? Do n't bother . This product is overrated and unless you 're a tech you may not know how to delete files that Norton ca n't do on its own -LRB- although is n't that why we buy these programs ? -RRB- .
 Symantec no longer supports this product although they will readily take your money for antivirus updates . The system scan goes into a continuous loop and corrections are not available .
 I have been a user of Norton and Symantec products for over 10 years . In the past I have always been pleased with their performance . Not anymore . To make a long story short , I discovered I had a virus on my new computer . I brought a copy of Norton Anti Virus 2003 and ran a system scan . It did not detect the virus . I e-mailed Norton support for help . They replied saying that yes , I do have a virus but the only way they could help me is for me to call their 900 number to pay additional fees to find my virus . What a scam .
 I just purchased as I was happy with NAV2002 but this does not work . it only takes up space in memory and on the system tray . Autoprotect can not be enabled since it causes an internal system error . The msg gives a link to the knowledge base for fixing this but it does not solve anything . Browsing the support pages you see user after user posting the same problem but they all get the standard stock answer that does not help . If you want to talk to a person its an additional $ 30 . Since I bought direct I can not get in touch with anyone for a refund ...
 I ordered norton AntiVirus 2003 -LRB- replaced by Norton AntiVirus2004 -RRB- and I received an outdated version of 2003 ... why the heck would anybody want to buy an outdated version of 2003 . This seems to be deceptive advertising , and I would not recomend anybody from buying anything from `` Deals '' , this was a waste of my time and money , and does n't reflect well on Amazon , to let someone sell something of a deceptive nature and I will certainly make sure that I pass this information along !
 I upgraded rather than just paying for the virus protection subscription for NAV 2002 , because it was cheaper after rebates . That was a BIG mistake . Since then my cpu is pegged at 100 % and my system is unstable . When I remove Norton 's products the pc runs fine . Re-install it and it 's back to not being stable . I 'm searching for a new vendor as Norton is not it anymore . Symantec has yet to respond to any of my support questions and I refuse to pay by the minute when their software has obvious problems .
 I have just spent the best part of a Sunday installing Norton Anti Virus 2003 ... and then repairing the damage!My Win98 system would NOT boot following the never ending install process . I had to remove my Borland C debugger drivers via W98 `` safe mode '' in order to reuse my PC . And the the darn Norton software INSISTED on dialling the Norton site ALL the time - even if I disabled EVERY feature such as auto-updates - I think it is checking the license validity . After a truly horrendous day with this horrible product I uninstalled it . A whole day and 35 UK pounds wasted .
 I installed NAV , and on reboot , my machine is brain dead - nothing works . I email the crack team at Symantec -LRB- in India , of course -RRB- , and get the following , indicating that they toasted my machine , but I should seek help somewhere else : ===== quote from Symantec return email : Dale , I understand the difficulties that you are currently facing . During the installation of Norton AntiVirus -LRB- NAV -RRB- some of the Windows XP files might have got corrupted which caused this issue . In order to resolve this issue , I suggest that you contact your system vendor.Regards , Sandeep NambiarSymantec Authorized Technical Support ==== end quote.They obviously do n't care if they take my money and trash my machine . Now it is my problem.Avoid these people .
 Do not , I repeat do not buy a symantec product . If you are fool enough to buy Norton anti-virus there is absolutly no customer service .
 This is one of the worst designed pieces of junk I ever purchased.I installed this on my computer and it promptly froze access to most of my programs . It failed to recognize my status as a supervisor even when it recognized me as a supervisor . You ca n't even uninstall this mess because it requires supervisor status to do so . Symantec tech assistant e-mailed me that they knew they had a problemand suggested uninstalling it , which you ca n't do as it wo n't let you . I took it off my computer and returned it for credit . Norton -LCB- symantec -RCB- has zero creditibility with me .
 I downloaded this productfrom the internet and have had nothing but trouble . I intend to buy the product and load it from home . The downloading took about 18 - 20 hours ... . I loaded it twice and have had trouble . So I do n't recommend anyone downloading this from the internet .
 This is a horrid product . After the installation , in a matter of two days , caused two fatal errors . Before purchasing this product , I tried the 2002 version and it worked just fine , so I thought that I would save myself the cost of the upgrade and purchase the 2003 version . What a waste of 50 bucks . It is supposed to protect me from viruses which cause the problems like the ones caused by the antivirus program itself . On top of all that , the customer service is non-existant . You can either pay something rediculous like 30 bucks per call to talk to somebody live or use their step by step useless online help guide . Note
 My husband bought Norton 2003 with a license for two computers , and we installed it on our two . My hard drive crashed and I had to re-install the Norton . Fat chance ! The message said I still had Norton Virus Scan in my computer and could n't put in another copy . Despite four -- count 'em , four -- e-mails to their `` customer service '' I have had No RESPONSES AFTER FIVE DAYS . Thanks to a Microsoft tech , I learned how to go into the registry and removed the t-h-o-u-s-a-n-d-s of Norton niblets floating around my computer . But I still could n't reinstall Norton and THERE IS NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT . DO NOT BUY THIS UGLY PRODUCT FROM THIS UGLY COMPANY !
 I started with Norton 2001 & it was great as was norton 2002 . But 5 months after installing norton 2003 ... I 'd like to thrown my computer out the window . The error problem is 4002,519 . it does n't want to enable auto protect & live update or scan email . Norton has 2 websites that revolve -LRB- & I do mean revolve -RRB- around this problem . They have deleted the original with 4 ways to fix their error in programming . Now their website has 6 ways to fix 4002,519 & I imagine in a few weeks I will see 10 ways to fix this problem . After trying all of their solutions many times I have now uninstalled & reinstalled norton 2003 6 times . Norton has ZERO customer service . Remember that folks , if the antivius does n't work , norton is n't going to answer a call or email to help you fix the problem . Enough ! Reinstalling norton everyday , which is what I am doing , is n't worth it . Its time to dump it ! Tonight I did just that . Took every bit of the Symantec headache off my computer . Its amazing how much faster it runs without Norton antivirus . I had to give it 1 star but it does n't deserve any stars ! I 'd like my money back , Symantec !
 I 've just spent a day and a half trying to get it to work . It completely messed up my machine and I spent most of my time trying to uninstall it completely and reinstall it . I downloaded all the relevant documents and finally got help from their phone line . The fellow tried some things -LRB- most of which I had already tried -RRB- and decided the problem was with the Microsoft installer . -LRB- He did n't charge me , presumably because I had already tried everything myself . -RRB- I did n't believe that so I reinstalled Windows and tried the MS installer again and this time Norton successfully reinstalled . But I had the same problem with it messing up my machine . So once again I decided to try the for-fee phone support . The fellow tried to convince me it was a virus -LRB- no way ! -RRB- and then said it might be a conflict with another program . He could n't guarantee he could solve the problem but I would have to pay if I went any further . So I decided to give it up and ask for a refund .
 I 've had continual problems getting the Autoprotect feature enabled . Norton 's solution -LRB- response to error message 4002-519 -RRB- does n't fix the problem , and unless I want to spend over $ 20.00 to let them know their solution does n't work , I 'm out of luck . Terrible support design -- one should n't be penalized trying to get the software installed . In the end , how do I know it 's working at all ?
 I made the mistake of purchasing this product , which appears to have been prematurely released for sale to the public . I am running Windows 98 , with Outlook Express as my e-mail program . Outlook Express has been around for a long time , and predates the release of Norton Antivirus 2003 . After I installed Norton Antivirus 2003 , I could n't access my e-mail account . After trying , without success , to reconfigure Outlook Express with the help of a senior Tech Advisor with my Internet Service Provider , we finally UNINSTALLED Norton Antivirus 2003 . This solved the problem immediately . I then purchased and installed McAfee VirusScan 7.0 , which worked perfectly . I believe that McAfee is the better product . Simply stated , it works .
 Norton AntiVirus has almost non-existent tech support . The program generated an error message that is not documented on their website or in the product help . To get any technical support you have to pay Symantec $ 30 just to talk.The error message prevents email download unless you click an acknowledgement as each email downloads . I would rather have a virus . Actually , I guess I have a virus . It is called Norton AntiVirus .
 Do yourself a favor and do not buy this software . Although it works it is invasive and EXTRAORINARILY ANNOYING . After the free subscription service is up there is a DAILY reminder to send Symatec more money to renew your subscription . This reminder pops up everyday , regularly crashes other progams , and is impossible to get rid of.Per Symatec 's VERY delayed customer service response
 I used Norton all my computer life but not anymore after this 2003 version . If it installs without error messages , they save it for later . Open Norton window and ther you have it -LRB- 1 -RRB- the automatic scan is unabeled and you ca n't enable it -LRB- options then check enable -RRB- . Then -LRB- 2 -RRB- the email Scaning red ERROR X. And after that they want to tell you how to fix these error and waste several hours if it did get really fixed . NO THANKS . They should have fixed these bugs before they sell their products .
 I 've used earlier versions of this product before and was happy enough with it to buy the new version . When I installed it on an XP machine running the new MS Outlook , the program stopped sending and receiving email . Their support site left a lot to be desired and I quickly tired of this game . I 'm sure that there is some go-around fix , but I already have a job and the last thing I want is to spend my time `` fixing '' a new product . I promptly uninstalled it from that computer.I tried it on another machine and it does seem to work using an older email system . But one should n't have to put up with a product that is not `` ready to go '' right off the shelf . Maybe some people like spending all of their time fussing with this sort of thing , but I buy software to improve my life , not complicate it .
 When I ordered this product there were two $ 20 refunds displayed on Amazon 's webpages . I received the one from Amazon shortly after sending back the required info . However , Symantec only sent my refund after I placed complaints with the Postal Inspector and the Federal Trade Commission . This was after the refund was overdue by two months . I had to take the time and money to copy all the originally submitted information and send it to Symantec with a return receipt . I never got a response from either of the investigative agencies but , coincidentally , my refund arrived shortly after contacting these agencies .
 I purchased Norton Antivirus 2003 in November , 2002 , downloading the software . Received a new computer for Christmas . Called Norton for technical assistance in re-installing . Informed there was a ... charge for technical assistance . Asked to receive a disk for reinstallation and informed that would cost `` a additional amount of money '' . ... I decided to switch to McAfee for better service and minimal ancillary charges .
 I repair and maintain computers as a sideline and I have never had a single problem with symantec products . I must have sold 50 copies a year of NAV and systemworks without a single complaint then this mess - an absolute horror in Win 98 and a pain in the southern region for XP . Keep Well Clear !
 This software keeps deleting perfectly good e-mails . Even worse is the fact that it does n't tell me who the e-mail was from . So I ca n't even contact the sender!I tried contacting Symantec about this , but it has been over a week and still no response . I uninstalled the software and I am demanding a refund . Terrible product , terrible customer support .
 Like any other common sense person when something says it 's replaced by another , ie , 2003 replaced by 2005 , I would expect to get the 2005 product . I did n't , I 'm sure the seller will say the old version was being replaced by the new version but not what they were selling . And the outragious shipping and `` handling '' of almost $ 4.00 for what actually costs $ .60 to send . I do n't recommend this seller to anyone . I would give you less than 1 star if I could .
 I have purchased this three times now and had to refuse paymenton all three purchases . My credit card company is probably tired of the hassle but they did refund my money . This is the first time I 've ever had problems with a Norton product . I have also had two problems trying to update my existing 2002 virus update subscription.The Orange County Register published a letter written by another unhappy former Norton customer . They are loosing a lot of customers over this no doubt.I now am seeking assistance on straightening out my setup to start my computer .
 If there was a zero star rating I would give it to NAV.I discovered that I had a virus on my new computer . I brought a copy of Norton Anti-Virus 2003 and ran a system scan . It did NOT detect the virus . I emailed Norton support for help . They did not respond . While installing their Security the first time NAV did not appear then I reinstalled and it appeared . When Firewall is on then you can not receive email or browse internet ! What 's the point using their firewall ?
 I have bought inexpensive versions of Norton system utilities and Norton anti-virus . Both were limited versions , either a beta release or a 90-day version .
 This product -LRB- Norton Antivirus -RRB- was working for me until the `` Live Update '' feature broke it by downloading new client SW which did n't work correctly -LRB- in that ` auto-protect ' could not be enabled and the email scanning option showed ` error ' -RRB- . After removing the product and reinstalling it -LRB- the procedure is a major pain -RRB- it worked correctly until the same ` Live Update ' broke it again . The solutions Norton proposes for this problem on their website -LRB- with many complicated steps -RRB- do n't work for me . I could call their $ 30 hotline but I think I 'll just junk the product and get something better . You might want to know that the Norton web site will not respond to emails describing a problem with their SW - you can only use email suggest product enhancements -LRB- ` Yeah , get the ### ! '' ** working correctly ! '' -RRB- You must find the solution for your problem in their automated data base , pay $ 30 for a hotline call or -LRB- my recommended solution -RRB- give up .
 Do n't dare install this product without planning to subscribe forever . I just talked to Symantec about their nag-ware popups which will occur after the product subscription runs out , as mind just did . They do not know how long you will get a daily reminder to renew . It will go on indefinitely . These guys know their virus stuff and use it to their best marketing advantage . If you love popups and spam you will love this product .
 Norton AV will cost you dearly ... . Money to buy it ... Money to patch it and money to update your virus defs ... . Other companys products like Mcaffee AV will only charge for Auto-Update ... That way if you cant pay it you can update it by hand ... who wants to pay an extra yearly bill . . ? Norton DOESNOT give you that choice ...
 i had successfully installed norton 2002 on windows 98 , but the 2003 version contains a problem where the registryprogram gets into a loop with norton and you have tototally remove norton to use your computer . i triedusing their on-line help -LRB- since the sw only contains a900 number ! -RRB- but norton is ignoring the problem . thereare dozens of posts on the norton problem database aboutthis with no real answers . my solution was to get mcafee6 .0 and that worked great !
 I bought a computer with this 2003 pre-installed for 3 months , updated it fine . Now comes time to renew , paid for renewal , the software wo n't accept the number and I ca n't talk to a customer support person unless I pay $ 5 bucks a minute ! No more Norton for me , who do they think they are ? Microsoft ? Even Microsoft is offering free support on some products . Also Norton Anti-virus takes up ALL of your computer 's memory when it runs and slows it down in general for real-time scanning . Think I 'll go with Trend Micro and exercise the demon Norton out of my computer .
 Constant errors and POOR customer support . No response , or very slow response to emails . Internet site is very slow and not helpful . They will charge you if you call them ... after you are on hold for a long time . Save yourself the trouble and buy something else .
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 Norton AntiVirus is a good programe , however I was upset to find out that allthough you buy the software its only good for 12 months , you are then asked to subscribe for another 12 months , if you do not , and a new virus comes out you have no prtection.On the package there is a -LRB- * -RRB- that indicates the condition , the condition is writen in the smallest type , my guess is so that you do n't see the small print . I rang Norton to speak about it , and was told its part of there marketing policy.OK so I am left with softwear that is now no good , and I am expected to pay up again , DO N'T THINK SO .
 After trying dozens of times to renew my NAV2000 subscription online -LRB- all my credit cards were declined -RRB- I decided I would just upgrade to NAV2003 since it was only -LSB- $ -RSB- more . Naturally the Symantec website accepted my credit card for this purchase right off the bat . Four hours later I still can not get the program to work properly , I receive an error about a missing dat file , when I follow the instructions to correct this , as listed on Symantec 's site the error goes away but then Norton never loads ...
 I decided to update my antivirus only to find that Norton is worse than what I remember . It slows down my entire computer . And when it finds a virus , it ca n't close it on its own sometimes . In the middle of my school work I have stop and do a scan , which took over an hour.The only good thing is that it has caught a lot of virus here and there , but it 's still too annoying and cumbersome to use . I regret getting it . I should have stuck with something else .
 As a long time user of Norton Antivirus , I was disappointed by compatibility problems . The program would not complete installation on my Win-98 system . Uninstall did not work , as the installation procedure was not completed . I ended up paying for Norton support to help remove the uncompleted install from my system . The support representative confirmed that I was not the first reporting the same specific problem and had no advice other than to try to return the product to the store where it was purchased . Goodbye Norton and Hello Mcaffe ...
 I have had nothing but problems with this software . It has many problems with the scan engine starting up . I have tried all of the fixes listed on the support web . However , I refuse to pay $ 30 USD for support for a product that should work . Beware !
 I loved my Norton AntiVirus and so when it was time to renew I made -LRB- the very bad -RRB- decision to upgrade to Norton Internet Security . Bad bad idea . In addition to slowing down my computer , I was unable to SEND any email . I could RECEIVE email and get onto the internet -LRB- slowly -RRB- but not SEND anything.After 4 calls to Norton Tech support who were nice but unkowledgable , I finally figured out the problem on my own . I have two different servers , one for in-coming mail , and another for my out-going mail . The NIS automatically gets the servers ' addresses from the computer , and there is no way to override what it configures . It turns out the NIS had gotten my in-coming server address and was trying to send all my out-going mail to that . And so the messages were drifting out into the ether.Tech support was unable to come up with any solution to this problem . So if you have different in-coming and out-going servers , DO NOT GET THIS PRODUCT.Customer service has still not given me my refund . In general , I think they configure their service department to make getting refunds as difficult as possible . Norton used to be great . But they sure are n't now .
 Di the upload over 1 wk ago ; prompt notifies me that the there is an error to a shortcut as disk must be inserted . There is no disk , I did n't buy the program at the store , I uploaded for Approx three hours from my computer . Attempted to get online `` live '' help at time of installation but was redirected to leave a message , which I did , and have NOT RECEIVED A RESPONSE TO . Attempted to leave another message but addreess is not correct . Still have no use of this program and was billed online .
 If I could give this zero stars , I would.This has to be the worst software I have ever used . I installed it on my HP running Windows XP Pro without any problems -- until I tried to get online . The software got rid of my address toolbar so I had no way of navigating the web . Tried uninstalling and reinstalling twice -LRB- once without the parental controls -RRB- to no avail . I emailed Norton with my problem because I refused to waste more money on tech support by phone and am still waiting to hear from them.Check out the reviews for it on other PC websites . They list endless compatibility issues and bugs in the program . Apparently there are many free antivirus software out there that are much better .
 I did not want to rate this as you do not allow a negative number . I would certainly not give it 1 star . I have wasted 3 weeks of my time and many hours or a highly skilled software engineer just to get rid of it .
 Watch out Norton ANTIVIRUS 2003 does not work with AUTOCAD 2002 . In fact even after deinstalling NORTON 2003 ANTIVIRUSI can not get Autocad 2002 to work anymore !!!! Norton knows about the problem and to date can not fix it yet !!!! So now what ??? Just got to their site and read for yourself ... unbelieveable
 Running Win 98 and Norton 2002 AntiVirus was excellent . Purchased 2003 version from Amazon , and after installation and connection to Norton website was told that the version I had installed was a beta/pre-release version ! Based on my experience , reading these reviews and Norton 's hilarious ` knowledge base ' it is clear that the product should be recalled and fixed . I advise Amazon not to sell any more until Norton assures them that it will not suggest that Amazon is selling beta or pre-release products .
 Symantec now requires , through it 's `` Live Updates '' , that it 's newly installed spyware send info , from your computer to a third party site , before allowing it 's programs to open.In other words
 Recently purchased 2005 version - fellas save your money . -LRB- I had free AVG6 .0 - that changed & went to Norton - have now purchased AVG 7 pro and feel `` clean '' -RRB- - Norton 2005 caused a lot of problems with my laptop - everything came to a grinding hault . Email was a pain , and explorer likewise . Come on symantec , you can do better than this ?? . Reboot was terribly slown . If you want to turn your high speed racer into a 40 ton truck this prodict will do it for you ... Jonathan
 I bought this product because it was up-to-date . Well , Norton AntiVirus 2002 saved my computer completely ! Norton AntiVirus 2003 destroyed my computer . A virus struck it and , all of my programs and documents were gone ! After the virus , I installed Norton AntiVirus 2003 because , that was gone too . It would n't work ! It still does n't even work now ! There is a red X on it and , whenever I click enable auto protect , it tells me to go to Knowledge Base . Knowledge Base did n't help at all ! I even called Symantec and that did n't help either ! I will never buy Norton AntiVirus again ! I went back to the store and got McAfee instead . Highly unrecommended . Buy McAfee , the company that will cover ALL viruses.I hope this helped .
 This is the buggiest piece of software I have ever encountered . I can not get it to work with Windows XP . Now , I ca n't get my online connection to work , I ca n't get rid of all traces of NAV 2003 . I REFUSE to pay -LSB- money amount -RSB- for tech support for an installation problem . Something is wrong there - NAV 2003 is buggy - and I must pay for help to INSTALL it ?!?! Buyer beware - do some research before you buy this program . I have spent so much time trying to fix my pc - and I still ca n't get rid of NAV 2003 's * grip * on my pc!If anyone can help me get rid of NAV 2003 COMPLETELY - contact me at -LSB- local website -RSB- Thanks !
 Norton Antivirus 2003 is full of bugs . Unless you want a bunch of headaches stick with the proven version 2002 . Norton Antivirus is still a much better product than McAfees -LRB- I experienced problems with them from the beginning , but never had problems with Norton 2001 or 2002 . -RRB- Their rush to get a new product out by the new year has them releasing a poor product ... perhaps they should simply name the product version6.whatever instead of by the year so they do n't have to rush something that is clearly not ready to be placed out on the market yet !
 Having happily purchased Symantec 's Norton AntiVirus 2003 at my local computer superstore , I slipeed the CD in and expected all to go well . No dice . I attempted to contact Norton -LRB- no weekend `` live '' help -RRB- , so I posted a message on Norton 's `` Message Board . '' This , I gather , is Norton 's way of having their customers fix their other customers ' problems . On weekdays , one must PAY for telephone assistance , which I 'd begrudgingly do , but the line 's always busy , anyway . On Norton 's message board I see that the identical problem is posted on an average of evry two minutes for the identical installation problem . -LRB- There are 841 customers waiting for an answer at this writing - -LRB- even from another cash customer . -RRB- Bad experience throughout . Customer service is nonexistent and the product just wo n't work!Sorry I did ` nt purchase it through Amazon ! I will next time , believe me!I 'd give Norton a `` 0 '' on this if it were possible .
 I tried unsuccessfully to install Norton 2003 . I even hired someone to come over and install it because I had no idea why I could n't . To make a long story short 3 of us could n't install it . It just stopped after the rescue disk setup . Waited patiently for nothing to happen . Tried emailing Norton and they were n't quick enough . Tried calling and after having to pay for the long distance call the automated phone system said they had a lot of calls and to call back . I called to get a refund . I guess I go to another source now . Too bad because Norton 2000 worked great .
 Releasing beta type software that is filled with bugs on an unsuspecting and paying public is not exactly what I 'd call good business tactics.NIS 2003 caused me to waste an inordinate amount of time trying to fix their problems with issues related to areas of my hard drive and registry that I was very leery of deleting files from.I 'm not a regedit queen , and felt a bit nervous rooting around in there . However , using their knowledge base information , I did so anyway , and in the end , after trying every fix they have there , nothing has changed , and the same runtime error messages come up , and NAV does not work at all.I 'm tired , just from installing , uninstalling , installing other small programs from their tech site to uninstall registry entries that their own software should have deleted but did n't , on and on and on , clean boots , reboots , safe mode , over and over and I 'm finished with this product . What a piece of poo.I am a Symantec shareholder , and as of next Monday morning , will not be any longer , due to this release of such utter rubbish to paying people like me.Everything said on this site from those who had bad reviews is correct . I am computer literate and not someone who 's never operated an OS before , and if I could n't make it work , I doubt most anyone else will be able to , either . Those who did were lucky that they did n't have the conflicting issues already imbedded on their machines from past installs of NIS/NAV that should have been deleted by their own -LRB- Symantec 's -RRB- uninstall programs , or if not deleted , then should be compatible with their latest , NIS 2003 , but are n't . Rots o ruck , folks . I 've never tried McAfee 's before , but I 'm now off to purchase a copy of their latest , hoping against hope that it 's not going to cause me to lose a LOT of productivity time as this useless program has done for me this past week.If I could choose a negative amount of stars for this program , I 'd do so without hesitation . Sad . Symantec , what happened ??? < PP > I 've never used anything but Norton 's on my machines before , and this is really not something I wanted to write about a company that I 've had faith in since 1997 when I first became aware of their products . But this release is so bad , so useless and in fact aggravating , I had to speak up . Now I get to learn a new security system , via another company 's product . Wheeeeeee ! ...
 I 've been a fan of NAV for some time now . I 'm fairly computer literate and I must say that I have NEVER seen a program that causes this amount of problems . It has thoroughly thrashed my operating system . Up until 2003 the software was stable and effective , but no more . Tons of problems have started up ever since I installed this piece of software , -LRB- not the word I wanted to use -RRB- . About half the time my computer will not even start up ! Experimentation has clearly shown that NAV is the culprit . I suspect that this is because of the three `` cc '' applications that Norton forces you to start in the startup menu , obviously poorly coded pieces ... that cause numerous boot problems , resulting in file corruption . Norton has caused steady file corruption ever since I 've put it in , as a matter of fact . At this point I expect to have to wipe my drive and reinstall windows . I 've done reinstallations of NAV too numerous to mention , and have had to do three system restores just to keep my system running ! The complaints about this product have been LEGION , as I discovered upon reading reviews about this product in several different sources . No patches or fixes have been offered that solve the problems . Norton has obviously released a product that was not ready for prime time . It 's off to McAffee for me , bye bye to a loyal customer .
 I bought Norton AntiVirus because I had nothing but problems with McAfee . Well when I first installed Norton , everything seemed fine , that is until I tried to connect to the internet . For some reason this program kept blocking my internet connection , so I had to disable Norton in order to get online . Then I went to there so called user support web site , which is a total joke . They do n't even have a place where you can e-mail them your questions , so you have to sort through a bunch of stuff just to find the answer to your problem . Then when Norton tries to update it claims that it ca n't find my internet connection , and then other times it will work just fine . I kept getting error messages with the subscription , and had to re-install this program several times . I do n't know why McAfee and Norton ca n't make better programs that are hassle free , all I have to say is that I hope that they get their acts together because this is ridiculous . I buy these programs and I expect to get my money 's worth , unfortunatley I do n't think these companies care one way or another .
 As others who have expiring copies of NAV 2002 must now realize , Symantec has made it * impossible * to stop the renewal nag notices once your subscription to the update service expires . To be fair , they may have changed back to the old policy in this version.Once per day , a box will pop up , warning you that you have n't paid your yearly fee to Symantec . Their tech support says the software was changed this year to prevent disabling the notice , and suggests uninstalling the software if you do n't like the daily nags.I 'll uninstall it all right , and replace it with a competing product .
 I ca n't get it to scan my email . My old version of NAV scanned my email just fine . It ca n't figure out how to contact technical support -LRB- the web support is `` closed '' ?? -RRB- . I wish I had not paid for an `` upgrade '' .
 I was very satisfied with Norton Antivirus 2001 running on Windows 98 and using MS Outlook 2000 . I upgraded to Antivirus 2003 . MS Outlook will not send or receive emails after upgrading to NAV 2003 if email scanning is selected in NAV 2003 . Very disappointing . I will probably uninstall NAV 2003 , return it , reinstall NAV 2001 and then select another yearly upgrade .
 I 've been using NAV 2000 and I 've been happy with it . I paid for a renewal subscription to the virus definitions each year and that was pretty much all I needed . I do n't like upgrading to newer versions of a program if the original one is working fine . Well , the first year I renewed my virus subscription they charged $ 3 . The second year they charged $ 10 . Now they want $ 25 ! That 's just to renew my subscription to the virus defintions , not to buy the whole program ! They want $ 30 for me to upgrade to their piece of junk NAV 2003 . No way . Goodbye Norton .
 If you want a peace of mind , then do not get Norton AntiVirus software . I have n't succeeded even installing this software on my brand new Dell machine with Windows XP . The support is the worst I have come across . They keep repeating the same stuff , un-install and re-instal . If it does n't work , do a complete manual uninstal . This manual un-instal is risky , but they ask you to do . But I have done even manual un-installing and re-installing numerous times , but even the installation does n't succeed . I am sick of the software , and assume that the -LSB- money -RSB- I paid for it at Amazon was a total wastage of my money .
 I have discovered that many of the functions do not operate at all . Go to Symantec 's web site and read the knowledge base . There you will see that 100 's of people have asked for help and keep getting the same responses which do not work either . Do n't take my word for it , read the knowledge base at symantec.com . You will be amazed that they even released this one . I am going back to version 2002 . It works well and I like it .
 I 've attempted to install , re-install , uninstall the Norton package I just purchased multiple times with absolutely no success . I thought it was either me or a problem with my laptop-until I started reading the reviews . A side note-I still have 6 months service remaining on my original purchase from last year but with no luck on the time remaining for any working anti-virus on that package and the fact that there is no one and I mean no one to contact for any type of technical support . When you call the toll free the only assistance is to buy new or check an existing order . When you attempt to go to the address that pops up saying go to this site for relief , `` This page is not available '' screen comes up.So let me get this straight . I ca n't speak to anyone-I ca n't e-mail anyone-When I attempt to access the page that the system is telling me to go to , it is n't available . Well heck -- it must be me . Folks save your money .
 In theory it is a very good program . I had many problems downloading . After 3 weeks of e-mails I finally got an answer back , which did n't solve the problem . You can call customer service if you are up to waiting on the phone for 45 minutes . I do n't have that kind of time to waste on hold . I solved the problem by uninstalling Norton and installing a McAfee program .
 Be forewarned ! Do n't purchase this product without taking these two steps : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Call Symantec 's Technical Support number to check their level of support yourself . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Read User reviews on several sites.I am a fairly technical user , who worked at Microsoft for many years . Here is a summary of my problems over the past two months : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Although my subscription to NAV 2001 had 9 months remaining , the program stopped letting me download new virus definitions from Symantec . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I spent several hours over 8 days exchanging messages on Symantec 's Online Support , the only way to get free support . -LRB- 3 -RRB- After much effort , I was able to reach a Customer Service person , who convinced me that I should give Symantec one more chance . Therefore , I purchased NAV Pro 2003 . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Even though I followed all the instructions , I received an error when trying to install NAV Pro 2003 . -LRB- 5 -RRB- I tried to find a solution in the Knowledge Base . -LRB- 6 -RRB- I waited 30 minutes in cue for Technical Support . They refused to provide support on even installing their product ! They wanted me to pay $ 30 to learn how to install their product . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Symantec has lost me as a customer . I 'm going to get my money back . I 'm buying McAfee instead.I 've never taken the time before to write reviews like this . But , I feel that people need to be forewarned .
 We had the previous version of this program and when our updates subscription expired it generated a daily pop-up that interrupted -LRB- and stopped the functioning of -RRB- any program on the computer and indicated we needed to re-subscribe to the updates . I emailed Symantec who indicated there is no way to disable the pop-up without uninstalling the whole virus protection program . One must re-subscribe online or pay a higher cost to re-subscribe over the phone . Not a big problem as long as you plan to re-subscribe immediately , but really , really irritating if you take your time researching your purchases . I do n't like supporting companies that are so manipulative ; I hope this does n't become the norm .
 As a long time user of Norton AntiVirus software , I was looking forward to this new version after reading various reviews of it . However , this is Beta software at best . It 's riddled with numerous bugs . When searching their knowledge base , their answer to these , are to turn off features or reinstall Windows . I believe that their technical support department is overwhelmed with the sheer number of problems with this release . For some reason , they have not released patches for these known problems . Skip this release and look elsewhere for your antivirus protection .
 I purchased this product for installation on two computers , one running Windows XP Home and the other Windows ME . The installation on Windows XP worked perfectly and the software is running.On the Windows ME system , however , the installation program reported that everything worked and asked for the system to be rebooted . After rebooting , it reported that several files were missing or damaged . At this point , I went to the Symantec support site . Here I found that it will cost $ $ $ per call to talk to someone for help.Instead , I searched the site for information on the error message . I found a report about this problem and it said that uninstalling and then reinstalling with a `` clean boot '' of Windows might help . If not , a complete reinstallation of Internet Explorer might help . After doing both of these without a successful install , I sent an e-mail explaining what I had done and asking for more help.The first response was a message telling me to do what I had already done . -LRB- Obviously , no one really read my message . -RRB- I replied saying that neither of the suggested methods had worked . The response was a message asking me to send a copy of the log file of the installation and saying that NAV should not be used until the problem is resolved . I 've sent the log file twice over the last few weeks and have never received another response.At this point , according to Symantec , NAV is unusable on my system , but no further help is forthcoming.I would recommend not buying this product for a Windows ME system !
 After purchasing a package with Firewall and 2003 Professional edition I tried installing them at home on XP and was pleased when Firewall was so simple but then distraught when Antivirus would no scan my email nor my system . I spent hours on tech support , uninstalling , reinstalling and trying to restore my system to an earlier date . I suspect that XP has something to do with it but who knows ? Anyway when I was sent by the system failure message to the tech support site there were over 400 similiar problems . My solution to get another firewall and antivirus and start over . My system was clean and virus free before the installation and now I am at the library to use the web as I am reluctant to use it at home . Be careful what you get even if it does say it is compatable - maybe not so or -LSB- more -RSB- to get Norton 's help to install - should not have to do that !!!
 I ran Nortons for a year with no trouble at all . I use Nortons system works , its been great , runs scan disks , fixes errors , scan viruses etc. ... HOWEVER I upgraded my memory to 512mb of RAM , and guess what ???? My nortons can no longer complete a virus scan on my pc . If i attempt to scan my PC , MY PC SHUTS OFFFFFFFFFF ! Reboot city . So , i informed symantics aka nortons , and the only reply i got ???? `` YES WE ARE AWARE OF THE PROBLEM , FOR SOME REASON NORTONS WONT ALLOW VIRUS SCAN IF YOU CARRY MORE THAN 512MB OF RAM . '' The original problem arouse back in June of 2003 , this is now Feb. 2004 , still no patch of fix to this . I find this the most rediculous thing ever ! How can they charge me almost 100 bucks for something that i cant even use , but cant return either ???? Its a sham . I will never ever ever buy A NORTON product again . I relied on the auto enabled virus detector to help shield me , and tho it did shield most everything , when i ran a STINGER -LRB- free virus/worm/trojan -RRB- scan last week , it detected 2 trojans , and a new worm ... screw this ! Now i need to find out what soft ware is the best OTHER than nortons . Damn shame too , i have never owned anything else in the 10 years ive owned a pc.Thier loss , my dollar goes else where!Liz
 I decided to finally update my virus protection and purchased NAV Pro Ed . Following their installation instructions to the letter -LRB- letting their internet site scan for current viruses , uninstalling the old virus program , etc -RRB- , I attempted to get it to work on my Win98 system . I was getting numerous error messages -LRB- if I closed the error messages it would restart my computer -RRB- so I followed the Symantec Support internet site instructions for solving the error messages . I successfully eradicated the error messages but when I could n't get the program to run at all their solution was to un-do the changes I had made . Which of course gave me the error messages back and the annoying re-starts . After about 16 hours of going in circles and getting very poor support -LRB- if you ca n't find the answer online , you have to pay for a phone call or hope that someone answers an email at some point and then actually solves your problem -RRB- I have decided to return the program and go with AVG .
 I have a Dell 8400 with XP Prof. SP1.I decided to upgrade from Norton AntiVirus 2002 to Norton Internect Security 2003 Prof. Ed . I have worked for over a month now with their customer support staff and it will not work . All kinds of errors and nothing works . I have heard this complaint from others . I 'm going to send this piece of junk back to Semantec and tell them what they can do with it .
 I should have heeded the warning of the other user with the ME Operating System . It definitely does not allow you to shut down your PC if you have ME . And secondly , I purchased this to restore some files that a friend erased from my computer three weeks ago and it did not find them -LRB- even using a wildcard search . -RRB- Like I said , keep your money , you would be happier .
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 Do NOT buy this product if you want your computer to run normally . This product crashed my new HP laptop computer when I installed it and once I got it working it really slowed it down . Norton customer service does not know what it 's talking about . Thankfully once I removed this program everything worked again . This was the worst computer product I ever bought .
 I 'm amazed at how Symantec has driven the Norton product line into the ground in the past several years . I 've been using Norton products since before Symantec even existed , and at this point I can honestly say it 's not worth bothering anymore . The Norton Utilities do n't add anything to the existing built-in tools of XP -LRB- in fact , the disk optimizer is far worse -RRB- . The rest of the tools are hobbled under XP.The bottom line is that this set of `` tools '' is high on gimmicks , low on value , and a waste of system resources .
 I have used Norton for years but this particular program is a LEMON and it can DAMAGE YOUR SYSTEM . Do not install this . Buy just the Virus Program alone if you like , NOT SYSTEM WORKS.This is what happens . SYSTEM WORKS requires that you completely uninstall every Norton file already on your system . The uninstall on your computer WILL NOT do this completely but you wo n't know that because you no longer see the program icons or listings . If you do n't uninstall completely it installs a corrupted version of Utilities and several other programs . They wo n't run correctly . Then comes the real shocker ... trying to uninstall what you just put on ... you ca n't do that either.It is virtually unheard for a program to be this demanding in terms of not being able to overwrite old files . Once you have a botched install ... Which is VERY COMMON . . you then write to Norton and they send you a rediculous 3 page document which is actually much longer because every paragraph refers you to another document on the Norton site ... This requires your `` carefull attention '' . Look around on the net and you will find that even engineers have lacked the carefull attention it takes to uninstall this without harming their systems . Do you even know what the registry is ??? If you do n't you do n't want to even think about going there ... because you can really mess up your system . That is one of the first places Norton sends you and the instructions go on and on and on ... Save yourself some real grief ... do n't buy this and let anyone you know who is thinking about it read this . There are more reviews on eopinions.com ... all bad .
 I installed this software suite on my home PC about two weeks ago . The problems started almost immediately . I should have read some of these reviews more closely before purchasing . # 1
 I Already own and installed Norton SystemWorks2001 . I loved the product . I always brought the disk to fix other people 's PCs if they had problems . I like the product . I did not get 2002 because of the bad reviews . I bought SystemWorks 2003 because my old version would not work on some of the new PCs . I installed it . It said it was upgrading but it does n't . It uninstalls your old version and then installs the newer one . I went through all of the options and preferences , but I just could n't get it to stop coming up with all sorts of features it wanted to run and run slowly . I ended up uninstalling the product , -LRB- it does n't come with an uninstall option -RRB- and putting my old version back . 2003 does not remove cleanly . When I put 2001 back on my PC I kept getting 2003 features popping up . It was a headache . I had to go into the registry to finally wipe it from my PC . 2003 comes with Ghost , but it 's not worth it . Stick to your old version and just get the virus updates . 2001 feels more refined and finished then the 2003 version . And I 'm someone who really likes to get the newest and the best . But in this case older is better .
 I bought System Works because of the Norton name . I installed it on my Gateway computer running Windows ME and had nothing but problems with my computer afterwards even after uninstalling the program . I ended up having to uninstall Windows ME and go back to 98 , then reinstall ME . I just built a new computer with Windows XP Professional . I only installed System Works Anti-Virus . It caused lock-ups with my new system also . I uninstalled it and things went back to normal . I could n't recommend Norton to anyone after this experience . Their technical support has much to be desired also .
 When I went to buy this product for the second time , I had to think back to all the problems I had with their service . They sure have a great web site to look for all the problems you might have , but what if you are really really not in the mood to scramble through the tons of written material , or in a hurry ? Try to get to the `` contact '' page . All I wanted was a place to e-mail a question about why the damn program would not open up , and an hour later , I was no farther along than when I started . Service , to me , means that you really stand behind your product , and want to have contact with those who are having a difficult time with it . Service to me means that you want to open up all the road blocks rather than make more . Service to me , means you want to talk with the customers , help them find soulutions to make the product work , not create problems . I will now see how the other products work , because I will never never never use Norton again .
 I had Symantec NSW 2002 installed on my PC with WindowsXP . Everything worked fine.I acquired Symantec NSW 2003 Professional . After reformating and resinstalling all software and documents , I installed NSW 2003 . Two badWhen inserting CDs with Autorun , the CDs would not launch as if the autorun feature is disabled . That inconvenience does not happen all time . That problem did not show with NSW 2002 . The technical support of Symantec has not been able to come up with a solution on this problem for the last two months.Additionally , SpeedDisk has not been rewritten to alleviate the quick deterioration of fragmentation.The conclusion is
 Not too bad at it 's job but just try getting it off your system.It 's like a virus . Get a free one off the Net instead .
 Never again , this is my third release of this program and it has been a nightmare everytime . First it tells you that it has a prior version and tells you it must be removed . So then I go to Control Panel and remove the program , reboot and try again . It once again tells me there is something there and it must be removed before continuing and then it shuts down . So then I thougt maybe it 's my computer so I go to my other one and take the program off before I start ; the same thing again . You would think that a System Utilities could at least remove the remains of it 's prior self . Each time a new version has come out it 's one thing or another . Do n't waste your money and this was the last time for me .
 Once SystemWorks was loaded on my computer , other programs ran extremely slow or not at all . Very disappointed ...
 I read all the reviews for Norton SW 2003 , and when I read the negative reviews said to myself , `` Oh , that wo n't happen to ME ! '' After running a full system scan , the computer locked up . Basically from what I can gather , it erased/damaged a lot of files that Windows needs . I still do n't have it up an running after 3 days of trying . It wo n't even start in safe mode . Yes , after rebates , it was a great deal , but at what cost ? I hope I have n't lost all my files . This did not work out for me and I advise others not to buy this .
 There was a time in the early days of personal computing that I relished the challange of figuring out how a program worked and debugging it when it did n't . Not anymore . Nowadays when I buy software I want it to easily install , without affecting ANY other aspect of my computer , and then for me to be able to use its various functions without a lot of trial and error and/or study of a manual.My operating system is Win 2000 and my experience would indicate Norton SystemWorks was designed for something else . To begin with , you have to uninstall any earlier version of SystemWorks before installing 2003 . What nonesense is that . My Antivirus definitions do not update automatically as is supposed to happen . In fact , as best I can tell , they do n't update at all even though when I attempt to manually initiate `` LiveUpdate '' , the process completes and tells me everything is up to date - but nothing has changed.When attempting to run `` Cleansweep '' , it starts , gets to a point where the message displays `` Scanning the Recycle Bin '' and never gets any further.I had similar problems with Systemworks 2002 but finally tinkered with it enough that at least the antivirus worked . I do n't have time for this .
 I 've been happy with SystemWorks 2000 on my previous computer , so when I bought a new XP machine , I bought 2003 for it . In retrospect , that was a waste of good money . I 've now spent about 5 hours trying to install it without any good results . The catch seems to be that I had bought their previous product , and when I transferred my files , it transferred likewise . I 've uninstalled every bit of the previous edition that I can even using Norton 's own SYMClean utility . That utility tells me there is no trace remaining , but when I try to install the new version , it tells me otherwise . Short of opening up the registry and trying to purge it of references to NSW , I 'm resigned to saying goodbye to the -LSB- money -RSB- bucks I paid for it . Any advice on something simpler and more reliable ? Symantec essential has no live support unless you 're willing to spend -LSB- money -RSB- more without a guarantee that the product will work .
 Norton SystemWorks will give you problems when you try to uninstall the product . I have used this product for years , and my 2001 and now 2003 versions are very difficult to uninstall properly . Each time I needed to uninstall it was necessary for me to use regedit and remove it manually . This can take the better part of an hour . Also , it was necessary to manually remove all of the Norton and Symantec files from my computer . I have several computers and help relatives with theirs and this product has taken many hours of my time . Many times the installation will abort , and then you have to go through the same procedure to remove it , and hope the next installation will not abort . The product , once it is installed properly will work reasonably well , but the 2003 version is the last one I will buy .
 I bought the Norton SystemWorks 2003 software and installed it on my computer . It conflicted with sound card , operating system and several other components of installations . Although I uninstalled it , there were still some of its components that I was not able to even manually remove . I had to take my computer to a computer store and they had to format our HDD because there was no other way of uninstalling the Norton SystemWorks . The computer technician used Norton Un-Install application and was still not able to remove VERY DEEPLY EMBEDED components of Norton System Works off my computer . I am very disappointed with this product . It has caused me money to repair the computer , inconvenience of not having computer for several days , and also inconvenience of reinstalling all applications I had on my computer . I am in the process of returning the software to seller . I do not recommend this useless and destructive software package to anyone .
 Like so many others , I installed NSW2003 as an upgrade to a perfectly good NSW2001 . This was probably one of the worst things I have done since I got my first computer 20 years ago . I have Windows XP HOME and the first thing that happened was a warning box that would popup at boot that claimed ACCESS DENIED DRIVE C. Within minutes my computer started slowing down and I was having trouble running programs . Finally , after the third resart , the computer crashed . My 9 month old DELL had been operating flawlessly until I installed this software . I tried SAFE MODE and tried to uninstall this renegade program , but it was n't there . I ended up having to slick the drive and start all over again . Subsequently , I read a number of critical reviews on this product . I only wish I had done my research before installing this dangerous program .
 Forget that Norton has a good name ... I even executed a system rollback to try and rid my computer of it after it failed to uninstall . That just damaged it enough to cause a blue screen ...
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 Use the anti-virus but forget the rest . I 've never been able to get the program to run under ME or XP . The Norton suggestion to solve the problem ? `` Unload the OS , load Norton , then reload the OS . ''
 This is the biggest piece of junk that Norton has ever released . After numerous attempts to upgrade from 2002 to 2003 my computer was finally fried and I had to do a system restore . I have used Norton for about 3 years without problem but this release is a lemon . Stay away from it .
 I bought this for myself . I 'm running 98SE with 256MB and a Pentium III 800 MHz . I was disappointed , I tried installing this at least 5 times -LRB- honestly -RRB- and never once did it install properly . I even resorted to following the manual 's directions for properly preparing the computer but that did n't help at all . Antivirus works just fine but Utilities which I wanted the most barely works at all . Most of the components did n't install properly . I tried e-mailing technical service . I was n't about to call at $ ... per `` incident '' . The articles they sent back to me were worthless , or simply said uninstall then reinstall . Last time I buy a Norton product .
 Installed SYS WKS 2003 & Personal Firewall 2003 bundle . My system became unstable . Wrote 0 's to my HD & Did a clean DOS install of everything - still errors . Tried another clean install - same result . Tried again - same . Wiped the HD again & reinstalled sftwe using my old version of SYS WKS , v2001 . Everthing is stable again ! Whom do I contact to get a refund for SYSTEM -LRB- beta -RRB- WORKS -LRB- beta -RRB- 2003 -LRB- beta -RRB- ?
 11Dec2002 ... . Having purchased a new computer , I installed Nortons suite . Experiencing unusual system behavior and doing a lot of research , I uninstalled Nortons after 3 months use , and installed Ontrack 4.0 . My system immediately performed smoother , with less unexplained quirks . After several tests that Nortons did poorly with , I discovered Ontrack performed seamlessly with no side effects , plus it performed repair functions that Nortons could not . The two functions I praise Ontrack is -LRB- 1 -RRB- It * s easy and comprehensive . With the one button Wizard , I hit this and come back in 10 minutes and everything is done . Simple as that . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The Zip program included . Back ups are a breeze . -LRB- How to -RRB- , I just go into C : , make a new -LRB- destination -RRB- folder to store anything I want to back up , follow a few easy how to * s from the on screen Zip help file , and I have a compressed file with all my personal data , -LRB- 1.8 GB reduced to 308 MB -RRB- on my C
 This product has too many different utilities to work with . It often gets confusing and frustrating to know which tool to use . I have found it to slow down PCs considerably , especially with the Norton System Doctor running in the background . Stick with the utilities your Windows operating system originally gave you .
 Do n't be misled by the promotion ! You must already own this software .
 Its explorer section Unstable . Trashed my Writers software . Manual incomprehensible junk . Excellent tutorials but without overview . Do n't go near it , if you are not a DOS expert.My plextor writer has lost its recording ability , so has my NTI CD maker & backup software . Suspect the ghost is riding the adaptec driver switching off the others . Understand NG 2002 was a good product get it & skip 2003 .
 He utilizado las diferentes actualizaciones de Norton antivirus desde hace varios a & ntilde ; os y tuve la `` Gran idea '' de montar esta basura de Norton System doesntwork en mi computador
 to keep it brief ... as other reviewers have said , there is basically NO CHANGE in this package.HOWEVER , the cosmetic changes have SEVERELY SLOWED down the speed at which this program runs.here is what i noticed upon upgrading from 2002 : * boot up time
 I had the 2002 version and now have 2003 . Should be simple , right ? Just pop in the disc and upgrade very quickly -- wrong ! I 've now spent approx 4-6 hours and still not complete . You mustfirst uninstall all previous versions , which I 've done . Then I had to download from Symantec website the symclean.exe and still there 's files showing on my harddrive that wo n't let me install the upgrade . This system works is supposed to keep the system running smoothly , but how can it when you ca n't even get it installed .
 I hate to be harsh to products , esp . since I was a huge fan of Norton Utilities back in the late 80s/early 90s . But over the last couple of years I 've been disappointed at many Symantec products , which seem more guided by greed than anything else . Peter Norton , where are you?NSW 2003 continues the tradition of bloatware -LRB- lots of files and components , many surreptitiously loaded into your system at runtime even if you do n't want them -RRB- , dangerware -LRB- my Windows 2000 laptop went kaput after running WinDoctor and I had to reformat the hard drive -RRB- , and ripping off the loyal customer -LRB- no upgrades from previous versions , as Richard Clayton clearly noted -RRB- . If you run Windows 2000 and esp . XP , you already have all the tools to help you diagnose your system and keep it running -LRB- except anti-virus -RRB- . In fact those tools , while not as fancy-looking as NSW , does a much better job and are infinitely more stable . Also , your PC vendor might have given you other free tools like an anti-virus program , which is probably just as good as NAV . If you have Windows 98 or earlier , NSW will very likely crash your system rather than keeping it error-free . I recommend you upgrade to Windows XP , or find a better utility program .
 This product did not install correctly on Windows XP , did not run correctly . The correction for the error number on the Symantec website advised correcting with regedit which is extremely risky for novices . Symantec has released exceptional products before but this one has scared me away from anything that is not preloaded on the pc at the factory which is version 2002
 Having purchased and installed this product on a Windows 98SE OS system , I would warn anyone away from this product until Sysmatecreleases a corrected version . Already on the Symantec web site people are posting problems that the Sysmatec Tech 's do n't have answers for , and do n't know when they will . So my advice is to stay away from this product until it 's fixed .
 My hOme Xp systems became very unstable -LRB- lockups , freezes , etc. -RRB- after installing this product . Gave support a chance to help fix the problem after installing latest Norton patches/updates but they didn ; t help or seemed dis-interested . I de-installed the product -LRB- from my two systems -RRB- and never had these instabilities again . They need to test their products much better so home PC users don ; t expereience these headaches ... lucky I was more computer technical than most users otherwise the system would still be unstable ...
 I have used and applauded Norton tools since way back in the Peter Norton days.This `` upgrade '' is a real disappointment . I 'm actively looking for another product.First , it is a very minor , and mainly cosmetic , upgrade from SystemWorks 200x
 Watch out for the Live Updates . The latest , 6.04 , destroyed Internet Security . I 've read that they released it in May , pulled it off their server due to all the problems and then put it back up , with NOTHING fixed , in June . Symantec does not respond to support e-mail and they do n't fix what they screw up . Stay away from Norton Utilities , unless you like long boot times , maybeyesmaybeno Internet security and absolutely no support ... even if you 're stupid enough to pay to talk to some pimply-faced intern on the phone ... who is reading from a script and making a buck two eighty an hour to charge you an arm and a leg !
 Use the virus protection but not systemworks or goback.Windows has a restore feature that works , but not if you use systemworks or goback . It is better to use the windows solutions that are part of XP.If you do not use XP , and your system crashes , upgrade to XP .
 I 've been using NSW 2.0 for the last 3 years , and I love it . But NSW2003 loses some program functions I used all the time . The antivirus for it is great , but as a whole , I am very disappointed with this release .
 I am an old Norton Systems Works customer , and I have been relatively satisfied with their virus protection , especially the ability to download and upgrade through the Internet . However , the lastest edition of NORTON , ie , Norton 2004 which I bought for 100 dollars , -LRB- I live in Ibadan , Nigeria -RRB- is not good for the international market . When I tried to install NORTON 2004 on my computer , I found out that it has to be activated on the INTERNET . Well , this may not be good for many African users , but I am connected to a server at home . So I tried to activate the system only to find out my server is not compatible with NORTON 2004 . This is specified on page 21 of the manual that it is not compatitble with AOL , and SSL Secure Socket email systems . Well , not only would it not install , it would not uninstall -- my machine was totally mucked up for almost two months , and I have had to revert to emailing from a cyber cafe . I think anyone who is selling a product , should make is perfectly clear on the packaging the systems with which the product is compatible . I have finally been able to reformat my hard disk and remove the Norton 2004 , and reinstall my email server information , but what do I do with NORTON 2004 , I hope the engineeers from NORTON read this and write to me and solve my problem . As presently , I have no protection against email viruses .
 While it 's working it 's a good product . But need help and you 're in deep doo-doo . I found the answer to my tech support query on the web site , but this did n't work . Contact by phone cost 1/2 the purchase price . They had me on hold for 20 minutes and then told me nobody was available , so they 'd call me back . They did n't . I called them and got put on hold again , and when I got a person they again told me they 'd call me back . 3rd time lucky I got on hold , then spoke to a real tech support person . Their advice did n't work . I managed to fix it myself , but now I have to pay for further updates . Grrrr ... I do n't recommend .
 I spent 6 hours and two service calls w / Symantec trying to get this software to install . I have no idea how well the software works , because I can not get it to install . To install the software all previous versions of Norton must be removed from your computer . I followed the instructions in the manual , but the software continued to detect software that needed to be removed . It does not tell you what software or where on you hard drive it 's located . So , I followed all of the instructions on Symantec 's web site . Still the installer detects previous versions . Both service calls directed me to follow the web site instructions . Already done !!! How is a utility that is supposed to improve PC performance so hard to install ? If it ca n't fix these problems to install itself how is it going to fix ANYTHING on my PC ? Anyway , I am goint to try and return it .
 The product does block pop-ups and it catches viruses admirably.But it 's a subscription-based product , and you MUST re-subscribe . For a full month BEFORE your subscription expires , you 'll be treated to daily reminders every time your system boots up . If you do n't re-subscribe , your computer boot drags to a crawl as Norton slowly checks its website to see if you 're renewed . Then it displays an enormous `` warning ! '' message on your screen.So this has me wondering , what 's worse ? Pop-ups and Spam , or Norton 's incessant pleas for more of my cash ?
 This program disabled autoplay on my CDROM drive and Symantec tech support was no help at all . I , therefore , reverted my machine to a prior state using GoBack and got rid of the darn thing .
 I have been a Norton customer for 10 years and have been very pleased with AntiVirus and System Works . I purchased Internet Security two weeks ago and it has been a nightmare ! I run Win 98 and all the problems detailed by those running XP are happening to me ... computer wo n't boot , ca n't access the internet , wo n't let me uninstall the program , system crashes , etc. . This all occurred after running live update earlier this week . I finally was able to get my machine to boot enough so I could uninstall the program -LRB- ca n't remember how so do n't ask -RRB- . I will not reinstall it and plan to send the software back to Symantec . As an added bonus , you ca n't uninstall Internet Security without also uninstalling Norton Antivirus . Although the CD appears to allow you to install Anti Virus without the full Internet Security , when you go to open the program it does not work . Since I ca n't find my original Norton System Works installation CD ... guess what ... I also get to purchase a new anti-virus software program . Pass by any opportunity to purchase Norton Internet Security and find yourself another solution ... I am .
 The installation of this software was easy . It required a live update through the internet connection and this is where the problem started . There were several files that the software could not update . Because of this problem that the antivirus part of this program can not do a full scan . The dialogue message I got from the error told me to contact Norton 's technical support . The problem is that if I contact the Norton technical support I have to pay a fee of $ ... . Basically I spent the money and got something does n't quarantee to work properly .
 After a week of corresponding back and forth with Norton 's tech support trying to recover from the disaster their LiveUpdate created on my XP machine , their technician told me the only way to fix the problem was to uninstall and reinstall following a very specific set of instructions . I uninstalled , and now can not reinstall because they will not give me the install file even though I have paid for a subscription for the year . They want me to buy a new license for the product . * Their * update broke the software and my PC * Their * tech support told me to uninstallNow I can not get the install files to fix the problem.Very unhappy and frustrated with Symantec . Very poor service .
 I have had excellent experiences with Symantec products in the past . I had no trouble configuring Norton Personal Firewall 2002 . But with Norton Internet Security 2003 under Windows XP , I am unable to load ANY web pages unless I turn off the firewall . I receive an error message stating , `` THE PAGE CAN NOT BE DISPLAYED . '' The suggestions on Symantec 's web site for remedying this problem are of no use , and they have the gall to CHARGE for technical support of a buggy product that does not work from day one . I am glad that I purchased this product from a vendor who will allow me to to return it for a full refund . This will probably be my last purchase from symantec .
 Do n't But It ! ... this is absolutely the worst piece of software I have ever had the misfortune of attempting to install . Attempting is the key word as it has never install properly , has repeatedly crashed my system , and has corrupted other functioning programs . I am currently writing from my old computer as my new computer still is crashing . The manual is worthless for troubleshooting , the website also worthless except for suggestions on fixes that do n't work with Windows XP Pro apparently . A clean boot of XP get this virus of a software on the computer now how can one remove all traces of it ? ... Do n't buy this untested , problem plagued junk ! After all the problems with NIS 2002 it is very disappointing that the Symantec Corp would n't fix their mess . Can you give negative stars ?
 I would like to echo the sentiments of many of the previous reviewers.Having happily used NIS2002 and Systemworks2002 for a year , my subscription was expiring , and I decided to `` upgrade '' -LRB- HA ! -RRB- to NIS2003.The problems started as soon as I installed the software - it did not work on my system -LRB- p4 1.7 -RRB- at all . Then I discovered that to even speak to a support techician would cost almost $ 30 . I repeat - even though I bought a product which did not work AT ALL , I could not get tech support without paying almost $ 30 . Next , I tried to uninstall the program , but it would not allow me to -LRB- it told me I had anti-virus running , which I did not -RRB- . I finally had to search around on the confusing support website to find a program which would uninstall the software.Now , I am returning the product for a refund and switching to one of Symantec 's competitors . It is a real shame because I thought the 2002 versions of internet security and antivirus were great products .
 ... i 've had friendlier virus infections . had to create a new partition and reinstall OS and move my files before i could finally undo the damage and rid the computer of the `` program '' . goodbye symantec .
 This software caused IE to open so slowly it was like I was back on dail-up ! I have an AMD 900 mhz cpu and 256 of 133 memory running Windows2000 sp3 . Also my system crashed with two blue screens of death the day after I loaded the software . I have since removed the software and gone back to ZoneLab Pro .
 I found that the software made my internet feel like I was still using dail-up rather than cable . Start-up of IE was so SLOW!Also my system had two blue screens of death ! I am getting a refund . This software might be good on a faster system , my PC is a AMD 900 mhz with 256k of 133 memory . Be careful if you buy .
 My nonexpert view
 After about 6 months I started having problems with it as far as allowing my hardware to work through the firewall . After getting my latest printer and the software not compatible with the firewall was the final straw . Im sure symantec tech support would help me work it out but I would have to pay $ $ $ just to talk to someone . Forget it ! I bought Mcafee virus scan 7.0 for $ $ . $ $ which comes with firwall and its much better than norton . So long norton
 Upgrading is a mess . This is the second time I 've had problems upgrading with a Symantec / Norton product . I 'm not likely to try again . Conflicts with older versions screwed up the new version . I kept getting pop-up warnings every time I tried to open a Word file . I wasted most of Turkey Day weekend getting things working . Their follow-up service - by e-mail - was fairly prompt and was somewhat helpful , but does n't make up for the products ' poor design .
 Ealier this year I downloaded the 30-day trial package for the 2002 edition of Norton anti-virus and later Norton Internet Security . Had no problems whatsoever.So today I finally purchased the 2003 edition -LRB- of the full Internet Security bundle -RRB- , and I feel like Norton just stole a wad of cash out of my pocket . This after 3 installation attempts and 3 removals of the product.On the first attempt , the installer offered the option of including `` Accounts and Parental Controls '' , or not . I opted not to include . Big mistake . It later turns out that nothing works if you do n't have a supervisor account created , but the installer never mentions this.Then when you try to remove the product , it wo n't let you because you have to be logged in as supervisor to make any changes !!! This after the installer completes -LRB- so to speak -RRB- the installation without creating * any * accounts.I finally got arount this by going into the Windows 2000 Services dialog and shutting down the Norton Internet Security Accounts Manager service.After installing again , this time opting not to have the installer scan my hard drives looking for Internet-enabled apps -LRB- so the program would just ask me in real time as needed -RRB- , I had to remove the program because it was blocking all Internet access.So I installed it a third time , and again , as in the other two attempts , the entire Internet Security feature showed shows up as disabled in the configuration utility , and clicking the command to enable it had no effect . In addition , I could not access any secure Web sites -LRB- https : / / ... -RRB- so finally I had to remove the package , again.And Norton expects you to pay if you want tech support from a live human . So , no thanks.My advice ? If you can get a copy of the 2002 edition , great . Otherwise , consider another product , such as McAfee or even a hardware firewall -LRB- Netgear , Linksys , etc -RRB- . Good luck .
 While Norton products were generally good in the past , the overall quality has continued a steep decline in recent years . Norton Internet Security is certainly no exception and has proven to be an extremely fragile collection of applications . The new `` tamper detection '' system attempts to determine if either Norton Internet Security or Norton AntiVirus files or settings have been altered by external applications and immediately shuts down when `` tampering '' has been detected.Unfortunately this `` tamper detection '' can be triggered by the most common of operations , such as defragmenting the registry or certain `` key '' files . After puzzling over why neither Norton Internet Security or Norton AntiVirus are no longer operational , you might decide to reboot your computer only to be greeted with error 1001,5 alerting you that its files have been tampered by an external application and that it will now restore the original settings . This is immediately followed by error 1003 , 5 alerting you that the restore operation failed and that you should uninstall Norton Internet Security and reinstall again . This is where your nightmare begins.After performing an uninstall of Norton Internet Security and rebooting the computer , a quick inspection reveals that Norton AntiVirus is not uninstalled and there is no option in Add/Remove programs to uninstall it . Reinstalling Norton Internet Security at this point is an exercise in futility . Not only does it not install Norton AntiVirus -LRB- because it thinks it is already properly installed -RRB- , it does not install `` clean '' settings so both Norton Internet Security and Norton AntiVirus continue finding the `` tampered '' data.This is the third time I have installed Windows XP Professional from scratch only to run into the above problems after performing a full defragmentation -LRB- including defragmenting the registry -RRB- of my boot drive . But this time I 've decided to use anti-virus and firewall software from another vendor .
 If you are upgrading from past versions of NIS , be careful . Customers -LRB- including this one -RRB- are experiencing serious issues with installations of NIS 2003 . Symantec tech support is expensive -LSB- $ -RSB- ... , so the cost of fixing installation problems may be many times the cost of the product . The on-line support for NIS2003 is useless , as they apparently have not yet sorted out the many issues users are having . My installation appeared to function well , until a series of issues rendered my system unstable and largely unusable . For example , the program installed so called `` Parental Controls '' without being prompted to do so , but did not allow me to set up the Supervisor account that can operate the program . As a result , I can not uninstall or make any changes to the way the program functions . The re-installation of Norton Antivirus also created what is apparently a registry issue that causes the program -LRB- and my computer -RRB- to crash . Based on postings at the Symantec site , many other users have had these problems . Until Symantec can sort out these issues , I would not buy this product .
 This is nuts . I had NIS 2002 installed , configured and running like a Swiss watch . Dead stable and it worked like a charm . I attemped to install NIS 2003 and I had to uninstall version 2002 first . When I installed this it was one gigantic headache . None of my settings stayed the same . It would n't allow me to configure an access rule for MSN messenger automatically or manually . I finally had to uninstall it AND Norton System Works 2003 and reinstall them both before I got it all to work . It sure was a pleasure wasting an entire day on this chain-yank . Symantec 's tech support is the worst kind of bad joke . On the plus side , once I finally got everything up and running it seems -LRB- so far -RRB- to be dead stable and resistant to attacks .
 Why am I laughing ? Well , for all XP users , you should now be encountering a problem with NIS . The wonderfully intelligent people at Symantec created a software update that is NOT compatible with XP . So , for all XP users that ran a live update on or after June 9 , 2003 , will have a nice time trying to fix/repair the issue . I followed all instructions on the website to ` fix ' the issue but in reality it has not made much of a difference . Since more and more computer users are using XP , one would think that the companies that create software would understand that the client -LRB- you and I -RRB- would like a program that WORKS with XP and not have to download patch after patch after patch .
 I tried this product earlier this year . I was using Win2K professional at the time -LRB- best O/S the Borg has ever released -RRB- on a standard HP box , no modifications , nothing funny or unusual . I , like many others here , have used Norton products successfully for years and I expected the same from NIS . Yes , I followed all directions , removing NAV 2002 software first , responding to the install questions , rebooting as required . My machine never came back from the reboot . In effect , installing this software ruined my O/S . I tried everything to get it back , but the registry was so corrupted that it could n't be saved . Control panel applications , including add/remove software , did n't work . Performance went to zero . Norton 's own NIS uninstall feature did n't work . Days later , I had to start over and reinstall Win2K . This may be one of the more severe examples here , but it did happen and you should know about it . I have used the FREE zone alarm Internet security and a Linksys router successfully since this debacle and have been satisfied . Routers are cheap . Get a router , FREE Zone Alarm or the personal firewall of your choice , and save your money
 I would like to echo the sentiments of many of the previous reviewers.Having happily used NIS2002 and Systemworks2002 for a year , my subscription was expiring , and I decided to `` upgrade '' -LRB- HA ! -RRB- to NIS2003.The problems started as soon as I installed the software - it did not work on my system -LRB- p4 1.7 -RRB- at all . Then I discovered that to even speak to a support techician would cost almost -LSB- money -RSB- . I repeat - even though I bought a product which did not work AT ALL , I could not get tech support without paying almost -LSB- money -RSB- . Next , I tried to uninstall the program , but it would not allow me to -LRB- it told me I had anti-virus running , which I did not -RRB- . I finally had to search around on the confusing support website to find a program which would uninstall the software.Now , I am returning the product for a refund and switching to one of Symantec 's competitors . It is a real shame because I thought the 2002 versions of internet security and antivirus were great products .
 I installed NIS 2003 without any problem and it ran just fine for about a week . I like to play Free Lotto which still is n't a problem but after a week of installing NIS , I am no longer receiving my daily pick emails or the winning number email from them . I stopped receiving online bills , such as utility bills , phone bills , etc and checking with the companies , the problem seems to be on my end . I also am not getting email from personal friends , I know they because they have called or written asking why they have n't heard from me . I also found others with this problem when visiting the Symantec site . I did nothing new to the computer other than installing NIS 2003 . I have written to the tech support over 20 times and have gotten 20 different responses on how to fix the problem . I am going to try the last thing they suggested , disabling the XP firewall and try reinstalling NIS but why should I have to do that ? I have been pleased with Norton products over the years but due to really no help and a fee to call a tech when they have admitted this is at their end makes me mad ! I would n't buy NIS 2003 .
 Due to the high price of Symantec 's annual subscriptions for this product and the anti-virus definitions , I thought it might be a good idea to upgrade to this 2003 version . BIG MISTAKE ! I have Windows 98 , I uninstalled the old 2000 version and I could not successfully install 2003 and get it to work . But , the new software would n't uninstall because I could n't enter the password to the Supervisor account it took the liberty of setting up behind the scenes . If you do n't know the password , you can not remove the software from your machine . And SYMANTEC WANTS $ $ $ FOR PHONE SUPPORT TO HELP YOU WITH INSTALLATION PROBLEMS FOR NEW SOFTWARE YOU BUY FROM THEM ! A RIDICULOUS RIP-OFF , CHARGING CUSTOMERS FOR FLAWS IN COMPATABILITY ISSUES BETWEEN DIFFERENT VERSIONS OF THEIR OWN SOFTWARE . I had to go in and make some changes to the Registry on my computer to get rid of 2003 . And I ended up reinstalling 2000 and I will stick with that . But I will never buy any new software from Symantec again considering the lack of support they make available to their customers . And good luck finding help with your particular error on their web site . I got the old `` Page Not Found '' error a few too many times for their web site resources to be of any help . I sent them an e-mail and received no response . Overall , a huge disppointment .
 I have been using norton antivirus for years with no problems . But the firewall is another story . If the firewall from Norton Internet Security is enabled , you can not get onto AOL . I spent hours trying to configure it to work and contacted technical support to no avail . AOL response is norton 's firewall rarely works for AOL users because AOL has its ' own firewall . It is unfortunate that the largest internet service provider -LRB- AOL -RRB- and the largest Internet Security company -LRB- Symantec Norton -RRB- are not compatible .
 Regarding Norton Internet Security 2001 -LRB- 3.0 -RRB- ... After using this program for over two years , I 've discovered that Symantec does n't support online . Instead , they graciously give the option of calling them for -LSB- money per incident . Who are they ? Microsoft ??? If Symantec wishes to improve their products & encourage customers to continue buying their products in the future , then we need a little help here . I 've emailed them on two different occasions -LRB- which is an accomplishment in itself when you try to find the link -RRB- with no response . Their website sends one on a wild goose chase , seeking a support/contact link , to no avail . They ask which program & version you 're using , to lead to a screen that says they no longer support this version . Oh ! So we 're suppose to just give up at that point & say , `` Well , I guess I 'll buy the newest version so I can get support . '' Uh , NO . What do we pay $ 12 per year for ? To keep the annual subscription up-to-date along with virus definitions/protection . And do n't dare miss updating your subscription . Someone I know did n't update until about six months later & Symantec said it would be -LSB- money amount -RSB- -LRB- not -LSB- money amount -RSB- -RRB- ! That 's half the price of a new program ! She bought McAfee instead :--RRB- What exactly are we running then , if this product is `` no longer supported '' ? Not a secure feeling . So , if Symantec is going to ignore it 's customers , then we 'll just have to switch to something more reliable , maybe McAfee . Symantec , THANKS FOR ALL YOUR SUPPORT .
 I have just spent the last three hours of my life trying to load symantec 's Internet Security 2003 to my new computer . I am completely frustrated with the entire process . I should have listened to previous reviewers who recommended NOT buying this product . I am very disappointed and look forward to spending the next few days fixing this mess . Thanks Symantec !
 This is probably the worst program I have ever had the misfortune to trial . Having been assured by Symantec that it was XP compatible I installed it on an XP professional machine , dual booted with Windows 98 . The installations went reasonably easy and no problems were apparent . The LiveUpdate feature -LRB- probably the only good thing about this software -RRB- worked a treat and within a few minutes the software was fully installed . I then rebooted to Windows 98 and completed the same procedure , in accordance with the Symantec instructions for dual booting.Within a matter of hours , Windows 98 started to freeze on startup . The problem was pinpointed to this software and attempts were made to uninstall . Because the software failed to initialise , the account options were disabled , therefore the supervisor account could not log on to remove the software ... As luck would have it , on one occasion a successful logon was completed and the software was swiftly removed.At the same time , XP was taking ages to start up - and more often than not , this software failed to initialise.I also noticed a number of web pages that failed to operate correctly . This is due to the fact that when using the block popup facility and firewall , this software inserts javascript code to all web pages downloaded to your machine . This interferes with some ` window.onload ' events and also prevents any ` window.open ' scripts from running . To be fair , you can turn these features off - but is that the point ?!? Similar problems were experienced in attempting to uninstall the software . After hours of frustration , the Internet Security Services started and I eventually managed to log in as the supervisor and started the uninstall . It crashed . Whenever I subsequently tried to uninstall the software , I was told to complete the last installation ... In frustration I turned the machine off . It was when I next used the machine that I found the only other useful thing about this software . It detected that the installation had been interfered with and offered to reset to the previous settings . I allowed it to do this and successfully managed to uninstall it.Both operating systems work with no problem now . Strangely enough , when I reinstalled my previous version of Norton AntiVirus 2001 -LRB- an excellent program -RRB- , it appears to have taken on the visual appearance of the new software . -LRB- So was everything removed ?!? -RRB- A very disappointing product and not worthy of any stars .
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 I decided to try NIS because I have been having a great time with other Symantec product Symantec system works . So I downloaded the licensed software from the net . My first impression that Installation was pretty smooth -LRB- It was TOTALLY WRONG AS YOU WOULD UNDERSTAND LATER -RRB- After installation it started giving me too much of a hard time . The PC started hanging , the ie started hanging , the PC would not boot properly . The net speed was too slow . I could not access Microsoft update site . I could not access my bank account . I religiously referred all the web support avaialble at the symantec web site . I tried all the exercises they recommended like defraging , re installing after scandisk etc. . Then finally i referred the matter to tech support . I expected that they would give some concrete solutions -LRB- its their job is it not ? -RRB- But the tech support again referred the same old web docs which i had gone thro.I am a happy man now that i have completely removed NIS and having a peace of mind .
 This software is garbage . Do n't buy it ! I had Internet Security 2001 and I was very happy with it . The 2003 version , on the other hand was a big waste of money . The 2001 version did a fantastic job of blocking pop up ads . The 2003 version claims to block `` common '' pop up ads if you enable the capability . There are a lot of common pop up ads -LRB- i.e. Orbitz -RRB- that this thing does not block , and you ca n't ad some ads to the `` ad trash can '' . I have it configured to run LiveUpdate automatically each day . It has yet to download a new virus definition . I was finally able to get updates when I ran LiveUpdate from the Internet Security screen . Before I ran it from the Internet Security screen I tried to run it from the Norton Antivirus console and it did n't download anything . Hmmm ... Do n't waste your money .
 I 've always liked Norton prior to NIS 2003 . Now I 'll never ever buy a Symantic product again . I 've had nothing but problems with my computer since installing this buggy software and Symantec does not support the software unless you 're willing to pay for them to debug their code . It was a complete waste of my money . I had to buy other software to replace this junk because the internet was incredibly slow with it on , pages would n't display unless I refreshed several times , and I continuously had fatal email errors after installing it . I ca n't say enough bad things about this CPU hogging software.This does not even deserve 1 star .
 Since attempting to install Symantec 's Norton Antivirus 2003 on my one-year old Sony VAIO laptop with Windows ME , my computer would n't leave safe mode , and once that was diagnosed and fixed , the computer was extremely slow , apparently messing with my hard drives ' configuration . Microsoft has been helping me solve the problem.Last night , Microsoft diagnosed at least part of my computer problem . It seems that installing Symantec 's Norton Antivirus 2003 on Windows ME erases , perhaps among other things , the Windows Installer . Go figure .
 I am running a P4 with win ME and I downloaded this product off of the net . When it is installed , my computer takes forever to do basic tasks -LRB- open files , run programs , etc -RRB- . Even when the product is disabled , as long as it is installed , I get these delays . I admit that I have n't gone to a lot of effort to troubleshoot . But , a search of Intuit 's online help and their first response to my email were not helpful . It sounds like it works great for many people , so perhaps I 'm in the minority . It is easy to install and set up and it seems to work well except for this problem . However , because of the compatibility issues , I have decided to use a router with a firewall instead.Update
 Brand new computer with XP Home . Have old hard drive attached as drive e
 Just wanted to warn people not to buy from mediasales2000 . I ordered a Norton Internet Security 2003 from them . Never got the CD . Wanted Norton Internet Security 2003 because heard there were problems with Norton Internet Security 2004 . Got new computer with Antivirus on it . Think Norton is still good product .
 I used this product for about 8 months on Windows ME and it seemed to work fine . However , I recently upgraded to Windows XP and could not install this software so it would work . It would not let me on the web at all , and I could n't install it using the normal uninstall approaches ! In the process , I found that tech support is slow to respond by email -LRB- though you can pay Norton to take your phone call ! -RRB- . So , I do n't recommend this software at all - am checking out McAfee.For anyone who wants more detail on the problems , here it is
 Repeated attempts to install Norton Internet Security on my Windows 98 system failed with `` Error 1722 . There is a problem with this Windows Installer package ... '' I tried recommended solutions such as installing the latest Windows Installer from the Microsoft site , with no success -LRB- the latest Windows installer wo n't install , saying there 's Windows installer is already on the system -RRB- . So I decided to install Norton Internet Security on my Windows 2000 system instead . It installed fine , but during initial configuration -LRB- after reboot -RRB- an error message appeared saying I should uninstall and reinstall the product . At this point I could no longer access the Internet from this PC . I uninstalled , got my Internet access back , and tried to return the product . Symantec will refund the purchase price , but not the $ 7.42 sales tax . Bottom line
 Do n't load Norton Internet Security 2003 if you 're running XP ; You 'll be sorry . I owned Norton Internet Security 2002 and it worked fine , so when my one year subscription ran out instead of renewing the subscription I downloaded the 2003 upgrade for $ 39.95 . It locked up during installation and my only option was to turn off the computer and restart . At that point it would not boot past the XP `` Welcome '' screen . I managed to load XP in safe mode and tried to fix it with XP 's Restore Point feature but it did not work . I could not uninstall from safe mode eiter . Lucky for me I have the hard disk partitioned and much of my important files are not on C Drive . I was forced to Reformat and then reload everything on C drive ; It took approx 20 hours to fix it . I was able to get a full refund from Norton but the extreme amount of personal pain was great . An actual Virus would have been easier to live with .
 I 've been a Symantec customer for years , and their products seem to be really going down hill . I had Norton 's on my old computer and it gave me nothing but trouble , even after contacting their email customer service -LRB- there is no live CS -RRB- . I recently purchased NIC , and installed it on my new Compaq . When the install got done , the machine went to re-boot , and it stayed there and continually tried to re-boot and XP never fully loaded . So , no sweat , I thought I 'd just do the nifty XP restore . I did that , and XP could not find any of my hardware . I did manage to get my network back and copied my documents , images , etc. files to my old computer that I almost sold the other day . I did another XP restore , and it will not even go to safe mode . I never could get my new computer to work right after the NIS install . So , here I set , with a new computer , and I had to go buy a new copy of XP for $ 200 -LRB- HP and Compaq do not include a operating system or restore disk -RRB- . Thank you Symantec for causing me to spend days to get my computer back to where it was before I loaded your software , and costing me $ 200 extra . Lesson one
 As mentioned by another reviewer , Norton Security 2003 was broken by their LiveUpdate patch last week if you were running Windows XP.I have been corresponding with their tech support for the last week trying to get it fixed . They finally told me I had to uninstall and reinstall following their specific instructions . I uninstall and now can not reinstall because I 'd originally downloaded the install file and do not have a copy of it . They will not give me the install file even though I am subscribed for the year and they are the ones who broke the software in the first place.Symantec breaks their software then tries to force customers to buy new licenses in order to fix it . Do not trust them or believe what their tech support personel tells you .
 I 've been a loyal Nortons user for years and recently upgraded from Norton Antivirus 2002 and Personal Firewall 2002 to the 2003 versions . The new Norton Antivirus works like a charm . The Personal Firewall 2003 -LRB- also a component of Internet Security -RRB- has a bug in it that prevents group emails -LRB- roughly 6-10 or more email addresses -RRB- from being delivered and forces a reboot of the computer to be able to send/receive mail again . Many dozen Personal Firewall 2003 users have duplicated the exact problem and reported it on Symantec 's support site . Symantec agrees that many users report this problem but their support staff have n't found a fix yet.My suggestion is to wait until the problem is fixed before buying a product which limits the usefulness of email .
 Maybe this software works on other versions of Windows , but for XP I have had nothing but problems with the Anti-Virus part of the software . And , getting support from Symantec is as painfull as trying to get the program to work . You have to wind your way through the maze that is their web site , and then it 's hard to find where to ask questions of them . Of course , you have to pay to talk to someone on the phone . I followed their instructions suggesting un-installing , then re-installing and the re-install was a no-go ...
 If one reads through all the reviews of NIS 2003 posted on this site , it 's pretty clear that most users congregate into two extreme camps . I have been using NAV for years , and NIS for two years , on a variety of machines and operating systems . -LRB- I do some tech work on the side . -RRB- Suddenly , with NIS 2003 Symantec seems overreached itself , and done inadequate testing as well . In a few cases I found the product to work exactly as described , and to be a pleasure to use . In most cases , however , a whole constellation of problems arose
 After my subscription to NIS 2002 expired , I made the mistake of upgrading to 2003 . It was never stable , only worked half the time and was causing numerous system problems . In desperation , I finally uninstalled and reinstalled . Big mistake ! After the reinstall my computer would n't boot at all . I finally managed to get my hard drive reverted to a point after the uninstall but before the reinstall . Even with the product supposedly unistalled , my system is very unstable . I have heard from others that uninstall does n't completely wipe this monster from your system .
 I had an earlier copy of NortonInternetSecurity and I was very happy with it . I then decided to buy NortonSyestmWorks2003 and Norton InternetSecurity2003 . InternetSecurity2003 has been nothing but trouble . I have been trying to get it to work for over a month with no success . The 2003 program says the older program has to be removed before the new one can be installed . The program is not designed to remove the previous version and even worse , once the old program is removed the new one still will not install . It refuses to acknowledge that the old program is gone . The NORTON web site acknowledges the problem , offers a solution , but the solution does not work . I was even more disappointed when I found that my new NortonSystemWorks2003 -LRB- CleanSweep that promises to remove old software applications and their files -RRB- would not remove the old InternetSecurity program to the satisfaction of the new InternetSecurity2003 program . I am stuck with an expensive usless program and it looks as if I am going to have to pay someone to fix the problem for me . Norton is too big a company and the programs are too expensive to have problems like this with no satisfactory solution short of paying them to correct a problem that they created by designing a program that does not even remove an earlier version . I feel RIPPED-OFF .
 I 've used Norton products -LRB- Internet Security , System Works Pro , AntiVirus and more -RRB- for years . But now they have really taken a great product and made it so difficult for existing users to upgrade that I think it might be time to move on . This has to be the worst upgrade -LRB- from 2002 to 2003 -RRB- of any software I 've ever seen . It 's great if you have never had it on your system before . But watch out if you are trying to place the 2003 version on your system if you have 2002 already installed . Until Norton fixes this problem , I 'm through with Norton .
 I would echo what other reviewers have said about this product . Once I upgraded to XP it stopped working completely . I could n't uninstall it , nor could I get it to work properly . I also had to go into my registry to finally -LSB- remove -RSB- the darn thing . This was very frustrating , do n't make the same mistae I did - AVOID THIS PRODUCT
 Had to uninstall norton anti-virus first , which worked fine , then installed norton internet security . Then the problems began , programs that had worked , stopped working , could n't access various things . Tried the manual , tried their `` award winning '' online support . hah , the site would n't even let me get to the appropriate areas because I did n't pick a version of 2003 . yet there are no versions of 2003 , only the basic product . Tried to uninstall the product , it would n't let me , said I did n't have the password , though I had n't activated the password feature . Then after solving that it would n't let me uninstall because , `` Norton Internet Security is still running on your . . '' It took 2 days to figure this out . What a pain . Strongly recommend you save yourself vexation and leave this product alone . Then after all this they want 29.95 to talk with you on the phone , told them no thanks , that I thought it was unethical to sell a bad product and then charge big bucks to fix it . In other words , save yourself and run .
 I installed this product and it gobbles up a huge amount of system resources . It also will not allow me to visit HP.com , Adobe.com as well as other sites . Keeps saying server not found or DNS error . I even uninstalled the product and still can not access the sites . It is not my ISP becuase if I hook up my laptop on the same phone line , it connects to the sites right away -LRB- laptop never had this piece of junk program installed on it -RRB- Read other message boards Cnet.com for one and look at the horror stories for this product . Had my computer at a service department and was told that this program totally destroys some computers and the programs with them and my only option now is to relaod the enitre operating system and if that does not work reformat my entire hard drive to get this monster off my computer . Beware of this product . Read the reviews from Cnet.com by the people who actually use the product not the editorial review . Wish I could give it a lower score than 1 star . Totally wrecked my pc from which I can tell is more common than it should be . Bye the way tech support is a joke , -LSB- paid -RSB- to talk to someone when the product is brand new , and the online version is horrible and forget about getting an email from tech support . Company treats its consumers like -LSB- badly -RSB- . I used to be a loyal Norton User and customer , not anymore !!!!!
 This product has not been debugged for use with Windows XP . I spent 2 hours trying to get my computer to reconnect with the internet after installing it . It would not deinstall properly no matter what and I finally got it to work by installing it again and deinstalling it twice . Then it pointed me to an internet provider I had never used before in my life ! I had to deinstall it again , program by program , using the control panel 's remove programs feature instead of the software 's deinstall feature . All together , A giant pain in the sit-upon !!!
 I purchased NIS on May 31 , 2003 and returned it a week later . I removed all the software before installing but I had problems after problems . Ironically , all my problems were addressed on Symantec 's website , updated 5/23/03 . As I told them , they have an answer for everything but not a solution that works . I am the only one on my PC , which is running XP , yet NIS says I have no supervisor rights . My startup , once I get to the desk top , is more than 5 minutes . I excluded NIS from loading at startup but still had to wait for NIV to show up on the tray . Then when I tried to open NIS everything was disabled . I have reinstalled countless times , followed all the quick fixes and decided that the one problem they listed is what I had - `` NIS is corrupted '' . They had that on their web site ! It 's fortunate that some of you had no problems with NIS but if you check their web site you will see that others did . And , anyone who has had Norton for years knows that their customer service is the worst in the industry .
 I was having a problem on my computer that we discovered was corruption in NIS 2002 and since I was just a few months away from my subscription expiring , I went ahead and purchased NIS 2003 . Big mistake . As of this moment , I still dont have 2002 entirely uninstalled or ever had a sucessful installation of 2003 . My father is a computer programmer and familiar w / Symantec products and we spent about 18 hours trying to uninstall and reinstall the two products this weekend . It 's horrifying that Symantec would charge 30 bucks to customers for help fixing their installation bugs and finding help on their website was very difficult -LRB- even if you know what you 're doing -RRB- . I will never buy a Symantec product again . I will also be writing to PC Magazine to challenge their recommendation . BEWARE .
 Norton Internet Security 2003 depends , much like McAfee 's Internet Security 5.0 , on a feature called -LRB- by Norton -RRB- `` LiveUpdate . '' These are downloaded upgrades to the software , several per week , that keep you current on Internet dangers . As far as Norton 's virus updates go , no problem . But the `` program updates '' can be a huge problem . See Support Document ID 2003041114455436 on www.symantec.com -LRB- Symantec is the manufacturer of Norton products -RRB- -- just drop the ID number into the search blank on the site . This is the company 's explanation of the bad effects one of its own downloads , Norton Internet Security Program Update Patch 6.04 , is having on many customers ' computers , including in many instances the security software not turning on when you reboot your computer , meaning you ca n't go online protected . The patch , first released in April -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , was withdrawn from the server . It was re-released by Symantec in June -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and , per the company 's own support document , is again causing problems for some users . The bottom line is that it 's hard to trust a company that you pay to protect you online when its own `` upgrades '' to your system can switch off that very security software you 've bought from them .
 For many users who choose the parental control options , the supervisor password stops functioning . Check their support website . Hundreds of users have complained about this . There responses to this are to simply uninstall the software -LRB- you have to use a special program to do this because you do n't have the supervisor 's password -RRB- and reinstall .
 Symantec 's Norton Internet Security combines a firewall , anti-virus and ad blocking in a nice package . The LiveUpdate feature makes updates easy . However , Symantec will give you LITTLE to NO support even if you find a bug with their product . Good luck contacting them because they have hidden their phone numbers on their website to force you to solve problems yourself . The problem is that some problems are not solvable by anyone other than Symantec . For example , they have a bug that basically breaks ad blocking . Ad blocking does not work . I paid for this functionality and it is completely broken . They gave no way of reporting the problem and left us customers in the dust . There are other problems too that happen from time to time . The anti-virus software sometimes ca n't scan your e-mail . So , you wo n't be able to read your e-mail until they fix their software OR you take the risk of disabling antivirus and getting a potential e-mail virus . I urge everyone who owns this product to complain to Symantec about their complete lack of support . It 's one thing if they want to filter out common user problems that waste their tech support staff 's time but it 's another issue entirely to leave your customers with no recourse .
 I 've uninstalled this product , waiting for the day when I have hours and hours to sit and reread the installation instructions so several software titles do n't crash on me as they did with my first attempt at installation ... very complicated . Should have kept my previous firewall , which ran flawlessly . I was influenced to switch by Symantek 's claim to better security coverage , which wo n't do me any good if I ca n't install the thing !
 I have been a fan of Norton for a while and purchased Norton Internet Security 2003 to upgrade my 2002 version . The new product is very similar to 2002 with the annoying exception of not being able to scan my hard drive . I consistently get a msvcrt.dll error and Symantec is unable to correct this . If you look on Symantec 's technical support bulletin board , there is a large number of people with the same problem . The solutions provided by Symantec do NOT work . This seems to be a problem with the programming and not my computer . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT UNTIL THEY RESOLVE THIS PROBLEM .
 I had NAV 2001 and it works great , but I wanted the additional protection of a firewall . I read all the negative reviews before buying this product ... I 'm not running XP -LRB- I have ME -RRB- and I knew to uninstall any competing software before installing NIS , so I thought I 'd take the chance . Big mistake.First problem
 This software is a mortal disaster . Even when I tried to uninstall it , it would not uninstall properly and , of course , I can not reinstall it properly either.Support from Symantec is nonexistent . 6 emails to them have gone unanswered , as soon as they take your money , they want nothing more to do with you.I can not recommend this prodect in the slightest , it can destroy your computer -LRB- as it seems to have done to mine -RRB- and is , ironically , worse than the worse virus you could ever encounter to remove .
 I am a web developer who has been having to deal with this software . Symantec does n't tell you , but this program actually reads * all * incoming HTML pages and then just decides what images to show or not . It also * injects * scripts into each page that will cause JavaScript to break , to many websites will not render properly . And the worst part is , you wont know it!I would not recommend this software for anyone . There are many better solutions for AD and popup blocking , as well as Firewall control . Many are free .
 Symantec does not offer much in the way of customer support . The website is difficult to navigate ; there is no on-line support other than a `` virtual '' assistant -- no live on-line help . The company discourages telephone support
 I would advise anyone considering buying this useless piece of crap to avoid it like the plague.NIS 2003 has caused no-end of problems on my previously stable and smooth running system since its installation a month ago . Worst of all you ca n't get rid of the thing . Neither its own uninstaller nor Windows uninstaller will remove it completely and as a consequence of it burrowing into Windows registry files when you finally DO get them off , you are left with gaping holes and a wrecked OS . I am left looking at a reformat and full re-installation of Windows XP thanks to this piece of s *** . I would also add that Symantec 's website is useless and a premium rate support line is an insult to their customers . I will never buy anything from Symantec again . If you need a Firewall get the excellent Zone Alarm from Zone Labs . Even the free download version is good .
 I echo the experiences of other reviewers who have suffered at the hands of Symantec 's sloppy programming and poor customer service . I downloaded an update for NIS 2002 which rendered the program incapable of displaying images on a web page . Their so-called `` solution '' required users to hand type long web addresses into a dialog box on a page by page basis to permit what they called referral information . Not only did n't it work consistently on a given page , every page on that same website had to be programmed for viewing individually . In other words , I paid for the program and now I have to do their software programming for them as well . I do n't think so . It does n't matter if NIS 2003 would solve the problem -LRB- I do n't know -RRB- . It 's their insulting corporate attitude that 's the problem.I bought McAfee Internet Security instead of renewing with Symantec . It works perfectly and its features are superior .
 Install on Win ME was a living hell . I did not install controls but within 1 hour I was locked out of the program . I could not even uninstall it the right way . -LRB- Control Panel -RRB- kept telling me I needed the '' Administrators Permission '' I have used their Antivirus for years and had no problems with Internet Security 2002 . Reinstalled the old 2002 and it works fine .
 This thing has destroyed my ability to mail consistently . After installing , I can not send mail 80 % of the time , but then it will mysteriously work once in a while . AVOID . DO NOT BUY THIS . zero stars . No , it is not just my computer , it happens on another system as well .
 I just watched NIS 2003 destroy my bosses laptop . It worked great for a month . Then it shut down the internet and disabled IE6 and Outlook . We called the pay for support because our ISP could not get a ping . The `` tecky '' talked us through a complete uninstall and reinstall but the problem persists . He then had us do a revert to EI5 which wiped out a years email after he insured us it would not . I asked specifically about the inbox . This guy has no clue but Norton 's let him loose on us anyways . I have this moster on my home computer but not for long . Good bye Nortons .
 I bought and installed this horrendous program on my computer . It worked well , although it significantly slowed down my computer , for about two weeks . Then one morning , I could n't get my internet browser to work . I was on the internet , but could n't do anything . Two error messages for `` unknown errors '' appeared in Internet Explorer . An error message started to appear every time Windows 98 loaded.I tried to uninstall the NIS program , but it would n't let me . I tried to access the NIS program , but it would n't let me . So I emailed Norton Tech Support . They responded , but their instructions did n't help . Their uninstall program caused errors on my computer . So what 's left to do ?? Format C is it .3 years , and 16 gigs of information shot.This program is garbage . Buyer Beware .
 NIS 2k3 is really WRQ 's masterpiece AtGuard , brought intothe Symantec fold . For anyone who started their computinghobby or career with Norton 's software and books , or CentralPoint 's software and hardware products , you know where I ` mgoing with this
 If you want to block ads , feature that will eventually block almost all functional web browsing , if you want to have the most awful experiencie with pop-up alerts ... if you really really really hate youself and want to have a heart attack , then get super Norton Internet Security !!! Specific rules on traffic DOES NOT WORK , the software behaves the way it way set by default and THAT 'S IT!Forget about advanced features or anything that goes outside the tinny box you bought.This thing is the worst thing you could ever buy ... I WANT MY MONEY BACK !!!!!
 Ever since I installed the my 2007 Norton Internet Security , I have received more pop-ups than ever . I never had problems with pop ups until I installed Norton.Does anyone know why I am suddenly getting the popups ? Did I skip a step when I installed the software ? Any help would be great !
 I had the Norton 2002 edition pre-installed on my Compaq 6350 computer and kept getting updates since.I only recently noticed that it was using up CPU big time and slowed my recently installed DSL connection . Also , it kept blocking javascript photo-enlargers and just by trial and error , I had to set adjustments for individual sites just to get them to open things like polls , message boards , etc.AT & T ; / Yahoo has it 's own security as long as I keep my DSL account with them , so I dropped Norton with no regrets . If you 're a Norton die-hard , just get the anti-virus , not the whole suite .
 I 've always heard about the integrity of Symantec/Norton products to take care of my pc issues . However I have been greatly disappointed . Even when the suite was installed and updated I had problems I could not identify and resolve . Finally in frustration I uninstalled the program and tried another product . Immediately 39 problems were found and corrected that Norton did not . When my licenses expire I will be switching all my pc 's to internet security with McAfee .
 I was extremely disappointed with Norton Internet Security 2003 . I expected better from Norton , their products are usually decent.This software does not do what it 's supposed to do for content filtering . It blocks at best 60 % of the web sites that it should . And it lets about 40 % of the hardcore porn sites through . Do not use this product for content filtering.Parents this could lead you to believe your children are safe , when in fact they are not.Two thumbs down , I wasted the money .
 This product gives 100 % protection by blocking you from the internet completely . Worse , you ca n't uninstall it . Do n't bother to call Tech Support as each phone call will cost about as much as buying a new product.Like other customers I had problems logging on as `` Supervisor '' in order to uninstall , as there was no log on/log off screen -LRB- contrary to what the screenshots in the manual show you -RRB- . I finally managed to get access by creating a new Windows XP user with the same name as the NIS Supervisor account that I was barred from . I then logged myself off XP and logged onto XP again as this `` Supervisor '' . Suprisingly , it worked . When I opened up Norton Internet Security , I found that it had automatically logged me on as Supervisor as well.Now that is Norton * security * . But anyway I was relieved ; the bug allowed me to happily go about removing this useless software package from my computer .
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 I 've been a loyal Nortons user for years and recently upgraded from Norton Antivirus 2002 and Personal Firewall 2002 to the 2003 versions . The new Norton Antivirus works like a charm . The Personal Firewall 2003 -LRB- also a component of Internet Security -RRB- has a bug in it that prevents group emails -LRB- roughly 6-10 or more email addresses -RRB- from being delivered and forces a reboot of the computer to be able to send/receive mail again . Many dozen Personal Firewall 2003 users have duplicated the exact problem and reported it on Symantec 's support site . Symantec agrees that many users report this problem but their support staff have n't found a fix yet.My suggestion is to wait until the problem is fixed before buying a product which limits the usefulness of email .
 Norton products in general do there job decently . But there are several free firewall software packages out there that will do the job just as well , but for FREE!try -LSB- website -RSB- -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- or a product caled `` Tiny Personal Firewall '' available at download.com . In fact everyone of nortons products can be replaced for free and most of these free softwares work better than norton products . Such as AVG , a anti-virus software package that in the free version provides you with all updates , for free , that norton will for a monthly fee . the norton brand name is absolutly worthless . Do your homework you can do better !
 Although this product works well it is large and degrades the performance of most PC 's . Zone Alarm Pro is faster and works just as well -LRB- if not better -RRB- . Norton has lost their edge in an effort to bring a `` new and improved '' product to market each year .
 I recently upgraded to this version of NPF , and my computer runs much slower ever since . There are many things I do n't like about the install process , about the user interface , and I really do n't think it was worth my money . There 's a recommendation among these reviews to go to download.com and get some freeware . Even though I 've already paid for a year 's subscription to Norton 's antivirus updates , I 'm very tempted to through the whole thing away and try the freeware .
 This product is expansive and lacks a real anti-trojan protection . It does n't check the binaries integrity . The logs are storing less than 10 % of the usefull informations and lack to be automatically generated in a standard format . All the default rules are not described , and this product fails to explain the rules priority , this can generate a mess into the security . BR > And the last but not the least
 Norton Personal Firewall does n't work properly with Alcatel modems , making it crash on startup . Norton acknowledges this problem and asks you to update this software over the internet . How you 're supposed to do that when it 's crippled your internet connection , they do n't say . Tiny Personal Firewall is a much better bet .
 I have a Sprint wireless Broadband and I was told that hackers like to explore users who have broadband access and I need a firewall . There are two options for firewall
 If you have Norton Firewall 2002 avoid this thing like the plague ! It protects , but it only works every third time I boot the computer . If you plan to buy it DO N'T , if you have it on order cancel it ! if you have purchased it DO NOT open the package , NO ONE refunds opened software , so if it do n't work out , tough ! so heed my warning !
 This product is expansive and lacks a real anti-trojan protection . It does n't check the binaries integrity . The logs are storing less than 10 % of the usefull informations and lack to be automatically generated in a standard format . All the default rules are not described , and this product fails to explain the rules priority , this can generate a mess into the security . You can see this at ... And the last but not the least
 Do NOT buy ANY Symantec Product UNLESS YOU WILL NEVER HAVE A NEED FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE - THERE IS NONE ! I have just spent 4 hours AFTER HAVING PAID for SUBSCRIPTION RENEWAL trying to get my Firewall renewal activated . After going through 15 menus on-line to try and email customer service , I was given a form . I entered the info . When I finally got an email response , it had nothing to do with my question , then told me if it did n't help , I would have to REPEAT THE ENTIRE ON-LINE Process ! I then called their `` Customer Service '' line - PUT ON HOLD FOR 30 MINUTES ! Finally had to redo renewal by phone without answer to question . This is typical of ANY NORTON PRODUCT CUSTOMER SERVICE !
 I have been loyal to Norton for almost a decade . No more.Positive-NAV seems to be working ok -LRB- so 1 star -RRB- Negative-the abusive activation schemethe bundled trash programs -LRB- FIREWALL , etc. -RRB- -LRB- deserves minus stars and circular file -RRB- Firewall will 100 % protect you from internet intrusion and infection , because it cuts you off from the internet . It is very user unfriendly , it does n't provide adequate support -LRB- It cuts you off from the internet , the manual is useless and the ONLY source of help provided is an internet address !!!!!!!!! -RRB- An example of the stupid controls
 The Good
 It is difficult to make a utility program that works with various operating systems , because in many cases it has to bypass the operating system to work.That said , Symantec should be able to design with this in mind . But it looks like they have n't . I had an installation of Windows 2000 with Norton 2002 working fine . I made the mistake of upgrading to XP - a mistake because it seems that Norton ca n't cope with this.I have a file of nearly 5,000 photos which worked fine under Windows 2000 . Under XP each time you opened a file the computer came to a halt for several seconds . This was because Norton Anti-virus was scanning the database.Eventually I decided to make a clean installation -LRB- not an upgrade -RRB- of Windows XP . I figured that Norton 2002 would have problems so I ordered Norton 2003 . I installed XP and some applications and the system ran fine . Then I made the mistake of installing Norton 2003 . I put in the CD and the program started installing Norton AntiVirus . Suddenly for no reason the computer crashed and restarted . When it moved into Windows I had a message saying that some program had interfered with the installation . It was obvious that things were bad so I went to the programs uninstall , and managed to get rid of most of what was there.This did n't stop the warning notice appearing every time I started XP . I tried removing all the Norton folders in the program files and got rid of every file but one - this was `` in use by Norton Anti-virus . '' Even after I renamed the folder the warning message still appeared.The warning message had a link to the Norton web site , where the problem was acknowledged and there were instructions on how to get rid of it . However , one step was to go into the registry and manually remove two lines , with all the possibility of major damage if this was n't done correctly.That 's when I really lost it with Norton . I 've been working with programs that use the registry since around May 1995 -LRB- the Windows 95 preview edition -RRB- and I have NEVER had to alter the registry by hand . They know their program causes a problem yet they can not write a simple program to make sure the mistake is cleared up without risk.Had I cleaned up the registry manually I would then -LRB- according to Norton -RRB- be in a position to reinstall their software . Given the trouble I had with it I 'd rather not go through all that gain , so I 'll wait for XP Service Pack 2 for Anti-virus . The only other feature I use regularly is speed disk , but PC Magazine says that it 's much slower than the XP disk defragmenter.As someone else here says , such a pity a program you used to recomend automatically has sunk so low .
 There was a time when Norton Systemworks was arguably regarded as the best utility suite for non-geek computer users -- it did all it purported to do with unequaled user friendliness and reliability . For reasons not clear to me , the product began having problems in the 2002 version , and by this , the 2003 version , it became only marginally reliable . When it installs correctly , it works like a dream . But out of a dozen or so Win2000 and WinXP computers I 've built in the past year , it has only installed on 5 of them . Add/Remove doesnt get rid of it after a failed install -- but Symantec graciously offers a webpage of 100 or so registry edits to get around that -- read it if you 're considering the purchase as your likely future some Sunday afternoon . For the scores of hours I 've spent repairing the damage done by Symantec to my systems , it will be years before I ever trust anything branded by them again . ...
 I bought this to try and rescue a non-booting Win2k machine . Window 's CHKDSK was n't fixing the problem , so I thought I 'd buy Norton 's in the hopes that it would keep me from having to reformat and reinstall Windows . Even though Win2k is clearly marked as supported on the box , few of Disk Doctor 's features actually work with Win2k 's NTFS disk formatting . I ended up having to reinstall Windows and recovering what data I could manually.Ghost seemed like it would be really useful , but Ghost 's `` burn image directly to CDRWs '' option did n't work with either of the CDRW drives that I tried -LRB- TEAC CDW28E or HP 8210e -RRB- . Speed disk seems to work fine , which is about the only good thing that I have to say about SystemWorks so far . To be fair , Win98 seems much more fully supported , but that does n't help my Win2k laptop ! -LRB- And who buys Win98 anymore ?? -RRB- Summary
 DO NOT INSTALL NAV or NIS 2003If you like reading KB articles and fixing problems to no avail and then ending up withERROR loading explorer.exeYou must reload windowsThen install this dangerware.The fixes for this problem given by MS on the KB do not fix this problem.I have researched this for three months with no solution except to reload Win Me , Norton NAV & NIS 2002 , which we had very few problems with.You ca n't get to SAFE or NORMAL modes once this appears.We have 14 systems that WERE running until we upgraded to 2003 NAV & NIS.We installed Win ME , 2003 NAV & NIS only , on 2 systems and both systems crashed as above.It takes awhile to crash though , so do n't put to much confidence into it when you first load.I think Sym has abandoned Win ME already and from what I have read while researching this they do n't have it right for XP either.Their support in a word SUCKS.Paid support to fix the problems they created for us is , bull.They should be paying us.Since 0 is not an option our rating for this is 0
 Being a previous user of Norton Systemworks 2002 and wanting to ` stay current ' PLUS provided with a great price after rebates I purchased NSW 2003 . Upon receipt I uninstalled the 2002 version on my Windows XP Pro laptop as per the install instructions and then spent the next 5 hours -- yes , no kidding , five hours -- installing and uninstalling in a vicious cycle of irritation and frustration that had me at the Norton website over and over again . Beyond the install/uninstall/install endless loop there was the great pleasure of extended registry editing , utility downloading and the useless crossing of fingers.Understand that I am very comfortable troubleshooting and hunting down fixes for software and hardware problems , but never have I experienced the ... , problem plagued install that I encountered with Norton SystemWorks 2003 . My advice ? RUUNNN AWWWAAAYYY !! IT 'S NOT WORTH IT . Find value somewhere else , for the vast waste of time makes this totally NOT WORTH the price of admission .
 Warning
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 Causing more problems than they solve
 I 've been using this product for a couple of years now , the antivirus part of the program seems to work well enough.I accidently deleted a directory full of MP3 's , and have been completely UNABLE to recover them using SystemWorks Pro . Every other file recovery utility I 've tried has been succcessful at seeing and recovering various files , but because they 've all been demo 's I could n't use them to recover all the missing files.Looks like I 'll have to buy ANOTHER program just to recover the deleted files - what a bunch of crap.STAY AWAY from SystemWorks .
 I have been a devoted Symantec/Norton customer for many years.But I have to agree with the other poor ratings you see here.I tried installing this product.I followed all the installation instructions.At the end , when it was supposedly all done , it rebooted my PC . I would get into Windows and then would get the dreaded blue screen of death.Fortunately I also run software that allows me to undo changes made to my system . So I was able to back-out the changes and get my PC back to when it was working.So I will be returning this product for a refund .
 I installed this on a laptop running Windows 200o Professional.The product installed well and I was looking forward to optimizing my system for better performance.Anti-Virus worked well , although I do prefer McAfee 's interface , I have no problem with it , it screens e-mail very effectively.I used to use Clean Sweep when it was separate product and enjoyed using it . Thie version however seems to have fewer options and capability.Now the really bad news . This product virtualuy destroyed the peformance of my system . The first boot after installation took 12 minutes . The system used to be ready for use in 2 minutes!Plus the programs also load very very slowly . Word taked 2-4 minutes just to load up a new document , same for Excel . These programs used to load almost instantaneously.Nothing I have tried to reverse the optimization has met with success.Just for a test I loaded it on an new Dell running XP . Same response . A machine that sued ot startup almost instantly now takes 10 minutes.Other programs such as Explorer and the C++ environment also now takes 5-7 minutes just to load!I do n't know what is going on with this , but Symantec tech support could only recommend re-installing the operating system.I can not recommend this product.Anti - Virus can be purchased as a separate product and I recommens that you but AV and skip System Works .
 I was very happy with previous versions of Systemworks , including a time when it corrected a serious problem when nothing else worked . However , Systemworks 2003 working with XP Home is full of bugs , particularly in the installation and uninstallation . The biggest lie is in the Systemworks 2003 manual which says that you can uninstall it through the standard `` install/uninstall '' in Windows . Actually , it is very hard to completely uninstall the program to do a clean re-install if you have any problems . It requires downloading programs from ... that are hidden in the depths of their technical support bulletins.The first installation of Systemworks seemed to work . But then I added the Roxio Go Back from the Systemworks disk and I had the most serious crash I 've ever experienced - which happened on a 3 month old Dell.If you are running an older version of Systemworks , I say stick with it , and wait for Systemworks 2004 . A recent issue of Consumer Reports also featured the bugs in Systemworks , and you can read about hundreds of other people 's problems on the reviews of ... . I believe Systemworks is inspiring the latest Dilbert cartoons - we 'll put out a buggy program before it is ready and then charge people large amounts of money for tech support .
 After upgrading from NSW2002 to NSW2003 , my Windows 2000 workstation began to perform poorly . Soon it was crashing frequently . After many hours of looking for the problem , I discovered it was NSW2003.Using Symantec 's Knowledgebase articles , I completely removed NSW2003 and repaired the Microsoft Win2K on the workstation.After checking out the Win2K computer carefully , I re-installed NSW2003 , antivirus only . It went OK until I updated using `` Live Update '' . This brought the Win2K computer crashing to it 's knees , requiring extraordinary efforts to recover - the only program that I have ever installed that managed to do that . The event and boot logs tell an ugly story.No support from Symantec except Knowledgebase , and it was not helpful in the end . I have had excellent luck with NSW prior versions.My advice , stay away from NSW2003 if you have a heavily used workstation or computer . It might be OK for the casual user , though .
 I 've been using norton since DOS days and always been very satisfied . But this package is not worth it . The anti-virus and Ghost programs make this the only reason for purchase . Norton utilities are a shell of their former self . Disk Doctor in XP only calls MS 's scandisk !! The speedisk product is no better then the included utility . Windoctor is also weak . For registry and system housekeeping needs i 've discovered Iolo 's System Mechanic , perhaps symantec should purchase them and restore NU 's good name .
 Ghost did not work . Bought it specifically to use with my dvd writer HP200i . First time trying to backup a partition , it stopped with the third disk indicating error 36000 . When you go to Symantecs web site you find this is a catch-all for `` program does not work and we do n't know why '' . They suggest you type in switches to start Ghost , BUT DOES NOT TELL YOU HOW YOU CAN TYPE THESE IN !!! . The program starts from windows XP and never gives you a chance to type any switchs that I could see.This is only one of 7 or 8 things they suggest you try , with the last being that you might have an incompatible network card . They do not warn you of this problem on the label , so if you but their product and you have such a card , you are shafted . This is not right .
 I 've had mostly good luck with previous versions of Norton 's Utilities and Internet Security . Until now . For reasons that I still do n't understand , LiveUpdate mostly does n't work . Fortunately , AntiVirus updates but nothing else will . I went to the Norton site and waded through pages and pages AND PAGES of help documents . I was instructed to manually uninstall everything , including registry entries -- a daunting task to the average user -- and reinstall all Norton 's programs . Still no luck . I keep getting a message that says the update program catalogs are unavailable . I 've burned up hours and hours trying to solve this problem and I 'm back to where I started . The most aggravating support document advises , `` Reinstall the products in the correct order . '' What ?? And the idea of paying $ 30 per event for live tech assistance is unthinkable.Sometimes new is is not better .
 This thing works ok but dont let anything go wrong.This guys charge $ -LSB- money -RSB- a minute including the 20 minute hold.Then they dontbother to solve the problem . I could go into all the details but if you buy Norton hope nothing goes wrong
 I had major problem trying to fix an installation of Windows XP . Having used Mac versions of Norton Utilities in the past with great success , I got SystemWorks.Total waste of money . I wound up reformatting the drive anyway -LRB- and # $ @ ! Windows would n't even install on it again , but that 's another story -RRB- . The only thing I could have used was Antivirus but I ditched that in short order -LRB- for some freeware -RRB- since Norton was so annoying and consumed too much CPU and resources than it was worth -- and this was with a stripped down install .
 I 'm a long time user of Norton Utilities . The programs have always been very useful so I thought I would upgrade to include the Roxio Go-back and Ghost . It turned out to be an awful experience which left me with a useless lump of dead plastic , silicon and steel on two occasions during the so-called installation . The disk optimiser managed to trash my disk partition table and when I had restored the computer after two hours of repair , I installed the Roxio Go-back program which then made my hard disk read/write continuously -LRB- solved by de-installing , no great loss , since it had n't made any restore points despite several re-boots -RRB- . Oh , by the way , my e-mail client was rendered useless at some point during the installation by one application overwriting the POP Addresses.Difficult to know why I had some of the crashes . The last one occured after I thought I had sorted all the problems and went ahead to install the on-line updates.Need I go on?Now , the antivirus program has saved me from viruses on several occasions and the Windows Doctor , Clean Sweep , etc , are excellent , but Symantec have simply not done enough testing before subjecting the public -LRB- many of whom are much less savvy than myself -RRB- to their full suite of risky installations.My advice , stick with buying the simple antivirus program and utilities , at least you should still have a computer that works .
 Besides the 2 newer laptops that I have , I still have a PC with floppy drive , using window 2000 . Even that , still did n't work . I had to pay $ 11 extra to transfer it to CD hoping I can use it in my laptops , still did n't work
 I regret that I am unable to give fewer than a single star . I downloaded the trial version of this software in order to assess its suitability with timelines and flowcharting for my law practice -LRB- there are three trial versions
 Unfortunately I spent 209 dollars to buy this program . For professional diagrams I would like to have connecting lines that are perfectly straight . I maybe too picky but I spent a couple of time a couple of hours to get all the lines in the diagrams perfectly straight , I did not succeed . I know with Visio this is much less of a problem . -LRB- I then noticed that in most of the smart draw examples the lines are not straight either -RRB- So now I bought Visio . Furthermore I hate it when software starts putting their icons into other software , now I have a number of applications that show Smart Draw icons in the menu bars . And I am getting sick of all their junk mail I get.If you are not as picky as me , then this can be a great program , but I was greatly disappointed .
 This software is not very easy to use ... rather lengthy book to go with it that did n't really answer the questions I had . In addition , as a homeowner with about 1.5 acres of yard , it seemed like it took way too long to get anything done , felt like I was better off just trying things outside and seeing how I liked it.And the most important , the rebate . I was ripped off . Shame on me for this being one of few times that I did n't bother to make a copy of the items I sent in . They claimed the UPC was not there and that is not true . They then let me sit on hold on a long distance phone call for 10 minutes . Then told me they could not check to see if they had made a mistake . So , if you buy , do n't expect to get your rebate easily .
 I am a graduate student in mathematics . I have found Mathematica to be a very powerful symbolic mathematics program and it has helped me a great deal in my studies . At times the interface is a bit counterintuitive , but it 's not bad overall . Documentation is n't very good in the student version , but it may be better in the real version.My main complaint is the activation process . I often change hardware around or reinstall my operating system . Every time I do that , I have to speak to Wolfram and justify to them my hardware changes before they decide if they will allow me to enter a new activation code to continue to use the product that I purchased . I even purchased 2 licenses for it -LRB- one for Linux , one for Windows , so I could use it in both -RRB- . Other people I know used the cracked versions that are available , and they have it much easier than I do . They do n't have their software unavailable half the time while they are waiting on Wolfram to decide if they should get another activation code.They need to stop punishing their paying , legal customers and making us miserable because of those individuals out there who are dishonest.I was initially planning to upgrade to the full version after I graduate , but I have decided to look at other packages that wo n't give me so much grief . I should n't have to explain to Wolfram why I wanted to change my hard drive or video card . It 's none of their business .
 For starters this new version takes about twice as long to load up when you open the program . When I 'm working with this 9.0 version I keep getting the hour glass every time while working with some tools . It 's always processing stuff . I NEVER encoutered this with 8.0 version . After a while it gets really annoying . I purchased this newer version because Adobe finally figured out how to support transparency in Illustrator . I have still yet to get it to work . Even my neighbor -LRB- who runs a graphics company -RRB- ca n't figure out how to make this Windows transparency thing work . I think the Mac versions are much more of a breeze though . Anyway long story short I continue to just use my 8.0 Illustrator while using PhotoShop for transparency stuff . 9.0 is a waste of money !
 I purchased the Lexar Image Rescue 2.0 software because I was having trouble with two Lexar 1GB Professional CompactFlash memory cards . The case containing the software CD arrived broken . The installation instructions that came with the software are poor and I had to contact Lexar for further instructions . Their recommendation was to install once , remove , and install again . Did not make a lot of sense but it did work.At the end , the software did not solve my problem , it recovered frames containing checkers from 3 or 4 different pictures . Which led me to eventually discover that the Lexar memory cards were not compatible with my camera -LRB- Canon 20D -RRB- . Lexar replaced the cards with new compatible cards for free , shipment of the bad cards not included . Time and money wasted .
 As is typical with software claiming to be `` topo '' , it is not . Expecting that the buyer of topos will typically be someone looking for USGS quads this software is not as advertised.Since I own the other major competing program -LRB- for which you need to buy each state in order to get Quads -LRB- and for which I can not seem to find Wyoming -RRB- -RRB- , I was eagerly awaiting this package . In five minutes I realized Delorme is essentially useless to the backpacker/mountain biker -LRB- et al -RRB- . You can order quads very simply using the package , but at the zoom level appropriate for making an ordering decision the wonks at Delorme decided they would make the map blank -LRB- apparently to force you into buying electronic quads at $ 2.50 a piece -RRB- . So , you need to actually know the quad you want before you order it . Well , if I knew that , I would already own the quad , and certainly would n't need to buy an electronic version . For 2.50 more I could get it laminated.Yes , this is a flame , but it is deserved . Delorme might be great software if you know the quad you want ; it is ridiculous software if you are trying to explore and area in order to decide where you want to go -LRB- and then download , and pay for , the appropriate map -RRB- . All in all , a complete waste of money -- I only feel it worth my time to write this review so that the suppliers of such software get a clue and discover a more appropriate business model -LRB- versus selling blank maps , with a 100 dollar credit for maps that you do n't even know will work -RRB- Cheers .
 I agree with all the failings already posted here . And , in my case and many on the Delorme forum , we have been waiting months for Delorme to fix the problem with Topo 6.0 , as it will not render 3D maps in Vista with Intel 915-945 chips found in new laptops . Delorme technical is ignoring all questions about it , and has no patch . I give it one star , not because the overall application is that bad , but because Delorme refuses to admit the problem at all .
 This map program will not work properly in Windows Vista with certain Intel chips . It has no 3d maps as advertised by DeLorme . Works fine with Windows XP . Vista users better wait for Topo 7 , if and when it is released . Read about all these problems with Vista on DeLorme discussion board
 Topo6 does not work in the 3D mode with many new laptops that run microsoft Vista and dont expect it to work anytime soon .
 Through amazon I asked CyberCitySoftware to send this product to my brother . It would not run so he sent it to me , more postage . I tried it here and it would not run for me . I was so disappointed I had to go to another vendor to send him an other product he could use . I have all ready spent $ 17 more to sent a gift that will work . I found no number to call and my first e-mails were returned undelivered . I left a complaint in feedback about my experience with this vendor . Then I was sent me an e-mail saying -LRB- I promise you a complete refund once you remove the feedback . If you would remove the feedback that you left we will send a prepaid envelope so that you can get a complete refund -RRB- . I wrote back -LRB- I will be happy to remove my feed back if you will send a prepaid return envelope to the billing address . Then refund the account . In fact I would be very happy to write a positive feedback -RRB- . They wrote back -LRB- Our problem with your solution is that we have found in the past that once customers have there money refunded there is no reason for them to take the time to remove the feedback -RRB- . I removed the feedback and e-mailed them back that I had . I have gotten no return envelope and no more e-mails .
 Do n't waste our money on this software . On my Palm Tungsten T , the maps are fuzzy images . The information is not really very useful either . It also is not user friendly . This is the worst SW purchase that I have made for my Palm & I have been using one for years.In a nutshell , this product stinks and I can not find one good feature that is worth mentioning .
 This product is completely unhelpful for most driving situations . There are no turn by turn directions within a city , just info on major highways which is much easier to get from a basic map . I returned mine .
 Not only is it not very easy to use , it does n't give you a visual format for point to point destination , only text directions . Then the SD went bad for a reason beyond my understanding one day when I tried to use it , and now everytime I try to calculate a point to point destination my tungsten gets a fatal error and requires a hard reset . Only with this SD program do I have this problem with my PDA . This sucks so bad that Amazon should incorporate the 1/2 star for beyond bad .
 I bought this card hoping it would give me Mapquest on my Palm . It does n't . But it does have the exits for US Interstates and can generate directions between major cities in the US . Also , the information is dated , some resturants have closed -LRB- most Gas stations appear to be correct -RRB- , and I 'm sure some new resturants have opened , so your milage may vary . : - -RRB- The detail level of the maps is not great , but it supposedly matches the maps in the standard paper road map . I 've not checked that out , but if it did , that would be nice . I would much rather have the detail of the paper map in my palm.Maybe the Palm does n't support that level of detail -LRB- possible I suppose -RRB- - but then again maybe they do n't want to give that much away . Overall , I 'd say it 's nice , but it 's not the paper map -LRB- or online Map -RRB- replacement I was hoping it would be .
 When I bought it , I was thinking of a pocket PC version of the great Rand McNally road atlas . Wrong ! It is next to worthless for me -- except in calculating distances between towns . Search for any town outside a major metro area and it will likely `` show up '' without a label -- maybe just two lines on a virtually blank screen . Even if you do get a town label , it is not likely to stay on during the zoom process . When you zoom out , you are likely to lose track entirely of the town 's location . If you zoom out on Michigan until the entire state is visible , the only cities labeled are Detroit , Chicago , Milwaukee , and some place called Washington Island ?! And the cities are not marked . The Milwaukee label stretches across Lake Michigan ; so for those not geographically astute , you have to guess which side of the Big Lake it lies onIt is primarily a list of interstate highway exits and their amenities and a mileage calculator . And for $ 50 , that 's a rip-off . I bought Microsoft Streets for my laptop , and it had a Pocket Streets version included -- all for $ 25 ; and though you have to download regions before you take a trip , it does give you the details you need to see how locations are related to one another.Don ' t believe the package hype on this one !
 Absolutely user unfriendly , overpriced , and useless . That 's all I could say about this product . If you try it , you will see exactly what I mean .
 If you just want up to date maps then this is theproduct for you , but if you want to use itto transfer the map to a GPS unit then buy somethingelse . I am a computer programmer and I found theinstruction very involved and not very clear.After several hours of use I still use not able totransfer any files . It took me 5 minuteswith the Garmin Topo Cd to transfer files
 This product has very poor detail . Many streams and other land features are missing . Working as a forester I found this product to be totally useless . Delorme 's 3D topoquad series is much better , as it uses scans of the USGS topographic maps .
 This is the 3rd time I have tried the DeLorme GPS system , this purchse was the Street Atlas 2007Plus edition . As with the prior editions , it was immediatley evident that DeLorme has no intention to make it compatible with other mfg. hardware . Even the DeLorme tech had a hard time getting it to run with Garmin receivers.The accuracy is WAY OFF ! We found the comparison between our physical location vs. the Delorme map postion is of by more than 1/2 mile in many cases . AND , when driving at highway speeds , the voice prompt was giving directions more than 1mile AFTER we had passed the actual location of the maneuver.The ONLY good thing about the DeLorme program is their ease of adding the destination address . Very simple , just type it in normal fashion . But that does not make the program work any better.Unless you know where you are going and just what the added feature of beign able to see a map of the streets , and really do n't care about . accuracy , do NOT buy the Street Atlas 2007 Plus
 Nuance owns OmniPage . OmniPage was once my OCR of choice . Now it is a crippled relic.Furthermore , Nuance will use every device imaginable to avoid refunding money to dissatisfied buyers of products they sell.I have a dispute going with PayPal for a refund.Doug Briggs
 omni page pro has compatibility problems with my ricoh scanner omni page pro 12 works just fine .
 I worked very hard to get this to work at all . I have to remember how to get it to work each time I use it . It does not do what it says either in the advertizing or the software . I wish I knew what other program would meet my needs but this is all I could find . Also the on line support is useless .
 This is not a planted review . I 'm just a home user . I have been using OmniPage for years . The last version I used prior to OmniPage Pro 14 was OmniPage Pro 10 . This version does the worst job of layout retention I have seen in any OCR software period . Version 10 , the version I was using prior to upgrading worked much better.Its hard to use , menus and features appear easy but in fact do n't work very well at all . The system of `` workflows '' is flawed at best.If you just want to take a simple text document with images and scan it into say word be prepared for a nightmare once in word . The result of your scan will retain very little of the layout of your original document.ScanSoft makes some very fine products that I use . Oddly their `` flayship '' software OmniPage is difficult to use and performs poorly . Do yourself a favor and look at other OCR software before buying this .
 OmniPage 14 worked great at first . Then I needed a patch to fix some problems I 'm having with the Batch Manager . Their update function under help is broken . -LRB- Look at other recent posts by other users . -RRB- I tried calling yesterday -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- and could n't get through.I 'm well versed in fixing broken apps . After uninstalling/reinstalling , uninstalling/manually removing files and registry entries/reinstalling , I 'm still having the same problems that are making it totally unusable . After searching Scansoft 's website , and posting twice to their `` user forums '' , I started looking for alternative solutions . I found more posts here than I did on Scansoft 's site .
 The program worked OK on the laptop with the dedicated scanner . I tried to move it into the office and the thing would not let me save coverted documents . Yikes !! . I struggled for hours , reading manuals , going over settings etc. . I downloaded service packs and had my IT person work on it for several hours . No luck . We tried everything . We changed operating systems . We changed word processors . We reinstalled and deinstalled . Support is useless . Even the support website is full of bugs . Try it yourself . If you can get into the community message board , you will see countless posts with complaints about this product . That 's only if you can get in to see the posts . I tried a dozen times to read the posts and was bumped out to the main page , usually after being able to scan only one or two pages . Perhaps this program will work for you . Perhaps not . One thing is for sure , I fully believe the authenticity of the negative posts below . Do n't take my word for it . Get the facts yourself . Just stop into the Scansoft website and read the community posts , if you can get in to see them .
 Text recognition is very good on a simple , typewrited page but , hey , there are sharewares that do this for free . I tested Omnipage mainly on complex textbook pages with headers , 2 columns , figures with legends . I chose 240 dpi as a compromise between size and accuracy . The result :1 . When converting a 2-column page to PDF , the text flows ACROSS the columns instead of down then right . Useless for cut & paste . Also , word search is not sequential . Omnipage support never answered my questions on this issue -LRB- nor on any other -RRB- .2 . Figures with small objects on a contrasting background -LRB- e.g. birds flying in the sky -RRB- are interpreted as text , with laughable result . In general , the recognition of image fields was bad .5 . Figure legends were systematically included with the text around them instead of being assigned to a separate text box .4 . This beast needs A LOT of CPU . I ran it on a 2.8 GHz P4 and it was crawling through the pages .5 . Not an Omnipage issue , but as an aside
 It 's bad enough that Omnipage Pro 14 Office crashes when you try to process a PDF file ; bad enough that it crashes when you try to download an update from within the program -LRB- the only way ScanSoft allows you to do it -RRB- -- if there are solutions for these serious problems in their product , ScanSoft will not tell you about them unless you pay $ 9.95 per incident for e-mail support , $ 19.95 to actually speak to someone . What a lousy policy . What a crummy product !
 Beware of this product . It is buggy - see eg the users group at http://webboard.scansoft.com/ - and there is no free support , even for program bugs . Scansoft 's attitude to known bugs is illustrated by the fact that there is a bug in both versions 11 and 12 which prevents many users from updating the program but despite a large number of postings to this effect on Scansoft 's own website already referred to and e-mail notification to ScanSoft the bug remains . Abby FineReader apparently offers free support and a scanner that users say is better , for example , for OCR scanning .
 I want to add some more specifics to my review below . I bought Omnipage 12 . It would not instal . Only after extensive searching on the internet did I find that it was incompatible - believe it or not - with the Windows XP start menu and also with all desktop backgrounds except the XP logo!The problem could apparently be resolved by downloading service packs 1 & 2 . So I changed to the new start menu and XP logo background and installation then was possible . But when I tried to get service packs 1 & 2 , which can only be accessed by using the upgrade function within the program , nothing happened . An e-mail request to ScanSoft for help was ignored . No help was available on the users group either as no-one had found a solution.But I persevered and tried to use Omnipage without the service packs . Then came the next unpleasant shock . I have an HP OfficeJet d135 four-in-one . Although listed by ScanSoft as a compatible scanner I found that this is only partly true . The shocking part was that Omnipage was not compatible - believe it or not again - with the automatic document handler on HP scanners ! So I must feed in each page separately while it slowly scans them.Perhaps unsurprisingly , the Omnipage users group is moribund or dead . I do n't know if ScanSoft is blocking postings to the website because there were so many that were less than complimentary or whether users just gave up because there were no solutions.Abbyy FineReader offers as complete a contrast as can be imagined . Free , unlimited technical assistance and a lively users group populated by a clearly contented group of users.So decide for yourself.PS
 I bought this software in Jan '04 and I 've had occasion to use it infrequently , fortunately for me . As noted in other reviews , it can recognize simple text such as in a book page w/o photos or tables . But add any boxes , tables or graphs and it stumbles badly and does a Bill Gates , simply locks up.You ca n't even ask a question w/o registering the product and that in itself is a task . Pack a lunch because you 'll be there a while . They ask early on for a serial number and even tho it had been more than two years I had the original packaging . Feeling rather smug I opend the package and `` mirebile dictu '' NOTHING called a serial number , plenty of alphnumerics tho . After several tries , I found that serial number is code for `` description '' . Then I moved on to pages of intrusive qustions up to but not including masturbatory fantasies , thank you . Then they had the temerity to try to sell me stuff.There may be a good , simple , intuitive scanning program out there , but this ai n't it . There may be a customer responsive company out there but Scansoft -LRB- now Nuance , how cute -RRB- ai n't it . Keep looking and good luck , Jack Shale
 For beginners this is a good program , but for more advanced users - who like to get in , modify , and have the site reflect those modifications - it feels like wading through quick sand . Plus , if you ever hire a competent web-developer to make modifications to the site , it 's actually going to cost you more because -LRB- s -RRB- he will need to use Homestead to modify the site .
 When it works on a Mac , it 'll be interesting.Modern products that do not work on a mac , and have no plans to work on a mac , have not availed themselves of the user centric qualties of the mac platform and the demands of its users.not only does it not work on a mac , nothing has been done to even make the files accessible from a non windows machine of any kind.gmbtechnology conselor , computer selections , woodstock
 The software did not work . I do not remember who sold this product and can not sent it back .
 Be careful . When they say Windows 95/98 , they mean it . It does n't run on Win2k . My son is very disappointed . He loves Thomas.Other Hasbro games , including Barney , run well on win2k , so we expected this one to work as well .
 My 21/2 year old got this for Christmas and I want to make sure anyone that buys it for their toddler realizes that it is definitely `` lapware , '' unless your toddler is already pretty adept at using the mouse . The changing cursor is somewhat confusing and hard for rookies to aim accurately . One difficulty is that it is used differently in the different areas of the game . For example , it steers Terrance the tractor without clicking in the cow chasing area , you do n't click Harold to pick up the rocks in the rock fall area , but you do click Harold in the festival games area . This is not a good game to teach mouse use as a result , and does require assistance . I was not terribly excited about the skills taught in the games area , and felt that it was rushing through . For example , in the Cranky the crane area , the first level is supposed to be colors , the second , which looks identical , is color and shape , and the third is more complex wooden box shapes . I have no objection to the game promoting the advancement from easier to harder skills , but most pre-school games give more opportunities for practice before moving on . I also was irritated that the music game was not more obvious in the sounds each instrument played - it takes a keen ear to discern the banjo , for example , over the background music . My son loved the included train car and does enjoy the game - I 'm the one with a problem with it . He is also used to being more independent with his games - for example , Fisher Price Toddler , and he ca n't be as independent with this one , which frustrates both of us .
 First off , the registry clean-up does NOT quite deliver what is expected from it.It classifies the problem registry entries with green , yellow , and red colors and prompts you to be cautious about deleting yellow and red ones , but actually providing no information or whatsoever on how to go about removing those entries.You basically end up leaving those problems untouched.Secondly , XP/2000 doesnot require registry defragmantation by default.So it renders that feature useless.Most importantly , I do n't know if it was Fix-it Wizards or the pagefile defragmenter.I got my CPU locked up at 100 % so I had to restore my computer to the earlier saved restore point.Considering I purchased the laptop pretty recently and it was supposed to be a top-notch one the problem I experienced was not pleasing at all .
 This product suite has a number of software tools , some very good and at least one that is really bad . The Registry editor is supposed to be excellent . However , I purchased this Suite to try to ` clean ' a virus infested PC . The Virus checker/remover is by a company called Trend Micro , and the version they include in this package is essentially useless . On running it , it provide a list of 19 viruses but was unable to eliminate any of them . I do n't know why , as I was able to manually delete all but one in which access was denied by Windows . However , manual deletion of virus files must be accompanied by registry changes and I found little help for this at the Trend Micro site ; most of the information seemed to be outdated or wrong for the viruses in question and some seemed to be misidentified . I later obtained a free product , Free-AV , that succeeded where this product failed utterly .
 I purchased this product based on the five star reviews . I have WIN XP . After installation and the required re-start I experienced a total lock up or freeze . I was unable to do anything in windows . After several start ups in the save mode I was finally able to re-enter windows and uninstall the offending software . After contacting the manufacturer I was told to uninstall the McAfee antivirus software because it is not compatible . I just renewed McAfee , besides I was not willling to trade a well functioning software that comes preinstalled by major manufacturers for something that lost my trust . I am out of my money because I purchased from a private source . I paid $ 33.34 for nothing . I call this a bad experience .
 Some things about this product I really like . I like that I can work on it at home with my kids -LRB- 11 and 14 -RRB- and they can use it independently for fairly long stretches.However , there are more things I do n't like : - Two of the CD ROMS are not Mac OS X compatible , even though the product description specifically said it was.-There are errors in the French , especially the written.-The workbook and CDs do not work together as seamlessly as we would like . It feels like we 're always piecing things together ourselves.Thankfully I am fluent in French and able both to correct the errors and help coordinate the CDs and workbook , but I would definitely not recommend this product for someone with no French experience who was trying to learn on their own .
 Not pleased as I prefer the English word spoken first ... then the French version . This has the French word spoken first , then the English .
 I spoke to a tech for over one hour . It still did not work . I sent email explaining my problem in detail . They tell me to do the same thing over and over again . I just received email from 321 studio saying they solved the problem . Go on line a download the latest version 3.0.5 . I did . It still does not work.They no longer answer may email.Will I get my money back ?
 ok whih movies under 120 minutes , sent email for support , no reply 5 business days later .
 When i brought the DVD X Copy Xpress i was so happy that i can finaly make back-ups of my dvd 's . But when i started to use it did not do much at all . it scaned the movie and when it came to burnin to a blank dvd not only it not burn it but it made my blank dvd useless . i even try to update it online and guess what ? i made another coster i was so ticked of i just uninstall it and toss the program in the trash . i will never buy another product from 321 Studios again and i recomend to those who read this review to avoid this and all 321 Studios products at all cost .
 Ok , backing up DVD movies is a bit of an art . The problem is that the movies you buy on DVD are a different resolution than the DVD blank media you can buy this was done on purpose to keep you from doing a 1:1 perfect copy . DVDXCopy Xpress handles this problem for you by stripping away menus , non-English tracks , bonus material , etc and it re-encodes the movie recompresses it at a small loss of quality over the original -LRB- you wo n't notice -RRB- . That 's great and all , the problem is that there is an much better shareware program called DVD-Shrink that does this exact same thing much better ! DVD-Shrink is like DVD XCopy XPress on steriods , it lets you decide what to keep and what to ditch . You can keep the menus and bonus stuff , chapter selection , etc. . much better product than this and best of all it 's free , only requirement of DVD-Shrink is that you must have a program like Nero 6 that can burn a ISO DVD-Video . Another problem with DVDXCopy Xpress is that it 's not compatible with all players and all media types -LRB- this is because it ca n't always tell that you have say 2.4 x blank DVD+R media in your DVD burner that supports up to 4x -RRB- it can burn coasters . Using the two program approach DVD-Shrink + Nero allows you to rely on the top shelf DVD burning engine of Nero to do the burning work and other software to do the ripp .
 As reviewer Jeremy notes , there is a freeware product that is much superior to everything.The problem one reviewer was having is that he had his DVD-Drive on `` auto-load '' this causes the CSS encryption to kick in . You have use a program like AnyDVD which runs in the background and automatically decrypts and blocks that Macrovision crap.but why pay $ 55 bucks and THEN have to use another product?No reason . Use DVDShrink as Jeremy notes.The web address for the newest version is
 Beware of 321 Studios `` Unconditional Money Back Guarantee '' ads on their website . There is a time limit and a bunch of conditions that they do n't tell you about until you try to get a refund . I tried to get a refund after their software did not work as advertised but was unsuccessful .
 The program would -LRB- apparently -RRB- copy the DVD , but when a blank DVD was placed in the burner ... NOTHING happened . The `` start '' button is supposed to change from gray to green , indicating that it is ready to burn on the DVD.The long distance support line kept me on hold for an extended period of time , so I used the email support address from their web site . I got a very quick response saying that they could not provide support for requests without a license id and password -LRB- which would be nice for them to specify on their web site -RRB- . I then immediately supplied the information , and ... nothing . I supplied the info 3 times and have yet to hear back from them.Buyers should also know that there is NO documentation included with this software , neither hard copy nor electronic file , so it is almost impossible to try to figure out how to obtain help .
 The product needs to be activated by Studio 123 which they have gone out of business some years ago !! Without activation , the software does NOT work !! I did n't know that and when I asked for return the seller said that the item was not a brand new !! Nonsence and Irrevalant !!! Being new or used item has nothing to do with activation of the software . !! When you konw the product is not working and sell it , it is a kind of fraud !! I give the worst rate to the seller and never buy any thing from him again .
 I purchased dvd x copy xpress about 5-6 days ago . Prior to my purchase , I spent 2 weeks reading reviews and I tried the trail version . All reviews were positive and the trail version worked excellent . After my purchase days ago and 20 calls to support later , The product still does n't work . The support had me delete files and add other files and now my computer has problems and the worst of all the product still does n't work . The last time I called , The tech of tier 2 wanted me to repeat what I did the day before . If it did n't work the day before , Why would that work now ?? I asked to speak with a supervisor and they said he would call me in about 15 minutes . Many hours later someone called and left their email address . Stay away form this company . The support is a joke . I 'm sure if the product worked it would be a great product . Do n't let the trail version fool you . The actual product may not work on your computer and the support doe n't know how to get it working . I 'm so disappointed in this product . I now have another piece of software that does n't work.I will continue to look for software to back up my dvd 's but this is not it . I now have to try to get my computer back functioning correctly . If you have to call support , do n't let them delete and add things to your computer . If the product does n't work , just find another product that will .
 This is a huge waste of money - the `` copies '' are horribly degraded versions of the movie you 're trying to backup . Customer service reps -LRB- when you can actually reach them -RRB- are surly/confrontational and unhelpful . A amateur outfit , overall . DVD X Copy Xpress just does n't burn movies properly - you get something that 's barely playable - it 'll skip , freeze , or just simply not play . It 's hardly worthy of being sold at all .
 4 out of 5 times I get a `` read error '' spit out by xcopy xpress . Also , sometimes I get a Windows error `` dvd xcopy xpress has an error and will be terminated ... '' -LRB- and that happens after 99 % copied ! -RRB- It 's not my machine -LRB- a pretty decent system in which everything else I do on it works great -RRB- , it 's just crappy software.What a waste of money .
 This product is good if does what it is suppose to . My dvd copy works but my express failed to open , repeated uninstall and install with force aspi did not solve the problem . I have no conflicting driver know that would block it . Their support is available but no use .
 This is a Beta product at best ... more buggy then most of Bill Gates releases ... If you really want to buy it , wait a year or 2 till they get it right .
 Since the 321 studios was court ordered to stop production of this product many bootlegged copies of this software have found their way onto the market . I had purchased their original x press version in 2001 and it worked excellent . I later moved and then my hard drive fried and lost all my software programs without the install disks . I recently purchased the x copy platinum from someone liquidating their ` in stock ' merchandise as this product is no longer in manufacture . It down loaded perfect and came on screen just like the original ... then after I clicked on ` start ' a little window popped up saying this movie is CSS encrypted , and would NOT copy ! The window had a link to learn more about CSS encryption which took me to 321 Studios window saying their software -LRB- specifically platinum 4.0.3 version -RRB- had been badly copied and my version had ` cracks ' which would not work and could damage my computer .
 The person saying the words is saying them too fast , and gives no time for me to repeat more than once . I do n't know of which set of words she wants me to repeat in matching them of what she said . The book does not match the CDs , therefore , I can not see what she is telling me to say . There is no opportunity to write the words down phonetically , so I can pronounce them as she says them . If I could get my money back , I would ask for it . I have had these CDs since June and I am still on tape one . The odd thing about it , the language does not apprear to be difficult if time for each phrase or word is given to repeat . Only in the way it is being delivered makes it difficult to repeat or just to say .
 I purchased this program back in 2004 from Compusa . I got the so-called DELUXE version . At the time it was okay . I later found POWERDESK and liked that better.However , I kept F/V on all my machines because of the viewers it contained . Now , 4 years later the program has not been upgraded and it DOES NOT work reliably with Windows-Vista of any flavor . I am a police/Detective and I often have to download files from various victims surveillance cameras ' . Many of my victims have systems that completely mystify them . They spend thousands and forget to spend any money on how they are going to transfer all that digitized data to law enforcement . Thank God for `` thumb drives . I can now get the information and at least get it back to my office.The problem now is that this program refuses to work on any flavor of vista . The program does not work in `` compatibility mode or on a normal install . All you get is an error message stating that `` file viewer has stopped working . '' This has happened on 6 machines running Vista Home Premium , Vista Business or Vista Ultimate . In both , 32 bit and 64 bit machines.The final solution was , we got FUJITSU to give us downgraded Windows XP drivers for their machine . Works perfectly , now . The only other problem is that all these various surveillance systems use proprietary software . Getting copies of the software from the various companies was nearly impossible till they found out their customers would sue if they did n't give it to us . You 'd have thought they would have been more co-operative . It 's all about the bottom line , ai n't it ?
 I also bought this dumbed down version only to find out there is a deluxe available for an extra $ 29 -- no mention of this on the box . This version is very lame - you ca n't even cut and paste from the viewer to another application . My advice , is go with Quick View - it 's the full package for about the price of this dumbed down and fairly worthless File Viewer .
 This software works with Pocket PC version 2002 and ACT ! Version 6.0 and earlier . While I do prefer the older ACT ! version , I find the Pocket PC 2002 hard to find . Wish I had known before purchasing this software . Since I purchased it , I have also purchased CompanionLink , which is recommended by ACT ! for use with my Pocket PC . It works perfectly with Outlook and ACT ! . So , I am basically writing this review before I sell the program on Amazon to someone who has the Pocket PC version 2002 and also does not want to spend the ~ $ 50 on CompanionLink ... just in case that person might have Pocket PC 2002 and Act 6.0 . Might make sure you also have Outlook 2002 so you do n't get too far ahead of this old software . Cheers !
 was sent send item -LRB- relacement for first copy -RRB- however it would not work on my computer either ... so it 's laying here on the computer desk and i still do not have a windows xp with service pack 2 ... this item has not been used ... i have recieved no satisfaction or service ... unless you would like to take it back one more time i 'm really disappointed ... sorry ... james sanders
 I ordered this product not realizing Windows 2000 and Windows Millennium were different products , so I 'm stuck with a product I do n't want and ca n't use or return . I am not happy .
 I really have to admit , I was very surprised about how Windows XP was at first , thinking it was a better version of Windows than Windows Millennium Edition . Boy , was I ever wrong . When I installed Windows XP , it completely wiped out all my data , and stored files . Not only that , the software that was compatible to Windows XP including several computer games , and my modem which was Windows XP reliant , really did n't work on my computer , or ran at a much slower rate than previously , especially while I was surfing on the internet . I really have to admit I was very dissapointed in this version . It was such a big waste of money.Overall
 With it 's excellent drivers , useful utilities , ease of use and security features , Win XP is a great improvement over Windows 98 and less of an improvment over Win 2000 . Signed drivers and the Restore system funciton add to the stability of the system . A redesigned page files makes the system more secure and an included zip utilities as well as a lite burner are welcome addtions . Unfortunately the company it seems is incapable with dealing with the ever constant threats of viruses , adware ect . So they introduced this most annoying feature SP2 , that , in the eyes of some critics is more to calm public opinion than addressing windows security failures . The most annoying aspect of it is that it treats you like an infant and bugs you with constant stupid messages about security that are not likely to change your behavious . For this I give only one star for SP2 for 3 stars for XP . this system was released in 2001 , think seriously about Linux or MacIntosh if you want my opinion .
 The product key stuff is really annoying . You can not boot the same partition image natively and under VMWare . It records this as different hardware when it 's the identical physical partition and the same processor.Requires a lot of care and feeding to make sure that patches are up to date and you need extra virus scanning software to deal with all the software bugs and vulnerabilities . All of these updates tend to fill up your hard disk . You have to know about the other options in cleanmgr to clean up all the system restore checkpoints.I avoid running XP as much as possible . It 's still not as stable as Linux . Even though you might see a lot of Linux patches too , there are many fewer than Windows if you 're running your machine as a desktop and not using the Linux server capabilities.Avoid the home edition of you have multiprocessor machines . It does n't use them . You have to send more money to get the `` Professional '' edition for that to work.The default user interface is the `` Pretty '' one . You have to dig through the settings to turn off all the pretty stuff to speed up the user interface .
 I would n't recommend this software to anyone , your muchbetter off with Windows 2000 , owing to the glaringsecurity hole that centers around ` remote desktop ` which Microsoft refuses to fix . Also this softwarecan only be reinstalled a maximum of 20 times , a verybad deal indeed if you get computer viruses often.Don ' t waste your money on this shoddy productbest to look somewhere else for an operating system.I give it one star for bad quality and poor usability .
 Only a moron would buy this in 2010 . I do n't know how else to put it , as Windows 7 Home Premium Upgrade only costs a few more dollars and comes with Media Center and an actual 2 way firewall.So who in their right mind would buy Win XP in 2010 ? If you are considering buying XP PLEASE READ THIS ... For anyone who thinks their hardware will not handle Win 7 THINK AGAIN ! I have personally installed Windows 7 on all of my old hardware , including a Compaq Laptop from 2006 with an Amd Sempron and Ati Radeon Mobillity x200 graphics ... It works better than it did with XP Media Center which it came with and far better than it did with Vista ! An Acer Aspire One netbook and again it worked better than it did with XP in every way.Also an Emachines from christmas of 2005 with an Amd Sempron and GeForce 6100 and yet agian it worked better with Win 7 than XP , or Vista ! So unless you have a P3 550 with 128 meg of RAM you would have to be a complete ass to buy this for anywhere near the price of Win 7 ... Thank you come again !
 I 'd avoid Windows XP AND XP Pro like the plague ! Nothing but slower and slower processing , no DOS base if your files get infected or corrupted to boot into . If you feel you MUST buy an expensive Microsoft product -LRB- that BTW has you buying more MS products that are otherwise free on LINUX operating system , which BTW has many versions that are free too ! AND are open-source , meaning that you can pick and choose what you wnat on your computer AND it will run 32 , 64 and even 128 bit programs , which NO version of MS 's prducts do ! -RRB- , BUT if you feel that you MUST have MS Windows , then Windows 2000 Pro is the way to go . It is by far the most stable Operating system MS makes ! This year -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , I was told by a MS employee that they are coming out with Windows 2006 that is for 64 bit processors only , thus if you `` upgrade '' , you 'll have to likely buy a new computer to go with the new program -LRB- unless you already spent entirely too much money on a 64 bit computer -RRB- AND you 'll be adding to the millions of computers that are already in landfills , thus creating an environmental problem!Every person I know that has XP has a multitude of problems with XP , and in `` Microslop Style '' , they are STILL trying to fix Windows 2000 's problems and crating more updates to this day !!! -LRB- Some of which I * suspect * are n't actual upgrades , but instead are created with intentinal glitches which are designed to screw up your computer so you 'll buy a new one ! -RRB- If you want a great , reliable and stable operating system for your computer , get LINUX ! YOu can make it run just like Windows , but be * SURE * you also buy LINUX-compatable peripherals , such as your camera , printer , etc. !!! -LRB- Some are for Windows only , which is why there are * SO * many antitrust suits against Microsoft apparently !!! -RRB- If you buy software that can run in LINUX , then you 'll be able to use it for ANY operating system ! -LRB- except perhaps for some deranged crap that MS puts out ! -RRB- XP crashes the more it is used , runs slower and slower the more it is used , and the programming is simply sloppy -LRB- anyone who 's ever programmed even in BASIC can tell that by the way it runs ! -RRB- AND BTW , LINUX has so much freeware that you wo n't need to buy other extremely expensive programs as there are a multitude of free programs for photo processing & editing -LRB- which is better than the leading brand name program for this very purpose AND is easier to use , educational games for the kids , editing for movies , and on and on ! LINUX is set up by the user , and while it may take a bit of work to set up is well worth the effort AND will save you tons of time and money in the long run!LINUX is not only free , but is also nearly virus-free ! -LRB- and if you set up the firewall and antivirus software correctly then not only will you NOT get infected , as with Windows , you can -LRB- for entertainment -RRB- set up another free program to watch those viruses , that were written by simply mean people that outta be jailed for life , simply splat onto a file if you wish - not affecting your FREE LINUX operating system OR the programs you run on your computer -LRB- AND BTW , you can also use the Windows emulator for those Windows programs you already have , but after time will likely get rid of them for better and FREE LINUX open-source programs , BUT LINUX will still be able to play your games , run your financial software -LRB- and more securely -RRB- and OH ! Did I mention that on LINUX it 's all FREE -LRB- including the operating system and Windows emulator ???!!!??? -RRB- I think Microsoft is getting ready to simply put themselves out of business with the poorly-written software they put out . I have a SMALL partition on my HD that has Windows 2000 Pro on it for my old camera and goofing off , but when I get my new one , Windows will be history . Nearly everyone I know is converting to LINUX -LRB- especially the XP users that are RUNNING to LINUX because they are tired of their computers crashing ! -RRB- MS blew it when they released XP -LRB- worse than they blew it before with their other OSs that need constant updates to even run properly , and whn they blew the updates , everyone with XP had their computers blue-screening -LRB- crashing -RRB- and thus not working at all.All I can say is Microsoft better come out with something better , more stable and complete -LRB- and with a LINUX or DOS-based back-door if computers are messed up by viruses , bad programming in the Windows program itself , etc. -RRB- or they are going to put themselves right out of business ! They 've lost me and many people I know as a result of XP 's release.XP is easy to work at first for novice computer users -LRB- but then it 's not any more to learn how to use LINUX , but after time , it seems inevidible that it WILL CRASH and those irreplaceable pictures , recipes , etc. may be gone after it does !
 why ? cause it chokes up PROCESSING and RAM that 's why ! its full of bugs and freezes frequently . -LSB- ... -RSB- if you want stability get win2000 . its ridiculous how they keep releasing new operating systems every year . XP = Xtra Problem .
 I loaded the upgrade with no problems but my RAM was not adequate to run the program and it corrupted my hard drive . I had to go thru the recovery process and lost all my files . I ended up buying a new computer with Vista and now none of the 98 programs work . I should have left my 98 windows alone .
 I 'd been using Win98 on an old Dell Optiplex 100 with a 466 Mhz processor and 378K of RAM . This machine is near the minimum for WinXP and I did not want to upgrade , but I was forced to when my ISP 's `` free '' security software no longer supported Win98 . Now the machine spends most of its ' time and resources processing updates and `` hangs '' frequently whenever some software vendor decides to issue another upgrade . It recently took me over an hour of sitting around waiting to do this review when Adobe Acrobat 7.08 decided it wanted the machine and took over.I was forced to abandon input of this review and go to another computer and re-enter . When I left the computer it was at 78 % of some background download of a Microsoft update to something , and the Adobe 7.09 installation process had been saying that it was withing 59 seconds of completion for about 45 minutes.I HATE THE WAY EVERY SOFTWARE DEVELOPER ASSUMES THAT COMPUTER RESOURCES ARE FREE AND ASSUMES THAT HIS/HER APPLICATION TAKES PRIORITY OVER EVERYTHING ELSE , EVEN THE OWNER OF THE COMPUTER AND WHAT IT IS THAT THE COMPUTER IS INTENDED TO BE USED FOR ! It was n't that way back when computers were big and expensive .
 Generally speaking , to get the best performance from any operating system a clean install of a full version is recommended . The best choice is to choose a full version of the product and enjoy the benefits of not being left with artifacts and leftover 's of your previous operating system which can lead to instability in certain cases . I would only buy this on a limited budget .
 this is the worst operating system ever . It is worth at most 20 $ , not 100 $ . If you can afford this , you might as well buy windows 7 .
 This is only an UPGRADE . You must have an existing Windows OS on your computer , and it ca n't be too old , or this product is useless to you.This probably seems obvious to most people , and you probably think I 'm an idiot , but there are some of us who have no idea how this crap works , or miss that one little word upgrade in the description . If Amazon could have warned me the way I just warned you -LRB- like they used to warn you if you 're buying DVD 's for a region other than where you live -RRB- , I would have saved the money . Because naturally I ca n't return it once it 's been opened and my son tried to install it and found it would n't . And of course no one wants to buy this product from me because it 's obsolete anyway .
 I bought this to upgrade a Win 2000 pc because we bought a couple of new Ipods . This is not the right product , it did not even try to do the install . It looks like I will have to buy the full version for twice as much .
 I attempted to install on one of my computers that was operating on windows 98 . It would not install and kept giving me errors . I then installed it on my other computer that was running off of windows ME and it installed just fine . When I went to activate the software , it would not let me . I spent three nights on the phone with customer service for a total of six hours and finally ended up uninstalling and getting product replacement . Good luck with your purchase ! Hopefully it works better than mine did .
 July 2005I finally got fed up with issues relating to processor speed , gaming card viability , etc. , even after upgrades , and was told by a tecchie that I needed to abandon Windows 98SE in favour of an XP upgrade . -LRB- I never upgraded from Win 98 SE because I never wanted to spend the money for what I had perceived as being only marginal benefit ! -RRB- . I have yet to load the software as I am having some hardware upgrades done beforehand . But ... BEWARE ! The Win XP Home Edition version offered by Amazon , which I bought , is a SINGLE MACHINE LOADING version only ... . I have been assured by other retail vendors since my Amazon purchase , that there are versions of this Win XP Home package that allow loading onto TWO PCs ... Nothing on the Amazon site states that this is a sinlge PC loading version . If you have several computers in your family -LRB- who does n't ? -RRB- , the Amazon offer will be an expensive purchase .
 I upgraded from windows 98 2nd edition because of crashes and stalls in this older program . I have spent 10 days and paid over $ 300.00 for professional troubleshooting to get me running again . I would never repeat this mistake again . I have used computers and PC 's since 1985 and have had numerous problems which we all experience . This episode with XP reinforces my bad opinions about bloatware in general and Microsoft in particular .
 It 's a little late for a review , but I just had to do another clean install of this . Every year or so another clean install , because the computer -LRB- and I 've gone through several with xp -RRB- wo n't work anymore . And hours go by , with virus scans and trying to do system restores -LRB- which is worthless , because you ca n't restore to the point before the problem began ... you never can -RRB- This suckswith 2 newer OS 's out my micrsoft I know the review is way to late , but just wanted to give my opinion on how much this sucks.and no ... I will not give microsoft more moneybesides Bill Gates and his wife are eugenics freaks
 This was not the product I needed . And within 30 days I asked to return it and the seller said no . This is an uprade and I needed the full version . Waste of money .
 This upgrade -LRB- from Windows 98SE -RRB- was a total disaster ! The upgrade took about 45 minutes to reach the point where it displayed the message that it could not continue and complete . After about two more attempts -LRB- including reformatting my hard drive and re-installing Win98SE -RRB- and getting to the error message display even earlier ! I finally contacted MS help via telephone . Eventually , a supervisor at Microsoft intervened and sent me a `` full-up '' Windows XP Home Edition which installed without a hitch .
 Right before 7 was released this garbage OS downgrade was 200 + dollars WTF !! All upgrades to 7 and downgrades to XP should have been free after the Vista flop ! Windows vista , 7 etc is just windows XP with a new coat of paint , rip off . Go back to windows 3.1 and start over .
 In its early years , this operating system was one of the most unsatisfactory I have ever used -- including DOS , Win 3.1 , Windows 95 and Windows 98 . Aside from being incompatible with older hardware , XP Home Edition crashed frequently -- especially if you often work with several windows open at once as I do . This was particularly unhelpful . As a writer , I was forced to save documents no less than once for each new sentence , and at touchy moments , literally every few words.Most important , the program is highly susceptible to viruses and hackers . Preventing these two problems requires expensive add-on software and hardware.True enough , the built-in firewall OUGHT to work . But in my case , hackers got in anyway -- four times in six months . With this software , I suffered repeated break ins , the last of which cost me some primary data and several of my original poems . Even installing service pack 2 did not help.After the last go-round , I was forced to hire an expensive data recovery guru -- another story in itself -- but was still unable to recover everything lost.Throughout this six-month nightmare , I repeatedly reinstalled the XP program , including , more than once , service pack 2 . That , however , did n't plug the security leaks . My computer was completely compromised . In the end , I had to junk the machine all together.In my experience , Mac and Linux operating systems are both far superior.Now I 've got one Windows machine -- a laptop purchased in early 2007 at or around the release of Service Pack 3 -- to run a BioFeedback program whose authors , unfortunately , had not created a Linux version.Admittedly , Microsoft 's final XP service pack seems to have plugged XP 's most serious security holes . Still , after my dreadful experience with XP Home Edition , I forever swore off Windows as my primary operating system . Microsoft operating systems remain magnets for viruses and hackers -- to say nothing of endless bugs and technical issues -- and eons of otherwise unnecessary computer security checks and maintenance .
 I have a Compaq Presario laptop with Windows ME . I wanted to upgrade it , so I decided to buy the Windows XP Upgrade . I have another computer that came with XP built in , and I like that system a lot.Well , before I purchased this software , I specifically asked the manager at CompUSA if there are any problems upgrading from Windows ME to Windows XP . I was very specific . `` No problem ! '' he told me , `` It works great ! `` NONSENSE!Here is a list of hardware problems I had after loading Windows XP onto the laptop :1 . My touch pad stopped working .2 . My PCI bus started getting errors .3 . My wireless network card -LRB- D-Link GW-630 -RRB- stopped working.And these are just the things I noticed in the first day of using it!I spent over six hours on the telephone with various technical service reps at Microsoft , uninstalling and re-installing the software , being put on hold , reinstalling drivers , restarting the computer over and over and over and over again ... Six extremely frustrating hours!Finally , the tech support people told me to uninstall the software . They said I should return the software to CompUSA.Now for the fun part . CompUSA refused to take it back !!! After arguing with the very same manager who told me everything should work great , all I got was an offer to do an exchange for the same product . Then the manager said my system must not be compatible . Well , I showed him the `` System Requirements '' on the box , where it says `` Windows ME . '' According to the box , my laptop is perfectly compatible ! But apparently it 's not.Then the manager told me that he would not recommend upgrading from ME to XP . Well , intyeresting he says that now ! I reminded him about our conversation !!! I even gave the manager my Microsoft Case Number so he could see for himself the problems I had and all the tech support people who tried to fix it for me.In the end , I am stuck with software that does not work.Learn from my trials . Do not buy this software if you have Windows ME . Only buy it if you can get a written agreement from your seller that they will take the software back after it messes up your system .
 This operating system is a joke.Seriously it makes me laugh , they seem to replicate more and more features from Macintosh with each release of windows . Apple invented all of the ideas that are the base of this operating system inthe early 1980 's . Such as the idea of having an interface based on windows - -LRB- you know the boxes with maxamize tabs and such -RRB- . Oh and this thing is GREAT when it comes to security . Not only can a 12 year old hacker completely ruin your documents and mabybe even your hardware but you can accidently ruin your own comptuer if you are n't very very careful . Let 's talk about bundled software . Oh I love internet explorer NOT . If your computer was a house using internet explorer would be the equivilent of leaving your front door open and inviting theifs into your home . Also this operating system comes with literally nothing useful - in it you will find something to the effect of a word processing program and a crappy movie editing program , anythign else you find will not fit your needs and you will need to buy more software . Say for example you buy XP , and you need microsoft word . The operating system will cost you about 100 and the office suite will cost 150 + . If you own a macintosh you can simply buy iWork for 79 which is a better product for less . Windows is and always will be inferior to Macintosh.Get a Macintosh .
 First of all , you can download Windows XP SP 2 from Internet if you have the original Windows XP.The main part of Windows , of what it deppend is DOS , originally called QDOS -LRB- Quick and Dirty OS , stealed by a bunch of hackers of a Informatical research company in the 70 's -RRB- , Windows is a grafical adaptation of MS-DOS , not modified in the last 30 years -LRB- 1975 -RRB- . Well , if you just win the challenge of installing Windows , so hard and problematic , you will see it will run for 4 days , then you enter a page , and you note that there are some new software already installed , that software that installed without your permission will help you to see 4 pop-up banners and web pages you dont want to look every 30 second and will send all your browsing habits to a unknow company without your permission.But , & iquest ; How did this software installed itself ? . ! Yes ! its Microsoft inovatory ActiveX , it even will let a web page to shut down your PC ! or install publicity software or execute a code that will install a virus.The good security sistem will not protect you if a picture on a web page has a virus that will install itself and auto-send itself to your friends by mail.Well , Microsoft is interested in your privacy , they just have a copy of all the webpages you see and every email you receive , well if you delete Internet Explorer Cache , that should be erased from the PC , and it will be erased , but just the first copy , the second stays hidden for Microsoft or Other companies , well , Windows if for you , if Privacy is have your emails public for any hacker.But , why is possible to hack windows ? , because it has Flaws , big holes that will let anyone enter , More than 2,000 have been discovered.Better not talk of the errors , you will get painfull experience with them it is just too much to talk about the errors . its recomended to re-format your PC every 6 months , and erase all your data.I Expended more than US$ 2,000 in a Soy Vaio PC , and i ended installing other OS.And then i had to buy a Mac , In Mac , is IMPOSSIBLE even let a software check something of your PC info of your mac without your confirmation.Viruses in mac , 3 discovered 10 years ago , they just where like a joke , in Windows , you will not get to run your PC again , , , or even they will damage your HD or your BIOS.If you do not want to expend thousands on reapairing your PC , just buy a Mac , you will not even need an AntivirusI do not recommend Windows , but if your going just to use it for four days only , it is OK to buy it.I have used windows for 5 years to get to know really know how it works.It doesnt Work .
 This item was fairly priced , but beware if you are trying to upgrade from windows 2000 . I had to reformat my hard drive and do a clean installation of Windows 98se before I could use this upgrade kit . Otherwise it works as advertised - XP Home -LRB- SP2 -RRB- What can I say ? If Windows is the answer , it was a stupid question . If you are not sure about what operating system you want , take a good look at www.Ubuntu.com before you pay for software .
 After many attempts I finally gave up . Spent $ 100 for nothing . If anyone does still have Win 98 you 're better off getting the full install ... maybe .
 It was going to take hours to install and the warning said some programs would be corrupted . Microsoft confirmed these anomolies .
 After reading all the cautions and warnings , I determined that my machine was powerful enough to handle this upgrade . The new OS worked for about 2 weeks , though it was very slow . About two weeks after installation , the computer crashed and I found that I had one long file on my hard drive that contained about 12-14 gigs of data . At the very least , my hard drive had to wiped and reformatted . Thank you so much , Microsoft!I am in the process of having a new hard drive installed and my RAM upgraded . Do n't believe the minimum requirements that the package provides . You need some power and at least 1024 MB of RAM .
 I purchased this product in order to upgrade from Window 's '98 which is no longer supported . Unfortunately the product did not work as promised . It would not load in my computer . I return it to Amazon and received a gift certificate instead of my money .
 Terrible upgrade . It made my computer run very very slowly . Had to remove it , now my computer will not turn off properly . Also I get an error message that a file can not be found when I turn the computer on and also I get error messages now when trying to open internet explorer.Would not recommend . Have spoken to others that had the same problem after they loaded XP .
 -LRB- Word to the wise -RRB- I bought this DVD package expecting great things but , was HIGHLY disappointed !!! I would DEFINITELY NOT recommend this video to anyone wanting to learn about what goes on in the recording studio . as it is a complete rip off !!! at best , It could be regarded as a vague overview of recording . but even THAT ... is stretching it !!!
 This product is noted that it will work in a Mac . It might work in the older versions but it will NOT work in the new Intel based machines . -LRB- We tried in a laptop that is only 4 months old -RRB- That should be noted in the description of the product .
 Dragon Naturally Speaking Legal Solutions 9.0 is definietly not meeting the intended need . It does not understand any of my words after training many sessions for digital recorders and no better than the default MS Software in MS Word for speech reconigtion . I give it a one star because of the price vs product . I would like a refund .
 I will definitely NOT buy this product . I refuse to be RIPPED OFF $ 10 for EACH AND EVERY time you e-maill or call customer service . This is totally ludicrous , and the support service should be included with the purchase of the product . Apparent Nuance Dragon Naturally Speaking is trying to squeeze every nickle and dime out of their customers . I refuse to by any product by a company that will do that to their customers . I think this is about the ONLY company that charges for their support . Try to find an alternative voice recognition software company who will support their product free of charge . SHAME ON YOU , NUANCE DRAGON NATURALLY SPEAKING .
 I bought this product about three months ago at Office Max because it seemed my computer was running a little too slow.I suspected I might have spyware , adware , whatever you want to call it and something had to be done.What made me buy this one out of all the others was the catch phrase `` award winning '' . I suspect now that the award just might be a company award . Is there an academy award thing for this kind of software and if so , just who attends the awards ceremony ??? Ok , here is what I have a problem with ; after I downloaded the Ad Aware SE Plus 1.05 and got it running , I was prompted to update my software . So I clicked appropriate button and was then told `` I could get a free upgrade to version 1.06 '' . I read the conditions and was under the impression that only owners of 1.05 could get this.Ok , so this is free , `` why not '' I said to myself . So I clicked , and clicked , and clicked some more and got no where . I kept getting placed in the Company store to BUY the same product I just bought.So I went back to the original page and read it again . It said in order to upgrade I needed the `` purchase reference / order number '' . How dumb of me I thought ! I wasted a half hour online when I could just get this off the box or disc , `` right '' ??? So I looked all over and found , `` there was no number '' . Starting to become fustrated I went back to the intro web-page . It said if I could n't locate my reference number to contact the `` Element 5 '' office or the `` Lavasoft Customer Center '' . So that is exactly what I attempted to do . What a major task that was ! I finally sent off a less than happy e-mail to this `` element 5 '' office . Too bad I did not save the response because I would post it here.The `` element 5 '' -LRB- what a name -RRB- , said they could not upgrade my product because I had purchased it thru a third person -LRB- meaning `` Office Max '' -RRB- . I ask you whoever is reading this , `` what kind of salesmanship is that '' ??? If that is not a tactic to make people buy the same product twice , then what is it ??? What else is this company doing I wonder ??? If thats the way they conduct business then I wonder if they are the ones creating some of the spam and spyware ??? Bottom line , if you buy this product thru Amazon , you will NOT be able to upgrade . My computer never did go noticeably faster until I cleaned out my internet catch . I 'm wondering just what `` adware stuff '' is program is really finding ???
 I received the standard version , but did not know the CD has two versions ; the `` Pro '' version is included as a try / buy demo , while the standard version is primitive . Text recognition is good , but preservation of the origninal layout is poor . I was dismayed when the scan result completely dropped a column of numbers on my first trial scan , and would not pick it up unless I manually blocked the column , but then everything else was dropped . I tried a scan combining text and graphics , and the result was very garbled . The resulting file transfered well into WordPerfect , but not into MS Word , as claimed . The `` Pro '' version did somewhat better , but not to my satisfaction . I need something else . This product is supposed to recognize characters of 53 languages -LRB- especially Russian -RRB- , so for some people that may be the deciding feature .
 Installlation closed down all applications at end , have never seen that in 100 's of other program installation . Not comforting!Since WinDVD installation Windows Media Player Blue Screens -LRB- with Stop Error -RRB- while playing certain . mpg files . Would you want to give up your Win Media Player or loose your work while clicking accidentally or not on an Mpeg file ? Unacceptable !
 Looks like an interesting peice of software but it did not fix the screen overlay problem found on the OEM version shipped by Dell . In the end , Windows Media 9.0 fixed the issues I had with playing DVDs on my high end laptop . Probably a great tool for video editing but adds little value for just videa playback .
 Never got it to work . Even downloaded latest vers . Tried on a different computer . No joy . In fact that 's how I would describe this product ... No JOY !
 Like most MattelInteractive game titles for children , this game features circa 1995 graphics and gameplay , a major disapointment for children accustomed to games with true 3-D rendering and animated play .
 When Auto-protect is running , I can not get Outlook to load up email in less than 10 minutes . When Auto-protect is turned off , it takes seconds . I have talked to other people who do not see this behavior and would love to know what the difference is between their system and mine that causes this . In the mean time , I turn off Auto-protect whenever I need to read email .
 I remember the days when Norton Utilities and Norton Antivirus were THE tools to have . Now ? Forget it , unless you want your computer to slow to a crawl , your Internet experience slower than molasses in January , and constant reminders that `` your subscription has expired '' even though it 's new and is most definitely not expired . Add to that the problems downloading upgrades , where NAV was blocking itself!No more.I 'm done with Norton . Thanks , Symantec . You used to have decent products too .
 Norton will simply slow your computer down to crawl . If you want to own a 10 year old pc , then buy this , if you dont , then buy Kaspersky . Norton will not provide you as much protection as Kaspersky and also will kill all the processes on your pc .
 BUYER BEWARE : No support . I bought the program for my daughter 's computer and tried to install it but it told me the program was out of date . I have been trying to get assistance , but their help messages take forever to get back to you . And then their solutions have not worked . The online chat is backed up and there is little hope of getting an answer using that . After months of getting the computer on the weekend and trying their solutions -LRB- which still do not solve the problem -RRB- they will not let me return it .
 this was a bad experience for me . seller told me to call norton to solve the problem and norton told me to call the seller . I have to go and buy this product all over again.please make sure your sellers have some responsibility over the product they sell and help the customer with the issues.thanks
 I had to uninstall Norton 2007 because it slowed down my computer so much that I thought I had a virus . In other words , the programmers managed to write code that acts like a virus . Actually pretty funny if it would not be so annoying . I want my money back .
 Norton Antivirus 2007 -LRB- Internet Worm Protection -RRB- blocks the built-in VPN functionality of Windows XP Professional . Norton Tech Support are clueless and useless in resolving this issue . More gripes
 During installation a message came up that Norton Antivirus wo n't install with Zone Alarm . Then a prompt appeared to ask if I wanted to uninstall Zone Alarm . There was no previous warning about this incompatibility . Of course , I will NOT uninstall Zone Alarm . Do NOT buy Norton Antivirus !
 While installing Norton Antivirus 2007 XP , a Norton message flashed that I must delete Webroot for MSN . I did it , and it resulted in crashing the session.Tried first the paying phone support and gave up after 2 hrs wait . Then ried the online chat . The wait went on for 9hrs , started # 245 in the queue and by now in lline at # 59 I realized this was not the Norton I 'd used for so many years , I ordered Kapersky anti-virus .
 I will be filing a formal complaint with my State 's Consumer Protection Division to investigate this product and Norton 's methods of coercing users to renew their product , quickly on an annual basis.I have been using Norton anti-virus protection on my computer for at least 3 years.Since then , I have noticed a pattern of serious computer crashes within a few days of the annual product expiration date.The cost of repair each time runs me about $ 150.00 . So year after year , I rush to purchase the new product update.Until this year , I wondered about the pattern of annual crashes , then was forced to conclude that my observation of the correlation of serious/expensive computer crash and its timing was not random , but predictable.How did I draw my conclusion?My spouse 's computer is protected with Norton . We do not share the same product copy . I predicted on September 10 , 2007 that her computer would have a very serious Crash within a few days of the expiration date of the Norton Product . On September 18 , 2007 , about two or three days after receiving the expiration date notice it Crashed.Now bear in mind that , the computer in question is not frequently used.In 2006 , I was forced to replace my laptop , due to my Norton experience . I wondered then about the pattern , but simply dismissed it.Well this year , I will ask the Consumer Protection Division in my State 's Attorney General 's Office to look into the pattern of the problem observed and help to verify if the problem is more widespread .
 It was a happy day when I finally uninstalled Norton 2007 . Instantly , my computer came back to life . I 've had six months of nothing but slow start-ups , endless load times , and programs that either quit on their own or would n't quit when I wanted them to . Enough ! I dumped them . And I used to be a happy Norton customer . But no more . Do yourself a big favor and avoid this one . If you 're looking for some good anti-virus software I recommend AVG . But Norton does n't deserve your business . All they deserve is a kick in the pants .
 I discourage any consumer from buying this product . I recently upgraded my Norton subscription via the internet and I regret doing so - never has my computer been slower ! After I installed NAV 2007 , not only would my computer lag , but it would also make a perpetual noise that sounded like it was loading when it was really Norton slowing the system down . As others have said , Norton hogs your computer 's resources . As a result , the bootup and shutdown processes take longer . Even worse is when you leave your computer on standby , only to have it freeze upon again upon returning to your workstation . Proof that Norton takes up to much space
 Sadly , I did n't read the review -LRB- s -RRB- of N/A 2007 -- SHOULD HAVE ! Like many , I 've been a customer since the '90s . I does seem like , with each new incarnation of their software , things are getting significantly worse . I just purchased a 5-user subscription and have incredible heartburn already on the first install . I 'm going to try and get my money back - but I see a long road of frustration ahead of me . I 'll be looking elsewhere regardless . Symantec , you really have bottomed out ! If you 're are a responsible company , you should sort this A.S.A.P. . Once you loose your core base - they 're gone forever . Norton A/V 2007 final grade = F ... !!!
 I have been a loyal customer as many others have reported . I am also a software engineer and know computers and their software inside and out . NAV 2006 was okay , but 2007 has yet to work on my system . I have emailed their tech support with extreme detail -LRB- from one programmer to another -RRB- and continue to get back canned responses telling me to do what I just told them I did . They do n't read the customer emails , they certainly do n't listen to the customer on the phone , and even a highly technical expert ca n't get this piece of garbage to work . Everyone should avoid buying this software on principal to send a BIG message to Symantec about customer service and their software products . They take our money , yet charge you to fix their bugs , and still ca n't get it working . It 's just not right , and frankly should be illegal .
 I have been a loyal Norton product user for years . But this year 's product insults my intelligence . It would require me to uninstall my ZoneAlarm software -LRB- which is a firewall and only a firewall -RRB- before it will install . But nowhere on the box does it say that is a requirement . The manual inside the box says you have to remove other anti-virus software , which has been a requirement for years and sounds reasonable to me . However , only after you open the box and the CD envelope and start to install Norton AntiVirus 2007 , do you discover the requirement to remove ZoneAlarm.That is arrogance by the corporation . Do they then expect me to buy their firewall ? I would much rather buy ZoneAlarm 's Antivirus software and be done with it . Do n't buy this product and send a message to software vendors that the intelligence of customers needs to be respected . If your product does n't work with another , let me know up front so I can make an intelligent buying decision .
 I 've never had a problem with Norton AntiVirus until the 2007 came out . It kept failing to install and then finally it corrupted my C drive and my computer would n't start . There was a `` conflict '' with my HP operating system . After being on the phone for 2 hours with tech support from HP and paying $ $ $ I was able to get my computer restored . It was determined that the Norton caused my computer to crash . Norton of course does n't provide a customer service number . I had to go online and try and find it . Once I did they were anything but helpful . They flat out refused to reimburse me for the money I had to shell out to fix my computer that THEIR program caused . So I have spent money on the disk I ca n't use , spent money to fix my computer and now have no virus protection . It was suggested I talk to technical support to install and I told them you want me to try and install it again so my computer will crash and I have to pay to get it fixed again and you not help me ? I do n't think so ! I am very upset and feel very ripped off !!
 I 've been using Norton Antivirus for years . It 's always done a great job . I just installed the 2007 version . AAAAHHHHH ! The browser is so slow it 's not usable . Never again ! Now I need to find a product I can trust again . Just my opinion but you may find it helpful .
 What a nightmare.Imagine everything that 2006 was and more bloat to spare.Just read the reviews for norton 2006 . Symantec has learned nothing except , how to charge you for the privlege of getting their products to work.The protection may stop working at anytime , without warning.Of course norton will tell you everything is fine.I dare you norton to offer free live telephone support for the life , of your customers subscriptions , like leginamate decent companies offer.Just say no to this junkware.If your programs are working just renew your subscription.Thank you Stewart L.Update 10/24/06 . You should know that webroot spysweeper is offering antivirus protection with their antispyware program.Of course symantec would seek to block a competitor.Symantec programs are buggy and unstable to begin with.And Webroot offers free live telephone support and really cares about its customers , unlike nortons get out your credit card support system !!! I am sure this program will work for some without a hitch.But just wait until you do have a problem !!! Many people raved about norton 2006 , then reality set in.Well I hope this year is different.Thank You!Update 11/15/06 . On my my 3 machines , the intrusion detection has reverted back to sept 22,2006 . I wonder how many machines out there have old intrusion detections , running on their machines.This means you not protected against new viruses worms etc.Of course all is reported okey !!! Update 02/17/07 . The intrusion error problem can be fixed with complete removel of this program and using their symart , or shall i say their partial removal tool!I am amazed at how many people get suckered into buying this program!It is terrible.And yes please continue to check your intrusion signatures.They may not be current on your computers ! Update 02/19/07 . My intrusions Detections failed to update.I was told by symantec to uninstall and reinstall again This means if i continue to use their program i have to reinstall monthly . !!! Updates itself great product Not !!
 This version of NAV will NOT INSTALL if you have ZoneAlarm or Spysweeper on your computer . The install routine says they are incompatible . Symantec does not reveal this on the box and you only find out after you have purchased and are trying to install . I wonder if NAV 2007 is truly incompatible with these products , or if Symantec is trying this as a competition tactic . Anyway , if you prefer to keep your best of breed products such as the Zone Alarm firewall and Spysweeper antispyware , you must choose some other antivirus package .
 I purchased Norton Antivirus 2007 as I have been using Norton for years . But I have to say that Symantec has been going down hill fast since the sell out by Barry Greenstein . And Norton Antivirus 2007 never got installed on my computer after buying it here.When I went to install it , a screen came up saying I HAD to uninstall Spy Sweeper and Zonealarm before installing Norton as the programs are not compatible.Well I do n't use Spy Sweeper all that much , so that was okay , but I likes Zonealarm and wanted to keep it . When I went to Symantec tech support , all they would tell me is I could not run Norton 2007 with Zonealarm and I should return it for a refund and then go buy the suite with Norton 's Internet Security . That is `` BS '' if you know what I mean !!!
 You can only install this product on a limited number of home computers , although Symantec does n't tell you this . Dealing with their technical support in India is a nightmare . They just parrot-back things that are in the user manual . Avast ! Home Edition is a superior product with a much lower footprint on your operating system .
 I have been using NAV 2007 for the past year , regrettably . The one positive aspect is that I have n't gotten any viruses , but that 's where it ends . It has slowed down my computer in every aspect , from bootup to internet usage to email to such a degree that I upgraded my machine from 512meg of RAM to 1G of RAM , hoping to get some speed back . No such luck . My subscription expires in about 40 days and I have already bought a replacement Trend Micro 's PC-cillin . One other pet peeve I have with Norton , you start getting these obnoxious warnings that your software subscription expires soon about a month ahead . If you install the new subscription , your new subscription starts on that day , NOT when you 're original subscription ends . So , if you update to a new version when you start getting the `` warnings '' , you will lose whatever time you had left on your old subscription.I also used the Norton Anti-Spam product which found more of my `` good '' email to be spam and totally missed lots of the actual spam email . Besides the headache of trying to `` train '' the software , it consistently locked up Outlook Express to a point that I could n't reboot , but had to unplug my computer to restart it . I talked with Tech support , but had a long phone wait , canned email responses , none of which helped . I finally disabled the Anti-Spam , and guess what ? My problems -LRB- with this -RRB- went away.Norton used to be top-of-the-line , but the last year or two they have really taken a dive in tech support and product quality as a whole . It 's time to move on to a better product . Several IT managers have told me Trend Micro is the best overall , and that 's what I 'll be using .
 The pain begins with the upgrade , which would n't complete on my PC . Error messages suggested uninstalling NAV2006 first , so I did . The install still failed . The Symantec website recommended the Symantec removal tool , so I downloaded and ran it . It does n't remove WinFax Pro , which I had to uninstall manually first . After finally running the removal tool , I was able to install NAV2007 , but LiveUpdate hung . I cancelled after 5 minutes , but could n't run NAV2007 without illegal operation errors . It would n't uninstall either , so I had to roll back to an earlier restore point , run the removal tool again , and reinstall . This time I let LiveUpdate run and it actually completed after 7-8 minutes . Unfortunately , when I reinstalled WinFax , I lost my sent and received items . Attempts to import them -LRB- images were still on the hard drive -RRB- failed . 9 hours down the drain.Next issue . My ISP is AT&T ; Yahoo , who recently switched to SSL for email . After upgrading , Outlook 2003 took very long to connect to the POP3 server , sometimes not connecting at all , sometimes erroring out . My other 3 PCs running different AV work fine , so I contacted AT&T ; and we eventually narrowed it down to NAV . The tech said he thought NAV did n't support SSL email connections . Sure enough , if you hit the Symantec website , you 'll see that 's true , and that they recommend turning the feature off . There 's nothing else you can do , since there are far fewer configuration options in NAV2007 than in prior versions.Turning off email scans only made the POP3 connection issue slightly better . It also leaves a big fat exclamation point on the status icon indicating there 's a problem to be fixed . It ca n't be disabled . This is more than annoying - customers should be able to depend on it to identify only `` real '' problems . Consciously disabling email scans because the product wo n't do them is a problem only Symantec can fix.I used Symantec 's chat to report my problems . `` Vijay '' spent most of the time answering questions I did n't ask . Eventually , he requested control of my machine , poked around in the options a little , and declared NAV was working OK . He also assured me I did n't need to scan email because I had an SSL connection . Apparently Symantec 's techs do n't realize encryption does n't block malware.I 'm 30 days into my subscription and totally unsatisfied . I 'd throw away the $ 40 and switch , but I use this PC for remote access to worksites and , ironically , their client checkers demand a `` reliable '' anti-virus product like NAV - LOL ! PC World rated NAV2007 second in their latest roundup , so they 're clearly missing something significant in their evaluative criteria . In short , they 're wrong . Stay away .
 Read the rest of the 1 star reviews -LRB- this product deserves no stars -RRB- It will eat up your cpu , causing other programs running to Freeze , then you have to shut down and reboot . The only way to keep the otherprograms from locking up is to shut down NAV 2007 , whats the point in that.Now most of the time when we are using any program that requires a minimalamount for processing we turn off NAV 2007 . It is a load of C ** p.But if you do n't believe me , send them a check , it looks as thoughthey be happy to accept money from other suckers beside myself .
 Do not buy this product if you use your computer to access a remote VPN , such as an office network from home . Norton Antivirus blocks the VPN connection . Weeks of email exchange with Symantec tech support have failed to produce a solution . There are plenty of postings on the internet by other people with this problem , but none with a solution for this specific product .
 Be very careful of Symantec . Their product packaging says it applies to a certain operating system , but in reality it does n't and you ca n't get it upgraded to apply unless you buy `` another '' package , so why pay twice ? Do n't trust the Symantec packaging . I spent 5 hours on the phone tonight with
 I 've never written a negative software review in my life , but the other posters here are correct about the compatibility issue . I went to install Norton Antivirus 2007 and I received a prompt stating I had to uninstall SpySweeper and ZoneAlarm . Well , it 's own fault for not researching this beforehand . Honestly , I do n't even know if Norton states this on their webpage . Buyer beware . Do some shopping and buy something better than this garbage .
 All of the headaches with this poorly designed resource hogging product are covered in the other reviews . Want to keep your computer from slowing down ? Avoid Norton . Want not to have to shell out 40 bucks EVERY YEAR because your virus definitions expire ? Avoid Norton . Practically every other anti-virus solution is just as good and usually better ... and ALWAYS cheaper .
 Just like my title says , Symantec is the most awful AV software around . You 'd think with all their R&D ; they would have automatic updates set to more than once a week by default , and actually fix the problems their software has had for the last ten years.NOD32 blows this out of the water , uses no noticeable resources , and scans 300GB of data in eight minutes . It also updates continually and has a far greater ability to spot patterns of malicious code that are not in virii definitions yet compared to Symantec.Sorry Norton , you 're more useless than anyone can imagine .
 I bought my computer last year , and it was supposed to have a trial norton anti-virus , but it was blocking me access to even get on to the machine . I called for help , and they wanted to charge me 70.00 + dollars , saying that this problem often happened with the trial one , and I would have to buy the complete package for my machine to work/even though I bought the insurance for 2 years for the machine to work . I had planned at the time to purchase the norton package anyway , but this process duped me out of the 30 free day trial period . I said to the norton rep that I wanted to speak to a manager , and the manager just laughed at me . In the past , I had norton anti-virus , and it worked on my other computer-it was the one that came with my last machine , and I was happy with it . Today , the internet explorer said that my machine was infected by trojan and spyware . I have 200 + days left on my norton anti-virus , so I called norton to ask why the norton was not blocking these . They wanted full access to my computer , and to have me pay them 100.00 to access my computer and take off the virus ' and trojan and spyware , even though when you sign on with them , it says I would not be charged any more than 10.00 to fix what should already have been fixed in the first place . I said to them , if you ca n't back your product , it is not worth my time or yours , and denied the full access of my computer they wanted . I will never buy norton products again . Norton Security 2006
 This software sucks . After the bloatware installs and Windows takes an extra 2 minutes to load , Norton Antivirus 2007 killed my Internet connection . I am not a newbie . I build sytems and can write software.The only way to solve the problem is to turn off the `` Internet Worm Protection '' . This is pathetic . My parents would have thought their computer was dead forever.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEYI am going to dump this product and start using something free like AVG that does n't cripple my system.AGAIN ... TRY TURNING OFF THE INTERNET WORM PROTECTION WHEN YOU LOSE YOU INTERNET CONNECTION . Good luck ... You will need it .
 I 've been a loyal Norton Antivirus user for years , and consider myself pretty computer savvy , so I 'm not usually put off by a minor problem or two . I put up with Antivirus 2006 , which was really kludgy and had a terrible user interface . But Symantec has hit rock bottom with Antivirus 2007 . Startup is abominably slow . ccApp wo n't properly close down . ccSvchost blows up at Windows shutdown . This product has been steadily going downhill as it gets bigger , and bigger , and ... I even removed the product and reinstalled , but to no avail . After reading other reviews , the last thing I want to do is speak to a service rep with a prepared script , except to demand my money back .
 This is the last Symantec product I will ever buy . I just tried to install this and it told me I would have to uninstall ZoneAlarm Pro . Frack them ! I love the ZoneAlarm Pro and have been using it for years . I upgraded to the 3 user version to put all the household computers on the same plan . What a mistake . Upgrading another -LRB- non ZoneAlarm -RRB- computer took 3 hours -LRB- several re-installs -RRB- because the Symantec upgrade script ca n't clean-up the registry correctly when a user changes the drive the software gets installed to . What a lame mistake . And this is not the first time I have had problems with Symantic installs.But this last issue is the worst . There was no warning on the package that I would have to abandon my favorite program in order to fit into their world . They exhibit a toxic mix of arrogance and incompetence . I am sick of them .
 If you have ZoneAlarm firewall installed , you CAN NOT install Norton AntiVirus 2007 . Like many other people , I feel ZoneAlarm is a superior firewall program and I will not uninstall it just to upgrade to NAV2007.The sad thing is that Symantec does not inform you of this before you have already started the installation . Nowhere on their packaging ... nowhere on their website ... nowhere in the downloadable pdf manual.This is totally unacceptable . Symantec has finally succeeded in driving away many computer users who have been loyal to Norton AntiVirus of the past .
 I own a computer repair business , and I get a kick out of scanning virus-infected computers that have Norton Anti-virus/Internet Security on it . If you think the program is doing its job , and finding all of the bad stuff , think again ! It does n't find a tenth of the stuff on your computer , and is also a resource hog -LRB- much like its Internet Security cousin -RRB- that slows down some computers to the brink of crashing . Do n't waste your money ! There are free programs that can find a lot more stuff than this junk can .
 When I had 17 days left on my 2006 Norton Antivirus subscription , I pressed `` upgrade now '' to see what the options were . When I found out that just buying another 1 year of subscription for the 2006 product costs more than buying a new 2007 product on amazon.com , I cancelled the process . After that , my status screen said `` subscription expired '' . I used the online chat to try to fix the problem and get my 17 days back , but was told that 1 year had past since I purchased the product so they could do nothing . They could not explain why I had had 17 days left or how my status screen said that the latest update was 6 days * after * they said my subscription expired.I decided to go with F_PROT antivirus - it 's cheaper , has the same features -LRB- auto update and file system and email monitoring -RRB- , and includes a license for 5 home computers . I have 2 computers so I figure I saved 70 dollars . It was downloaded and installed in minutes , and the first time it ran it found a virus in a file that I 'd had for 6 months but Norton never found .
 This was one of the worst software programs that I have ever tried to install on my computer . The install was very difficult , the updating module loaded incorrectly . I spent over 6 hours hanging on the phone on three occasions waiting for a service agent to assist me.I finally had to have a agents help to uninstall the program , and I returned the program to Amazon for a refund.Almost any of the free antivirus programs are a better choice .
 Customer service is VERY IMPORTANT . Norton is not the best nor worst product if you consider the software only , but the software is only part of the product . I personally have n't been any more impressed with Symantec 's Norton anti virus products than I 've been with PC-cillin or McAfee , so this following experience was not a plus for the promotion of the entire Symantec line of products.Several weeks ago , Norton updated its 2006 anti virus software and a very important program on my PC stopped working . The software manufacturer of the said program advised me of this and sent me a link to Norton to have this corrected . There was another option that they sent me , but for some strange reason , I chose the link to Norton.This was in the early AM and I had no problem getting a Norton tech via chat who stated that because of this software conflict and the fact that I have several months left on my subscription for Norton 2006 , the easiest way to fix the problem was to give me a FREE UPGRADE to Norton 2007 anti virus which would not conflict with my program . I verified the FREE part , and she sent me the link . I was on my way . NOT.Of course the `` free upgrade '' gave me these choices ... pay up , download a FREE TRIAL , or enter my product key . I went on an online chat later in the day and explained my problem , repeating what the 1st tech told me . The 2nd tech -LRB- who I waited online for for 30 minutes ... -RRB- was in agreement and told me that I would need to get a product key assigned to allow for my upgrade ... she even asked me if I tried my old product key just in case -LRB- which I had done to no avail -RRB- . Of course , she could not do this , only customer service could supply me with a key.Enter Raji or whatever his name was -LRB- all of these people are in India or somewhere in that part of the world ... can you say scripting ? -RRB- Raji , customer service rep , could only help me if I could give him the product key ... I repeated to him over and over that THAT is why I contacted him per a Norton tech ... I was being given a free upgrade , I gave him my chat reference numbers , but he was like an automatron ... pat responses , no help . I was also very very upset because in the process of downloading the 2007 program before I found out about the `` NOT FREE '' problem , I had to uninstall my 2006 ... which would n't completely uninstall , so I had NO virus protection on my PC as far as I knew ... he could n't help me with that either . So here I am with a guy who wo n't honor my promised request , and obviously would n't or could n't see my chat records ... I asked him what good chat confirmation numbers are if one does n't use them to verify information ? Of course , he just blew that off , no response Has anyone noticed on chats and in conversations with Norton how many of your questions go unanswered ? I had asked for responses to my questions several times when they ignored them , and they just moved on to another subject repeatedly . EVIL.So , I said to Raji , `` great , now you wo n't honor my FREE upgrade ... . and the word TRIAL was never brought up in my previous chats ... . AND I am stuck , I ca n't reload my Norton 2006 . '' His response was , `` I 'll have to transfer you to a technical rep. for that . '' I became irate , I did not swear , but I was SO ANGRY at this point I just about stroked out and yelled `` DO NOT DO NOT TRANSFER THIS CALL !!!! '' I may have blacked out after that -LRB- ha -RRB- . I finally discovered the uninstall tool that is needed -LRB- did this on my own -RRB- and completely uninstalled 2006 , which I had to then REINSTALL so I would at least have what I started out with . I had one more chat afterward this Raji mess in which I demanded a higher up , so a guy tech got on and we started over again , same garbage . We got disconnected . I was done with Norton FOREVER at this point.Well in a nutshell , I spent about four plus hours on the PC that day , much of it waiting in queues . The really funny bit was when I explained to the last tech ... before the `` SUPERVISOR '' got on -LRB- yeah right -RRB- all that I had done , all the hoops I had jumped through , and she started giving me instructions off the flowchart or whatever they use for troubleshooting , I said , '' I 'm not doing all that again , I have done all of those things several times ... I 've been on the computer for four hours , nothing you 're telling me to do is new '' she actually had the nerve to say , `` I 'm sorry MS. ... , but I am trying my best to help you with this problem , and if you ARE UNWILLING TO ATTEMPT these procedures ... '' AAAAAAAAHHHHH ! Boy did I use a lot of caps after that comment ... she apologized but I was feeling homicidal at this point.I did seem to fix my problem by using the second procedure recommended by the software company -LRB- of the program that Norton 's upgrade affected -RRB- . I hope it sticks ... but I 'm absolutely done with Norton.Doesn ' t Symantec know that they have plenty of competition ?
 I have been using Nortons Anti-virus exclusively on all my MS Windows PC 's for at least 12 years now , in the early days I also used their other products . time was when `` power users '' swore by Norton 's Utilities , their flagship product.Well , all I can say is I have seen their software go consistently downhill and put it 's hooks deeper and deeper into Windows . I 've had more than one user tell me horror stories where basically trying to uninstall and re-install a Nortons product has rendered their PC unusable , only a re-installation of the operating system could remedy the problem.And these people had all spent numerous hours on the phone with Symantec support specialists.Myself , I was somewhat more fortunate . After their support team told me `` we have tried everything in the book '' and told me my case was escalated and that I would be contacted by a senior technician , I was never contacted . I received confirmation emails from a supposed real person when I registered the case online , but after replying to the sender -LRB- who had a real username address , not a generic mailbox name -RRB- and receiving no replies , I must assume they are done with me.But when I look online at my credit card , they had no problem charging me the $ 39.99 for a product that even they can not get to install.Well , after spending about 14 hours online researching and trying various cleaners , tweaks , and performing some system maintenance , I am proud to say that every trace of their software is off my computer , my computer is free of viruses and a trojan-rootkit that Nortons never even noticed I had.In fact , the whole reason Norton 's , or any anti-virus software I could download from any vendor for that matter , would not install , was because of the virus on my system.I am actually shocked the tech support person did not recognize the symptoms I explained , they must be stuck reading from their scripts and flowcharts , rather than using Google to find what real users have found to work in the real world on real computers.As I have worked for software companies before , I am intimately familiar with what it takes to release a new version . I am just surprised Symantec has again released a product that is so problematic . And the problems most often start with conflicts from their own products , or earlier versions.What I would love to see is all the people everywhere who paid for a product that is unusable band together and try and get some justice . This company continues to take people 's money because they let them.As an aside , my PC runs so much better now that all the myriad Symantec files are gone from it.So , back in the glory days of the Internet , us Unix-Admin types were worth about 150 an hour consulting , I 'll give you half off as the economy is bad these days -LRB- but there are plenty of jobs in India supporting buggy software ! -RRB- so 14 hours at $ 75 an hour is $ 1,050.00 Symantec , if you make the check to cash I 'll forget about the $ 39.99 you also owe me for your useless software ... Thanks
 Just last night , I decided to uninstall norton , as it was causing my Dell 8200 to freeze up . Heck I notice dell does not even use norton anti virus for there newer computers they sell now , there using the McAee Anti virus software . So Im finish with Norton , I 've been a Norton user for many years , now I going for a change , as of now Im running no anti virus software , but I plan to buy some other kind in the upcoming days . I notice my PC boots faster now that Norton is off , and programs load faster : D
 Norton Antivirus 2007 is a terrible software . I tried to install it under Win XP . It is extremely unstable . There are so many `` unexpected error , please bala bala ... '' . Everytime there is an red-x error sign on the icon , I ca n't figure out if it is working or not . If there is a time to consider buying NAV 2007 , DO N'T CHOOSE NAV !
 Waste of money and time . This product did n't clean up the virses/adware I thought it would help clean up -LRB- Winantivirus adware , DriveCleaner and ErrorSafe -RRB- . Claims of Symatec are tall but very poor customer service .
 I 've had 2007 , 2006 , all the way back to Norton 's first . After three or more crashes a year where I had to uninstall and then reinstall Norton , I 've given up and gone to Avast . It 's as simple as that . And to think that Norton is better than McAfee !
 I too have finally decided that I have had it with Norton . Their products just really slow down your computer and there is always another program that it does not work with . There are a lot of other programs out there that work better and cost less . I agree with all the other reviewers here that Norton is not for me .
 I too , was a lifelong Norton user . I have used Utilities since they began it . I graduated to their SystemWorks programs . Then one day , the problems started . SystemWorks caused as many problems as they helped . I began to see many knocks against the software , telling folks that it is better to use the free tools Windows comes with . Eventually , I stopped upgrading SystemWorks and just used the Anti-Virus tools . I bought a new Dell Desktop , and selected the Internet Tools . When I had issues with the PC , it seemed the Norton program was of little use . I reformatted the HD and reinstalled the O/S . The first program I installed from there was the Norton , making sure my system was as clean as possible when I installed it . No good . I wo n't bore anyone with all the details.I did everything under the sun to resolve this . Their online help was of no help . The online chat help was frustratingly useless . I must have chatted to five of six different people , with five or six different sets of instructions on how to `` solve '' my problems . No good . I even tried -LRB- many times -RRB- to use their online tool to fix things . Again , no good.Thinking that SystemWorks was the problem , I figured seeing that my subscription was about up , I was ready to give up and just go out and buy a new program . So , the idiot I am , I went out and bought AntiVirus 2007 . Nothing changed . More of the same error messages , useless Symantec help , many hours of my time wasted , and plenty of frustration.Thanks Symantec . How far you 've dropped in people 's confidence . Know of any good Anti-Virus software to recommend for me ?
 I have been a long time user of norton anti-virus , but their 2007 edition is utter garbage - nothing but error messages when I tried to install it on a brand new XP Pro PC that vastly exceeded the min installation requirements.I rang the customer support line , but when an announcement said that , ' ... a credit card number is required ' , I put the phone down.So , Norton now writes garbage software and has the audacity to charge their loyal customers when there are -LRB- inevitable -RRB- problems.I am a long-time loyal Norton customer no more ...
 Have used for three years on three machines . It bogs down your system resources , the updates are not fully automatic and often require time consuming reboot to finish.THE MOST ANNOYING ISSUE IS THE 30 DAY EXPIRATION POPUP which incessantly reminds you you need to repay your annual upgrade ransom at the end of 365 days from first machine install . I will not upgrade again solely becuase of the popup approach -LRB- from an antivirus company ! -RRB- . Never has caught anything dangerous on my machines . Waste of money.I bought the 3 machine package last year . Installed the third license on dual boot iMac -LRB- Windows -RRB- only to find 45 days of remaining coverage . That is really fair . No more money for Norton products.HINT
 Been a Norton AV user for several years . Upgraded to NAV2007 this week on my XP SP2 PC , and after that , about all that worked was email and web browsing . Could not update my website with FrontPage , Google Earth could not connect to it 's server , I could not run any program installation , could not run `` remove programs '' feature in Control Panel , and could not shut down my PC -LRB- stuck on the `` Saving your settings '' screen forever -RRB- . Also , after installing it , all the process `` User names '' were blank in Task Manager . It was a major headache to remove NAV2007 , but finally managed to do it by renaming directories while in safe mode . Am now happily using another vendor 's AV . Thanks , Symantec , for finally convincing me to jump ship !
 I just want to say as someone who grew up on Symantec products , and who has spent years trying to set Norton up to work with my system , I am done , I am out . No mas . And it feels soooo good . Like pulling a multi-tentacled parasite out of my brain good.This is simply a product that got away from itself and worms its way into every crevice of your computer and creates many problems in the name of security.Quicken could not communicate with my banks , I spent hours on the phone trying to resolve it , never did . Could n't use quicken for years . I can now . I always had an alert from Norton on my desktop because I turned off one small part of its security . If I had a big virus problem I would be none the wiser.AVS free anti-virus is the way to go . Avoid Norton at all costs .
 Just got the shaft from Norton . Have a three user license , currently installed on 2 systems but can not activate third because their database shows 8 installations ! Their solution , after hours on the phone and in tech support chat
 Having been a loyal NAV user for many years , I finally gave up with NAV 2007 . After many hours of trying to upgrade from 2006 to 2007 , including using all those specialized uninstall/install tools from the Norton website , I never did get NAV 2007 to install correctly -LRB- Windows XP with SP2 -RRB- . On top of that , those Norton uninstall tools corrupted the start-up process which launches many background tasks during reboot -LRB- such as automatic backups , Hotsync manager for Palm , etc. -RRB- . I have n't yet figured out how to fix that problem , so I have to manually start them on each reboot . What a pain ! No decent product should put the user through these problems!I did not try using live support , but that approach seemed hopeless after reading other reviews at Amazon and elsewhere . Something is definitely very wrong at Norton
 This thing consumes so much of my machine 's resources it makes for a truly miserable experience . Here are the things that particularly drive me nuts :1 . The program tends to get corrupted often and a box appears requesting a reinstall . What a joke .2 . LiveUpdate often requires a restart which is pretty inconvenient .3 . After running a scan -LRB- which I schedule late at night while sleeping -RRB- , instead of completing its various tasks another box appears requiring one to click on the finish button.I 'm about to uninstall and getting something else . Apparently the uninstall process is is also a pain . Way to go Norton !
 WARNING !! This was the worst experience ever have upgrading software from the same co. . I have Norton Ghost , Partition Magic , and 06 Internet Security on my laptop . After instructed to remove 06 IS , I installed the 07 Antivirus . After finish , I kept getting a pop-up Runtime Error msg and the produce will not work . I went to the support site and follow the instructions to use their Autofix tool to completely remove all of 06 IS and LiveUpdate . I did so and reinstalled the Antivirus . STILL GOT THE SAME @ # $ % ^ ERROR ! I went back to the support site and was told to remove the old IS and upgrade to a new LiveUpdate first . I did so and reinstalled Antivirus . STILL GOT THE SAME @ # $ % ^ ERROR ! I called support and waited 30 mins . Finally was told I needed to pay $ 29 fee for live help . I returned the product and vow to never buy from Symantec again . I purchased CA Internet Security and installed without any problem .
 I 've removed Norton Antivirus from three computers in the past year due to performance degradation . Last week I helped a friend who 's laptop became became so slow it was unusable . After doublechecking current updates had been downloaded , doing the usual maintenance steps to improve performance -LRB- including scanning for spyware , etc. -RRB- , and then running a bunch of hardware diagnostics , I did n't find any problems , but the computer was still too slow to use . Finally , I removed Norton Antivirus -LRB- after disconnecting from the Internet -RRB- . Voila ! The computer was suddenly much much faster . I then installed a different Antivirus program and the laptop continued to chug along at a good speed . Norton had gummed up the works somehow.Sometimes uninstalling Norton products can be very difficult . On my own computer , it required contacting Symantec support . They eventually provided me with special uninstall software to download . It turned out their regular uninstall process could n't do the complete job , at least on my computer.I 've been a big user and recommender of Norton products for years . I wo n't suggest them to anyone again until I 'm convinced Symantec has fixed the performance problems.Symantec , I hope you 're reading reviews like mine and that you 'll fix your products !
 This program quit running about a week after I installed it . I have heard similar complaints , but I thought it would never happen to me . Foolish me.Their are some unreliable `` solutions '' for problems with Norton softwar . You can pay $ 20 to talk to a rep -LRB- who would spend that kind money on something that should be working in the first place -RRB- . Or , you can e-mail a Norton tech and wait several days for a reply.As expected , the Norton techs gave me the runaround . I went overboard in the amount of information I thought they would need . Oh no , that was n't enough for them to solve my problem . They also wanted , a , b and c . After I gave that to them and waited several more days for a response , they needed x , y and z . This was a never ending process and repeated itself.Translation
 I am so disgusted with NAV 2007 . I do not advise anyone to waste their money on this bloated product.I installed it 3 days ago and I wished I had followed my gut feeling to not buy NAV anymore . I have been a faithful NAV customer since 2001 , but that will change when this version expires , or I decide to chuck it and the money I invested in it , sooner.This 2007 version has slowed my computer down so much , it is appauling . My computer crashes and I have to reboot to be able to search the web . My computer is new.DON ' T waste your money , I reccommend a free antivirus -LRB- AVAST or AVG -RRB- over this crap .
 Purchased , downloaded , attempted install , prompted to remove Zone Alarm . Last time I tried to remove ZA it was a disaster , so I was hesitant to do so . Called customer `` support '' , they confirmed it wo n't work with ZA . Asked for refund , placed on hold for the usual eternity . Refund will be issued after I agree to the destruction of intellectual property form . Form received , only option was to decline ! Replied to email , bounced saying symanticstore -LRB- or something like that -RRB- was no longer a valid address , go to customer service website . Forget that , I was on hold long enough for one day ! Guess I 'll wait and see if I actually get a credit on my next statement then dispute the charge with the credit card company . Way too much hassle for a product I used to believe in !
 I know what you 're saying , just buy memory I guess ... but ; the thing I hate about norton antivirus is YOU CANT TURN IT OFF ! If I am playing games or doing Audio stuff or working on Adobe Premiere , or Maya CG ... I would love to be able to free up all the resources I can . But there is no EXIT button for Norton . Sure you can disable it , but there it sits , hogging memory and slowing down stuff . I just worry about virii when I 'm on the internet looking around , NOT when I am just sitting at my computer working on stuff thats already there . I believed the hype `` you 'll get virii EVERY DAY without a virus protection software '' . For two years I had NOTHING , and only caught a Virus from a crack site -LRB- who knew ? -RRB- when I was looking for a No-CD patch for Flight Simulator 9 . How many viruses did I have ? ONE - from the crack site . What baloney . Rememebr when you got free virus updates for life ? Now its 40 bucks a year for more memory hogging bloat that you cant turn off when you want to . I think I 'll try mcafee instead . AS for the `` zonealarm '' problems , I never used it ... so I cant report on that .
 It 's unfortunate how low Norton has come . It ca n't compete nowadays with its competitors and it 's easy to see why
 I purchased from Amazon and downloaded from NU System Works , AntiVirus , Ghost 10 . System Crashed 2 of 3 computers that I installed . AntiVirus thinks Sys Wrks is a virus and shuts the sytstem down . When trying to use Ghost 10 to backup , the blue screen shows up all to often . Since I do n't connect to the internet when installing I have no passwords , but it asks me for one . Then when I do n't know it , the sys crashes . I have been doing computers since IBM punch cards . I want to buy software that works and has good tech support . I have no problems with Intel , MS , TrippLite , Dell , Acronis -LRB- replaced Ghost10 , have n't had to call tech sup -RRB- . The best thing I can say about these products is that Amazon delivered on time . I love you guys -LRB- gals to -RRB- . PS I did tech support -LRB- 123 , dBase3 -RRB- Westinghouse , GE . This is my 1st review . I usually just make it work -- NU Tech should know more about NU then I do -- I just had 2 dual processor SCSI 15,000 rpm Raid 4GB mem Dual monitor systems etc CRASH -- I 'M UPSET
 Would not install correctly or completely . After four or five tries online with their live technical support -LRB- which - incidentally - is in another country and dropped off in the middle of three of my sessions -RRB- and several hours of poor troubleshooting , my last technical `` expert '' basically told me go through the same troubleshooting techniques I had done prior to ever contacting online support . Awful . Forget the trouble and just buy Zone Alarm 's Internet Security suite . Works like a charm and no compatibility issues .
 This software is very bad . It blocks VPN traffic and no amount of working with any of Symantec support could resolve it . They blamed it on everything under the sun . This software is broken for sure . VPN traffic is blocked by the firewall and when you turn the firewall off VPN connections work perfectly . This has to work because an awful lot of telecommuters use VPN to connect into their offices . There are methods to configure this but Symantec support could not configure it in a way that works . I did the chat routine and paid support -LRB- which I refused to pay -RRB- . I have removed it and will never use it again . There are products out there that actually work . Given the problems , I have to question the overall product quality . BTW , I had two copies and tried it on two different machines . Both had NAV 2006 and worked fine .
 My experience with the last several versions of Norton AntiVirus is that they really slow your system down . Norton AntiVirus is becoming bloatware . It hogs your system 's resources and slow down your entire computing experience.You 'd be better off getting AVG Anti-Virus from GriSoft . It 's a superior product , cheaper , more reliable , and a lot less of a system resource hog .
 Continual problems with this software , it keeps switching itself off and wo n't let me switch it back on , instead it decides to run the liveupdate . If I wanted it to run liveupdate I 'd click on that , when I `` turn on '' autoupdate it would be nice if it did it . Sigh ... nope , had enough of Norton , it 's coming off my PC and I 'm going with a different anti virus software provider . I wo n't be buying Norton again . Ever .
 After several attempts to get my upgrade from Norton AV 2006 to 2007 , I called their support telephone . They walked me through the same steps I had followed -LRB- not their fault - they had to -RRB- and eventually passed along my issue to tech support , since it was a tech issue . After over 20 minutes of hold time -LRB- this was after 10 p.m. EST -RRB- I finally spoke with a rep and she walked me ... through the same steps I had gone before -LRB- anyone taking notes about cases back there , to save the customer the hassle of doing the same things ?? -RRB- After the tech rep took me essentially to the same spot that the `` regular '' customer service agent did before , she told me in order to do the technical troubleshooting required , I 'd have to pay for the rest of the technical call . I complained indicating that it was unacceptable to have to pay for this , considering my install of AV 2006 was working just fine -LRB- for a whole year -RRB- until I decided to upgrade to 2007 -LRB- instead of simply renewing my subscription , which would have cost the same -RRB- . I indicated that if I had to pay , then I wanted my money back for the software ... to which she said OK and she gave me a refund.In sum , with Norton Antivirus 2007 I could n't get my previous subscription information to be recognized by them in any way and when things got too complicated for them , they argued that I had to pay for the rest of the support call . I am now officially switching to Kaspersky Anti-Virus 6.0 , which I just learned about here in Amazon .
 Recently , I have experienced SEVERE slowing down of my computer - hanging up when trying to shut it down , and prolonged start up times ALL of which were cured when I finally figured out the problem and removed this bloated software off my computer.I 'm not a software designer or a computer expert but am reasonably adept and skilled on the computer and can for the most part fix nearly every problem I encounter . I do n't understand exactly WHY removing Norton solved my problems but I can tell you this
 -LRB- I own the 3-user liscense version -RRB- This is the first version of NAV , with which I have had trouble -LRB- and I have been a loyal Norton user since they came on floppy disks -RRB- . It will be my LAST Norton product . This program is far too large , both in terms of sheer disk size and processor usage . The program runs `` quick '' checks -LRB- NOT quick , despite the name -RRB- and LiveUpdate EACH TIME YOU START THE PC ... unless you entirely disable LiveUpdates . I have installled NAV 2007 on 3 computers , each of which have had different , but serious problems after the installation . One hangs on startup and shutdown about 50 % of the time , another can no longer connect to a VPN , unless the entire Trojan blocker part of NAV 2007 is disabled -LRB- despite HOURS on the phone with approximately 20 different Norton employees who repeatedly tried to charge $ 70 to talk to me about what is clearly a bug in their program ... and yes I set a rule in NAV to allow the VPN connection ... the bug being that no matter how many times the user sets a rule allowing `` to and from '' communication with a server , the rule remains set to ONLY allow one-way communication , so ... still no dice ! -RRB- , the third computer experienced so many issues during installation , that another anti-virus program had to be purchased for that machine.I am unable to offer a suggestion of which antivirus program to purchase other than to recommend NOT to purchase NAV 2007 . Maybe version 2008 will be back to the standards that I have come to expect from Symantec , but this consumer will not be there to find out !
 I recently got rid of my Norton 2006 Antivirus because of the many update problems and the many failed attempts and countless hours using the Norton site and their email support to `` try '' to fix the problems with no success . I now run AVG Antivirus and have to say I am very happy with it.My father did n't consult me before buying the Norton 2007 Antivirus so I figured if he wants it I will try to install it for him . Right off the bat I had to go to their site for some minor `` fixes '' . After that it told me it would not work with Zone Alarm Firewall . So in other words I would have to uninstall that and BUY their firewall . I do n't think so . My father also uses AVG Antivirus now and says his computer updates easily and seems to run faster . I have used AVG for about six months now and have no issues or complaints . Maybe someday Norton will wake up and finally fix their software so we do n't always have to fix what we did not screw up . As for me I am going to avoid Norton products for awhile .
 It would appear that if you buy your computer new with Norton pre-installed , there are n't these problems . But when you install it yourself , be prepared for huge problems ! Their tech support is horrible ! The program slows even the fastest computers way down and it takes forever for Norton to fully load . I have no faith in Norton anymore and I 've been a Norton Anti-virus customer for at least 15 years .
 All Symantec wants you to do is bait you into installing their crappy software -LRB- which you wo n't EVER be able to uninstall -RRB- . They will give you a 15-day trial , and then try to rip you off $ 40 bucks at the end of the trial period . It will shamelessly destroy your Windows Installer baseline package in the name of security while hideously removing the ability to install or uninstall any application including NAV.DO NOT INSTALL THIS SOFTWARE unless you are looking forwarding to formatting your c : , got it ?
 I 'm afraid time has passed this once-respected product by . On good days , it merely slows the operation of your computer down to a crawl and hogs space by creating tons of needless files * . On bad days , when the intruders -LRB- e-mail trojans , etc. -RRB- show up - they merely switch this useless , effete bloatware off and disable it - you 'll spend a great deal of time babysitting and taking care of Norton - uninstalling , reinstalling - usually several times , with Live Update disabled - instead of letting it take care of you.Countless times I 've watched it run a full system scan and then tell me that there were no problems , even while parts of the program -LRB- usually Live Update , sometimes the whole auto-protect -RRB- were disabled by intruders.Norton is the Barney Fife of desktop law enforcement , without the laughs . Even as I type this , it 's tied to a chair , gagged and struggling , while some malicious program ransacks my system . It 's actually more annoying than the countless viruses whose simpering bee-yotch it is . I 'm going to try out some of the suggestions below for alternatives . * I recently found a hidden Symantec file more than NINE GIGS in size , all needless , redundant garbage . I had to uninstall the program entirely in order to delete it .
 NAV used to be one of the best anti-virus packages out there . It 's disappointing to see just how bad it 's become . I get this free through the university that I work at , but I still uninstalled and paid money for a different package . Major problems include :1 -RRB- It 's a * hugh * resource hog . My computer was pretty much worthless for at least a minute after login due to NAV 's virus scanning .2 -RRB- Buggy . I had different problems with it on two different installs . One time , Windows had to keep killing off some `` missing virus definition '' process after logout . This happened even after doing Live Update . On another install , I had problems right clicking on any file or folder without NAV hanging .3 -RRB- Difficult to use . The control panel just left me scratching my head.Stay away from this , and go with Kasperski instead . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 Used Norton antivirus the last 3 years . getting product in tax software promotions . No problems until I installed 2007 6 days ago , when my system became really slow and then I was unable to access the internet . Since their customer service phone number is not in the User Guide but buried in their website , I was thankful my husband 's laptop was available . The first rep became exasperated when his scripted suggestions did not resolve my problem after 1.25 hours and tersely told me he was sending me an email file that would solve my problems . I had identified it was the Worm Protection causing the problem so I turned that off , accessed the file and ran it . My computer updated twice with no change - if the Worm Protection was on , I was n't going to be able to access the internet.Worked up my patience and called that evening , only to hold for 48 minutes . Finally got another native of India who spoke English worse than the first guy . At one point , we were waiting on a restart and I asked her a question about the computer being slower with the 2007 version and she responded , `` OK , yes '' . Long story short , I hung up an hour later with a link for an update to the 2007 product which I was assured would solve the problem and an email address for her manager . During these two calls , the software was uninstalled , reinstalled , and tested and I spent several hours using the online support . I updated the product and it worked for a couple hours . Then I was right back where I began , unable to access the internet unless I turned off the Worm Protection.I started the day with 360 days remaining on my subscription but once I updated , the protection center now says my subscription is expired . When I check my Norton account online , it shows I have almost a year remaining before expiration and all their tips to update the proection center have pathetically failed.Sent an email to the management address I was given , but of course , have n't heard anything . I am uninstalling this product and will never use Norton again .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , especially if you have an older Win XP machine . For some unknown reason this product has a `` feature '' that randomly seizes 40 to 90 % of CPU for several minutes at a time , doing ??? during which you ca n't do much of anything else . Seems like it should only full-scan when I request , e.g. 2 am , and otherwise just monitor ports , e-mail etc. . Plus the startup at login is ridiculously slow - be prepared to be crippled for the first couple of minutes after you login . As a final insult , it took about 25 mins to un-install .
 I can not stress enough how bad Symantec is !! This is by far one of the WORST software companies that exists today . The poorest customer service , and if you REALLY want a reason to go postal , try finding your way around their website.ALSO !! Symantec is far from the best at catching viruses . There are much better products out from McAfee , Trend Micro , and Sophos . Go find them and do n't waste your time here any longer !
 I 've a Norton user for many years . I ` upgraded ? ' from NAV 2005 . This product was a pain to install . I had to uninstall Zone Alarm , which is n't noted anywhere . I 've never had to do that before . The installation process required rebooting multiple times . In the past it had been an easy process . Not anymore ! I will not buy Norton in the future .
 I have had Norton Anti-Virus software in the past with little trouble , but this 2007 has got to be the worst I have ever had . To start of the Live Update would not work along with tech support . I sent 4 e-mails to tech support and four cures came back that did n't work . I called on the fifth round of trying to resolve the issue . You guess right , I was talking to India or some country in the area . The gal was had to understand and had no clue in how to fix the problem outside the box from scripting . I have sent a fax to corporate headquarters customer relation which I am sure will be forward on to some rag head that uses an American name who can barely speak English and no knowledge beyond scripting . Norton has lost my business for good . In few words , the software stinks and yes Jesse James is still alive and is called Symantec .
 too many pop-ups . CCAPP.EXE is still the bigger POC ever written . It hangs once or twice a week . LiveUpdate notice is a new feature that will give you pop-ups on your desktop about new products , new features , upgrades etc. . I guess too many people opt-out on email notices , so they decided to just put it on your desk top ... advertising about their products . It will also be in 2008 . I would rather take my chances with nothing , than ever use a Norton product ever again .
 1 . I did not know this was the old version when I purchased the software .2 . I made my purchase in September 2007 . The software key was previously registered on April 30 , 2007 so I could not register the subscription and it expires in April 2008 , not September .3 . I requested that the product be replaced with an unregistered product , which did not happen . Amazon did give me a full refund for the product .
 the product i recieved did not work and i ended up having to reboot my whole system . i lost everything i had stored on my computer .
 Virtually no tech support . I have 3 months left on my subscription and it completely shut down and told me to uninstall and reinstall . I have been unable to reinstall and 4 phone calls , with 2 being on hold for over an hour each and 2 emails later have been no help at all . Buyer beware !
 This is an ok product . But note that the subscription to keep the virus defininiton up to date will cost you about $ 30.00 per year . Just be aware . You ca n't suppress the message if you choose not to upgrade . I wo n't upgrade just for this reason and the cost is not reasonable for me .
 I 've had Norton Anti-virus since 2002 on my 2002 Dell machine which meets teh program requirements . Its gotten so slow as to be really annoying to use.It takes 30 + seconds to open a 2 page word document . When Norton is updating the virus file , the machine slows to a crawl , instead of downloading quietly -LRB- and a bit slower -RRB- in the back groundIts slowed the machine to such a great extent that we do n't use sleep mode anymore because when the machine is woken up it can take 10 minutes on a DSL to update.Its so slow that I am trying Kaspersky 6.0 . I do n't know if thats better or worse , but since I do n't go to `` dangerous '' sits or perfom lots of downloads its got to be better than teh current state.The way I look at it - with Norton Anti-Virus my machine functions 100 % of the time as if its being slowed by a virus . Anything is better
 Funny thing
 I could n't agree more with the majority of reviewers . I only wish I 'd had the foresight to read these reviews before purchasing my `` upgrade '' from NAV 2004 -- which was 100 times more efficient and hassle free.Norton 2007 was a nightmare to instal , but I eventually managed this . Then came the ordeal of seeing my PC virtually infected with a virus , it became so slow.Two most time-consuming and useless online `` technician '' chats could not help me - nor do I think they even comprehended my problem because they kept giving me obviously copied and pasted stock replies which made no sense at all ! They kept telling me to download the Tool Fix , which simply would not be downloaded , giving me error messages every time ! I began to wonder if I was chatting to a real person , or to a PC ?? In frustration , I asked to cancel my subscription and to be sent a refund . I am told that this will happen in 7 days -- let us wait and see.Never again will I buy Norton -- not a cheap program by any means , but it used to be a reputable one -- although I have successfully used Norton since 2002 without any problems . What has happened to Symantec ??? I believe that NOD32 is an excellent Anti virus program and will be using that instead .
 I bought this b/c I got the 2006 version as a gift & I needed to upgrade . I had to not only uninstall Anti-virus 2006 , I also had to unintstall the internet security ! Internet security was still up-to-date but to install the 2007 anti-virus I had to take it off my computer.What kind of company makes you take off their own products b/c one version is not compatible w/another ? Also the customer service is a nightmare . The email responses are not helpful , they take no responsibilty for product problems & you can not get a human being in customer service . You 'd think they were part of HP for all the problems you get trying to get helpDO NOT BUY
 I am outraged . After buying this product -LRB- full retail box -RRB- , only during instalation do I discover that it is not compatible with the ZoneAlarm firewall ; the 2006 Norton version did not have this limitation -- meaning Norton deliberately added it in to force users to buy the Norton firewall product . It 's unconscionable to make your software incompatible with your competitor 's products in other areas . It 's an outrageous business practice , and a ripoff . I will never buy another Norton product again . They should be ashamed .
 Be careful because this program does n't work on Windows 7 , 64-bit . The Product Features though claims it works with Windows 7 , 32-bit . '' * Windows 95 , 98 , Me , 2000 , XP , Vista , Win 7 -LRB- 32-bit -RRB- '' . but the System Requirements section does n't mention Windows 7 at all : '' * Platform
 Bought this to use on our iMac , turns out it is only compatible with the older classic mode OSX which has n't been supported by the latest versions of OSX Apple for a couple years . You can get it to work but have to get a 3rd party software to emulate the classic mode or dual boot to Windows . Compatibility with OSX should not be advertised with this product .
 I did not receive this product ???? / / / / / When will it arrive ?
 This game works fine if you use Windows 98 . If you are using Windows XP or 2000 , the game does not run at all . Very unhappy with game . No installation instructions or game instruction . Do n't waste your money .
 This 4-disc set installs each game on your PC , but then requires the proper game disc to be inserted for each game to be played ... useless on a MAME arcade setup like I have because one can not easily access the computer 's CD-ROM drive each time one wants to play.Software companies that $ sell $ me their software and then treat me like a thief by restricting my use of the programs do n't set well with me .
 I read the reviews that raved about this product but they were wrong . Pinball is about flippers , bumpers , and tactically nudging the table to get more play from the ball . It 's not about inceasent boggie music , disembodied voices making pithy comments , flashing scores and pictures at the top of the table that distracts play , and prezel-shaped channels that limit maneuvering . About one thing the reviewers were correct
 Over the last several years I have used 3D Home Architect to design offices and homes . The version being reviewed has deteriorated significantly from prior versions in functionality and features . It seems the company buys a new version of the software from 3rd parties and calls it `` 3D Home Architect '' resulting in absolutely no file compatibility with prior versions . I 'm pretty disappointed with the current version and would not have purchased it if I had known how bad the product is . Do n't waste your money !
 I guess I 'm one of the lucky ones , my disc was not blank -LRB- I did n't read the reviews first -RRB- , but it did n't help much because the first step before you can use the product is to register it , using the license code.Unfortunately , there is no license code anywhere to be found . Not on the box , not on the disc , nor on the website.There is no customer support to ask.Hence , the product is totally unusable . Thirty bucks down the toilet . -LSB- Edit February 10th -RSB-
 I too am among the many -LRB- sadly -RRB- who purchased the program . I agree with all the previous comments about shortfalls . I too had a problem with registration , but you would think adding a short note explaining the registration procedure with my order confirmation would save time and frustration . I have used several superior PC based architect programs and know quite a lot about design . This program is primitive , unintuitive and slow . The roof defaults to a set height , not connecting to walls . Adjustments to height had to be made with all objects . The `` object '' library is limited and until you experiment several hours ; hard to use . Rotating object is difficult and inside details are lacking . Selecting or changing material coverings/looks is challenging . The manual is of minimal help as well . $ 30 is n't a lot to spend , but it is a good deal to waste . If you own an Macintosh , consider using a PC based program first . Sorry , but since they are n't any I can find , Mac users are left out in the cold .
 I purchased this software after extensive research and trade reviews . I wanted to use it to design a basement finishing project . Although it draws wall lines ok , it is not very useful for depicting an electrical or plumbing plan . I had hoped to provide a useable plan to my contractor but am disappointed in the result . Also , the 3D view is very limited and almost useless . I am very disappointed in this product .
 It 's too bad you do n't have a minus scale to rate this product . Punch is the worst fraud in the pack . It is amazing that they are still allowed to sell this useless program . It is cartoonish and a waste of time and money . Broaderbund should be very careful about allowing other companies to use their name on these sorry programs . As a 10 year user of the 3DHA 4 program it is sad to see the name misrepresented .
 I 've used an older version of this software for years designing kitchens and bathrooms for my customers . New version will not open old files and this is NO improvement over version 1 through 8 . All the good old features that were easy to use are gone . I understand Encore might be owned by Microsoft , so you may need to take classes to learn to use the features ; no more using intuition to use the software . I downloaded the software for $ 39.00 from their website , then demanded and got my money back . Bought it from Amazon , wishing it would work better ... What a dreamer ;--LRB- Do n't buy it at any price . I may try to buy the old software so I can open my saved files .
 Received our first order . Software would not load . We run Windows XP , so it was not our system . Received a second order , software again would not load . Second disk also appeared to be blank . Would have liked to review the product , but the manufacturer did not bother to make sure disks actually contained software . Avoid this product .
 I was looking for a software to draw blueprints for additions and stuff . Nothing elaborate . This software is not worth the postage it took to mail it .
 I do n't exactly know how to rate this ... how do you rate something you ca n't even use ? All I got in the mail was a disc in an envelope . That was it . No registration code , booklet , box , or even case ! WTF Do n't buy anything from
 I used a version of this product in 2000 that was good enough to create plans my contractor used to do a gut reno . Not so this time . Having tried several of these software packages , I thought I could get to an accurate new floor plan , construct multiple 3D views and manipulate decor with relative ease -LRB- e.g. , in under 2 hours of trying -RRB- . Unfortunately , inexplicable and impassable roadblocks kept coming up , making this a poor choice . Too bad , because it seems so easy to make it , well , easier than Autocad .
 No I am unable to register the program due to it being a copy and no registration instructions were included . Therefore I could only use it free for 7 days . Did not do me any good .
 Definately an early attempt at the Putt-Putt series . Not as good as the later games , but o.k. if you are an avid fan .
 My son -LRB- 3 -RRB- loves the other PuttPutt games , but he did n't like this one because of the poor graphics and the fact that it has `` monsters '' . He was afraid of it .
 Putt Putt Goes to the MoonWe have almost every title that Humongous has made for Freddi the Fish , PJ Sam , and Putt Putt . This game must be one of the first because it plays like an antique . We have no problems with all the other games -LRB- one glitch on PJ Sam hopping to save Granny Apple -RRB- but this one is EXTREMELY jerky . My child ca n't even play it because it runs so bad . We have n't got Putt putt goes to the Zoo and now I am hesitant.It 's like comparing Steamboat Willy to Fantasia - that is how it plays . I say skip this one . I wish I had . We are on a Mac running in classic - since the games were first developed for Macs I expected it to run .
 My 3 yr old grand sone likes it but I have to set up the video resolution before it will work . All of these games seem to be written by different people and none are very professional .
 This is the heelball sequel to my favorite cdrom , Guitar Method 1 . It shares many songs with the original version ! Why would anyone want to buy the same information twice?I wish I could say what it does have is the worst part , but it is n't . This software does n't include the animated fret board . This is a moving picture that shows you exactly how to play a song . It was the reason I bought the cd I was stunned that the best feature from the first edition was omitted!Even so , there are new techniques to be learned here . Even so , their Blues or Guitar Songs offerings are probably better picks . Less expensive too !! s
 Great game , but do n't expect to run it in Windows XP using Windows 95 compatiblity mode . After installation , when attempting to run the program , an error `` The MIDI driver for your sound card could not be found '' appears and the only option allowed is to exit the program . My MIDI drivers are working fine , and dxdiag reports no errors . I 've tried three different MIDI emulators -LRB- Sound Blaster Audigy , Realtek , and Yamaha -RRB- and all of them result in the same message . And the documentation does not state anywhere that a MIDI device is even necessary . Apparently , others have the same problem as there are several web postings asking for help with the problem . Further , the web site listed for help and support no longer exists .
 I had used this prouduct before with our youngest child . It was fantastic they really enjoyed it . However the Co that prouduces it has never updated the software . So now you cant use it unless you have a old computer with even an even older operating system .
 I took a gamble in hopes that the program would run on my computer whiich has windows XP . It would not install completely , thus it did not run . My gamble , my loss !
 I have been a faithful GoBack customer for years , since it was an Adaptec product , and formerly would n't run a computer without it . It worked fine on XP for a while , but recently locked up my system and would not let me on . I thought I had lost everything , and some things like emails are gone forever , it seems . My computer guy was able to get me back up and running , but potential GoBack buyer be warned the near disaster I had is apparently a common problem when running GoBack on XP . GoBack and XP 's system restore are in direct conflict . Whatever you do , do n't confuse GoBack for a backup substitute .
 I thought it was as described ... . easy , however this software does no provide much and there 's this background music which sounds kind of cold . They basically spilt the lesson to three parts which does not follow with everybody 's pace . Try another software .
 I am sorry , but I have to differ from the other reviewers on this one . In the mid-eighties , Voyetra made one of the very first midi sequencing programs . It was called `` Sequencer Gold '' , it ran on DOS , and I started off with it . Voyetra was ahead of the pack in those early days.Since then , Voyetra took over an excellent soundcard manufacturer -LRB- Multisound -RRB- and changed their product line from pro-audio to consumer-level gaming soundcards . Voyetra also brought out Digital Orchestrator . This program is plain mediocre in my point of view - and not very stable . Furthermore , support is not very good.I much prefer Cakewalk . With Cakewalk you can `` paint '' in modulation , velocity changes , etc - a task which will take a long time in Digital Orchestrator . There are of course the big guns as well - programs like Cubase and Logic Audio . Because I am mainly into Digital Audio , these are overkill for me.If you are on a Windows PC and have medium level needs for MIDI , yet something reasonably sophisticated and with time-saving functions , I recommend you stick with Cakewalk . If you are a technology-challenged beginner with lots of patience and a small budget , then maybe buy Digital Orchestrator .
 I installed this on two different relatively new computers and it ran horribly on both - sound and video was very slow and choppy rendering the game unplayable and frustrating both my kids to no end . Both computers I tried it on were running windows XP and have no problems running any other gaming software . Save yourself some money and headaches and pass on this worthless garbage .
 Do not waste your money buying this product . Poorly written . Audio is by foreigner . Better off buying math books .
 They monitor your computer , even if you do n't want them to . They deactivated my program because my first computer died and then I put it on a second computer . They said some crap about being only able to use it on one computer . Never buy this or nything else from this company .
 We purchased a license for Spector Pro , and the software suddenly stopped working without warning after 2 years . The company demanded the same amount of money for another 2 years -LRB- no loyalty discount -RRB- . Nowhere in their advertising was it obvious or clear that this was a subscription , not a software purchase . When you buy most software -LRB- like Microsoft Office -RRB- , even if the company updates their software , you get to keep using your old version - which should work fine if you have n't changed anything on your PC.SpectorSoft , however , forces their customers to resubscribe no matter what , and can remotely and unilaterally disable your PC if you do n't -- regardless of the fact the customer has n't changed or installed anything different on their PC . The excuse this company seems to use is that the industry has changed -LRB- of course it has -RRB- , and thus the customer MUST upgrade -LRB- why ? -RRB- . The customer has no choice but to keep handing over money , in any arbitrary amount the company deems necessary , every two years without end.Avoid this company . They do n't treat you like you should be treated as a paying customer .
 Nowhere on the site does it say that this software is for one computer . I ordered this for 2 computers I have at home and installed it one both . 2 days later I got an email from the company stating that I was in violation of the licensing agreement -LRB- I might also suggest that nowhere does it say that Spector WOULD BE SPYING ON YOU ! -RRB- They knew I was running it on 2 different computers ! What else were they monitoring on my computers ? Obviously they did n't feel it was important to tell me that they would be monitoring me , so why would they feel it neccessary to tell me they were also montioring my personal files ? I am not a conspiracy theorist but it really bothered me that they were monitoring my computers . To add insult to injury , they offered to give me a `` Substantial '' discount to run it on the second computer . $ 10 whole dollars !!!! I ignored the email and 2 days later they had REMOTELY DISABLED MY SOFTWARE WITHOUT MY PERMISSION . We 're talking Big Brother stuff here . There are many programs out there that do this same thing -LRB- with a much easier and cleaner interface as well as cheaper , I might add . -RRB- Do you really want to order one that the company spies on you and does n't tell you unless you do something they do n't like ? Just chose a different monitoring software . You 'll be happy you did . I ordered a program online for literally half the cost of Spector Pro and love it -LRB- and I can run it on multiple computers . -RRB-
 Specor Soft is an Excellent company but the Spector Pro Vs. 6.0 Is OUT OF DATE.Not Supported any longer . Do n't waste your money.Buy the latest product from the manufacturer for another $ 10.00 dollars and you will have support with a software that is capable of dealing with the latest websites your trying to monitor or prevent .
 Do n't buy this product . It occasionally stops working for no apparent reason . You must re-install to fix it . And if you re-install it a few times the product key becomes corrupt . I called tech support many times and they cant fix it . They tell me to buy the upgrade . So I bought this product and it only worked for a few months . Do n't waste your money . Webwatcher is much better .
 I had purchased a previous version of this product and I find it works fairly well . My issue is that the product uninstalls itself therefore defeating its own purpose because all of the data that is supposed to be monitored is lost . I called the manufacturer about this and their answer was that I had n't purchased the subsequent updates . Well excuse me . I feel that since I purchased the product and additional licenses I should have the discretion of whether or not I choose to purchase updates . I therefore do not recommend this product due to the amount of important data I have lost and their failure to disclose this little detail .
 I purchase their another program EBLASTER last year for monitoring my kid.At the time of purchase it only indicates that ULTIMATE CUSTOMER CARE is valid for 1 year . So means after 1 year there is no customer care if you have any problem etc. . I also understand that if they do not upgrade program after 1 year.BUT , I have just received an email informing me all program will stop working if I dont buy it once more.I have contacted with their customer care officer as well . -LRB- named Gena -RRB- They definetly not accepting and asking me to pay once more.It is a cheater company . Beware do not buy this program.Note program records all of your keystorkes , who knows they may use your personal data after your program expire . Bank details , email passwords and many more important details.This company has to be prohibited for what they are doing right now with legal ways.If it is possible to rate them with `` 0 '' star I would rate themSTRONGLY RECOMMEND TO KEEP AWAY FROM SPECTORSOFT CORP. . PROGRAMS
 Question , I read all these complaints about the company and the software . Why does Amazon still let this company sell products through the Amazon Marketplace with so many angry customers ? Also , the product KeyGrabber USB KeyLogger 8MB Black is a piece of junk and does not work . If and when it does work , it does not capture the data from the keyboard that you need . Many online banking sites somehow block this device from capturing anything . I checked with my bank , I was told because of the way the site is coded , the device will not work . Since IE9 does not save my username and password either , everything on the market for this industry is dead . With so much technology out , it is really amazing the United States has no more people / programmers / developers / computer engineers with any brains left .
 Complete crap . I could never get it to record more than one side of facebook , chat or myspace activity . When I called for support they wanted me to pay an additional $ 30 on top of the $ 99 I spent for the program to make it work .
 Eblaster is the worst program out there , besides that it has flaws and is n't reliable , they keep sucking money out of their customers.every 2 years they disable the program and when you call they say you have to buy the latest version ! i asked i would like to keep using the one i have , they said you have to pay for support , but old versions are being disabled !
 I installed it on my 12 y.o son comp to control his acts , but when some got wrong = customer service was kinda fishy-u can smell it .
 Antispyware detects Spector Pro and announces that the computer is being monitored . Kind of defeats the purpose of its `` stealth mode ''
 My boss purchased this product for a business in November and installed it in December . It ran for approx . 3 months and then simply quit working . Attempts to re-install the product fail . The company 's response is that the Version we have is `` old '' and we need to upgrade to the latest version to `` guarantee proper operation '' at a cost of $ 65 . They made absolutely NO EFFORT to help get this product that we paid approx $ 80 for less than 6 months ago working - their only response has been a sales pitch for a new version . IMHO , THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS ! I have heard -LRB- but ca n't confirm -RRB- that they can disable the software remotely . Makes one wonder does n't it ? The nature of the failure - -LRB- a functioning version just stops working on a static system with no software changes what-so-ever -RRB- , and the complete lack of any support for us -LRB- or even apparent concern -RRB- from the company -LRB- other than a sales pitch for the latest version -RRB- seems `` fishy '' in my opinion . At any rate , the best case I can make for them given my experience is that this software has been unreliable and the company does n't seem to care . Therefore , I ca n't recommend this product or company and personally WILL NEVER USE THIS COMPANY AGAIN ... and it seems other people have similar stories to tell .
 I would be cautious in purchasing this software if you are a Firefox user . For two years in a row , I 've noticed that when you do n't purchase their latest version they disable your ability to use Firefox . This is well documented as a conflict that I believe is either a virus or malware that forces users to purchase their latest version . I would not recommend a software made a company that purposely disables my ability to use software on my PC .
 PURCHASED SOFTWARE FOR TWO COMPUTERS AFTER ONE YEAR BOTH PROGRAMS STOPPED WORKING , AFTER CONTACTING COMPANY THEY WANTED TO SELL ME SERVICE CONTRACT . STAY AWAY FROM THIS SOFTWARE THIS IS A RIPOFF , UNLESS YOU WANT TO PAY FOR PROGRAM AND YEARLY FEE AFTER THAT .
 I will not go into long drawn out detail . I was happy with Spector Pro . I purchased it for use on two home computers . It was great until it stopped working . I wanted to re download it from the email they sent when I purchased it . The download no longer works and the company wants me to buy it again . They will not send me the link for what I have already paid for .
 After researching a number of monitoring programs I decided on Spector Pro because it advertised being able to record many programs including My Space which my son spends about 90 % of his computer time on . So I shelled $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks and installed it on my son 's computer . 3 months later it stopped recording My Space activity . I contacted their tech support and they assured me an update was on it 's way . 6 months and a few more assurances later and still nothing . I recently called and spoke with their senior most tech person who told me there was nothing they could do because My Space made some programming changes that made the software stop recording . I 'm sorry but for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- per program , they should be able to hire some competent programmers to update the software , not just shrug it off and say Oh Well .
 Spector Pro wanted an additional $ 70 from me after I loaded Spector Pro on my daughter 's miniDell using my serial # from the CD I purchased for $ 80 from Amazon . They shut down my whole program including the original on my desktop . So if you plan on using the CD you purchase to load on more than one computer in your house plan on them pulling the system right out from under you unless you fork out the extra cash .
 Tried 3 times to install - each time it completely shut down my internet access . No options to set the security that I wanted - totally NOT user friendly !
 Picked it up to review for a Praxis test . Not a very informational program . Watched the videos for over an hour and did n't learn much . OK if total cost with shipping is $ 2 . Do n't bother if it is more .
 This is advertised as being compatible with Mac OS . It is not.Do not order if you have a Mac computer .
 I purchased this program to use on my windows 95 . It was advertised as for windows 95 , but when I received it , the program required windows 98 or higher .
 I hate this software ! I 'm upset that I wasted my money ! I ca n't believe this product is on the market . It is so lousy ... the scenery in the tanks is really , really ugly and very fake looking ... what 's up w/the moss covered bowling balls ? The fish keep freezing for 4 seconds or so . When I try to access the settings , feeding , etc , it stalls and twice i 've had to reboot . . i do n't have anything else that causes this . Do n't waste your money like i did . . fif
 I purchased 2 aquarium programs prior to the Aquazone purchase , so I know what `` realistic '' looks like , and I assure you , this program is anything but ! The plants are stationary , and do n't sway with the motion of the water ; the bubbles look like drawn circles , as opposed to my other programs , where the bubbles look like a real aerator ; the fish in this program swim , then freeze for a second , with no motion at all - then swim haltingly again ; the backgrounds are anything but convincing , and I recommend looking at other programs before wasting your money on this one .
 What can I say ? I just had to see this one . It was made by the Allume guys -- you know the inventors of StuffIt files . How could I go wrong ... By buying it . That 's how . On the positive side , you get a virtual aquarium , a lot of different kinds of fish , and a lot of different kinds of backgrounds . You even get to feed the little buggers with virtual fish food and can ` tap on the glass ' to ` interact with them . ` When I was looking for one of these screensavers , I really wanted a site that would show me a good comparison between these screensavers . But there was none.The major problem with Aquazone is REALISM . The movements of the fish are at times jerky but they are three dimensional . They are realistic , but still seem cartoonish . When they grab for the ` fish food ' they really look fake ... But this one really fails in the background department . The backgrounds are very poorly done and not at all realistic and are only sparingly three dimensional . What 's worse , the fish also make ` errors ' in the dimensionality of the tank and seem to swim over things that they should swim around . The Windows XP Plus fish screensaver is more realistic than this one ... All you need to know about virtual aquariums are four words -- SERENESCREEN MARINE AQUARIUM 2.0 . Those fish at times seem like they are alive . Their movement is natural . Their eyes move before they turn ! The aquarium is the most realistic one that I have seen and the fish are beautiful . There are no options for human/virtual fish interaction , but that does n't matter , but maybe they 'll add that later . Besides , it 's no fun interacting with fake-looking , poorly-swimming , cartoonish fish . Unlike the Allume/Aquazone people , the Serenescreen folks allow you to download a demo -- so if you do n't believe me you can see for yourself before you buy . And you will . I did . I just assumed that if they could do it the braintrust at Allume could do just as well or better . But it was not to be.Aquazone 's scope is just too small -- so I 'm gon na throw it back . But Serenescreen , it 's a keeper !
 This could be a nice little product except the graphics are not very good . The fish movements do not look very natural and they look a little like cartoon characters so you will probably be disappointed . Check out Marine Aquarium 2.0 instead .
 The quality of the animation reminds me of Terry Gilliam 's Monty Python cartoons . The edges of things are very distinct , which gives the background a flat , 2-D appearance . Unfortunately , the fish are not nearly as amusing as Monty Phyton .
 I purchased this to help my kids with their homework and schoolwork . I thought that it would have lessons setup according to grade level and would follow each child 's progress . These features are in Mavis Beacon Typing and Miracle Piano Teaching System . Unfortunately this program has neither feature . It lists all the topics with no associated grade level . It does not ask the child to select or enter a name , therefore there is no way to track progress . A child would not know what topic to pick when using this unattended . The math section has bugs . We could not go through all the multiplication lessons . About the only good thing is the narrated science topics . My kids find that interesting . But again , we have no way to know if they are at the right level . I do not recommend this .
 It was not easy to get to the directions on HOW to make the program work but I figured it out finally . The problem also that it goes very slow with few seconds of silence between each screen . you have to push NEXT but still the FORCED silence and lack of activity takes a toll on the interest in the program . I tried it once and stopped . I might try it again , maybe
 I am not very good on the computer but after I downloaded this Panda Antivirus I ca n't tell you how many items I lost on my computer . I thought it was better then Norton but I was so wrong . I now have to pay to have my computer fixed . Save your money . This item should not even be sold on Amazon it is so bad .
 The graphics are pretty dull and it was n't as exciting as I would have hoped . There just was n't as much to do as they claim .
 The problems with this program as well as all the others by H&R ; Block are too numerous to mention here , but take it from someone who learned the hard way , do n't waste your money on this product.I reported bugs in both the federal and state editions 3 years ago and they STILL have n't been corrected . One of which is the employer ID number allows for 14 characters but some employers have 15 or more . Another , if you go back and make a correction and forget to TELL the program to recalculate , everything that follows , including your taxs due or your refund amount will be incorrect . Is n't this what you pay for ? A program that ELIMINATES errors instead of creating them ? If you buy this product , DOUBLE CHECK EVERYTHING BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR RETURN .
 Next year I am going back to Turbo Tax . I have been doing my own tax returns for over 20 years now and have been using PC software to help for over 12 of those years.Tax Cut is clumsy and buggy compared to my earlier experiences with TurboTax . I 'm not going to go through a blow-by-blow of the problems with this program , but suffice to say that I think it is a hard to use program which makes the pain of tax time worse , not better . Back to TurboTax for me !
 I switched over to TaxCut from TurboTax because I hated TurboTax so much -LRB- buggy , spyware from TY2002 , etc. -RRB- . It looks like I like TaxCut even less . Either it forgot to ask me about property taxes , or I skipped it , but I forgot to enter them , and after filing electronically , I see no way to generate an amendment . I remember that TurboTax at least knows how to generate an amendment -LRB- though it can not be filed electronically -RRB- . Another thing I did n't like about TaxCut is that it imported some fields incorrectly . It created duplicates of some of my itemized deductions , and it incorrectly imported my children has non-dependents , even though they were clearly marked as dependents on last year 's form.Looks like I have to switch back . TurboTax is not perfect , but it looks like it does better than TaxCut . TurboTax claims that they can import TaxCut data . We 'll see .
 If you have been using another tax software to calculate your itemized / business depreciable items , then DO N'T switch to TaxCut ! I thought I could save a few bucks , but have already lost 8 hours of work and am back at square one . I will have to go buy my former product because importing the previous data is NOT complete -- none of the $ amounts for the 197 depreciable items were carried over , so I would have to go back to my paper reports from the past few years to start over again ! NO WAY ! There are other bugs in this software - even after I got all the `` updates '' installed ! For instance , I have ONE personal business , but this software repeatedly adds another 254 personal businesses ! The final error check reported 9999 errors ! There is no way to complete my filing like this . I 'm S.O.L. since I ca n't get a refund on this software and now have to pay for the other program . After being unemployed for 15 months , and my self-employment not profitable , I do n't have enough income this year to offset this loss , too .
 I installed the wrong state version but found out this only after I finished the federal portion . It would n't let me correct the state and CSR emailed back the next day saying I had to buy an on-line version for the correct state . But why should I pay again for something I already bought ??? $ $ $ seems to be the only thing they care about .
 I have been using TaxCut in the last few years and I liked it . It is cheap compared to to Turbo Tax . However , the 2004 version is filled with popup when it is running . My virus and spyware software are up-to-date and all other programs are running fine without any popup . May be it 's switching time .
 I have purchased Taxcut Deluxe and Taxcut State and applied for the rebate for the State program $ 19.99 -RRB- as advertised . I sent TaxCut all the required information , de codes , the sales receipt and some form I had to fill out.After 6 weeks I received it back in the original envelope with a letter from TaxCut stating that I had not sent them the sales receipt and codes . They only sent me back the form . They are obviously lying and they wo n't give me my refund . I suspect the whole rebate thing is a scam and consumer 's fraud.No more Taxcut for me . The program is not that great anyway .
 i uses taxcut for three years in row . this year it is very very bad . can not import last year data right . you enter data , it lose them.never use it again
 This is the last time I will use TaxCut . I bought TaxCut last year because TurboTax cost $ 10 more and had a lot of bells and whistles I did n't need . I did n't really have any problems with TaxCut last year . This year was a whole different story . It is harder to edit than TurboTax which is n't always easy . I could have done my Federal and State returns manually in far less time.Initially I wanted to import the data from last year 's TaxCut but somehow the file was missing and so was my backup copy . So I tried to import the data from 2002 TurboTax which TaxCut would not do . It had to be a 2003 return . That meant I had to reinvent the wheel and manually reenter all the information which was one reason I use a computer program for , to avoid that tedious repetition.The first real problem I ran into was when I ran the Final Review , it came up with an error message which prevented me from E-filing and the error message was vague giving no clues as to how to correct it . It involved an itemized deduction which did not make sense because I had n't itemized deductions . But in looking at the forms list of My Forms , a list of the forms that I had supposedly completed , there was a Schedule A . When I examined the Schedule A I found it had entries for property taxes , charitable contributions , and deductible interest . Where these items came from I do n't know because they did n't come from me . Then I tried to delete the Schedule A but I could n't until I deleted the charitable contributions worksheets . It took me some time to figure that out . Once I did that I was told I could file a 1040A form.Then I did the California State taxes which went smoothly until I tried to enter the estimated taxes I had paid to the State . There was no place under the State Interview to do that and if those payments were not entered I was faced with paying a penalty . I went to a live chat with TaxCut and was told they had to be entered on the Federal forms which I did and that corrected the problem . However , now I had a Schedule A with the Federal form and could not file a 1040A . Printing completed forms was wasteful . Many pages had no information on them . I wanted to print only the pages that had information on them and I want to duplex print them but when I hit the Print button it gave me no choices . It printed out every thing on one side of the paper.My biggest gripe however , was with the E-filing . I have an EFTPS service with the IRS which allows me just to type in my EFTPS Number which allows the IRS to deduct any payments from my bank . But TaxCut is not set up for this and makes the user go through a tedious process of entering and re-entering all the bank information not only on the Federal Return but also on the State return.Worst of all , TaxCut has the gall to charge for E-filing when both the IRS and the State do not . Earlier this year both TaxCut and TurboTax announced that they would no longer charge for E-filing but apparently that was phony.Lastly , when I wanted to calculate my estimated taxes , the process was tedious . TaxCut does not assume that your income will virtually the same and requires that the user fill in all the blanks instead of posting the figures and then allowing the user to change them if needed . And there was no interview in the State program for estimated taxes . I had a lot of trouble finding out how to do it and then when I printed out the forms , it printed one small quarterly form on a sheet rather than putting them all on one sheet of paper . No wonder we cut down so many trees .
 I 've used Turbo Tax in the past and the last two years I used Tax Cut ... cheaper and it seemed okay.My taxes are n't really complicated , but I like the value with the rebates and it 's nice and neat and backed-up my computer.I got Tax Cut Deluxe again and the state program for Wisconsin.I could not get my state paperwork printed without a big `` this is a draft only '' notice plastered across it . I finally contacted the online chat at Tax Cut and had to uninstall my Tax Cut programs and download the updates -LRB- that I thought I had already downloaded -RRB- and reloaded my Tax Cut software and do this and that to my computer which did fix -LRB- after alot of work -RRB- my State update problems so I could print out finalized forms but now my computer has four error messages on it everytime I start up into my Windows program ... never had that before . I was going to go back to the chat line about that mess when I found yet ANOTHER problem.I noticed earlier at one point that my final refund amounts on my federal changed while I was simply perusing my forms after I was finished and I got suspicious . I had n't changed any figures during this time . So I was ready to file my taxes and I picked up a hard copy of the federal 1040 instruction booklet.I compared my line 43 amount on the Tax Cut prepared form to what I would have manually filled in if I had done my own taxes using the 1040 booklet . The 1040 booklet amount is 24 dollars more -LRB- more taxes I should pay -RRB- than what tax cut calculated according to my adjusted income on line 42 . What the ? So I got back onto the chat service today and inquired as to why their calculations for line 43 were different than the amount on the tax tables in the booklet . I was baffled , not only were they different , but the amount that tax cut figured was n't listed anywhere in the tax tables that I could see.The service rep was n't very helpful ... I reminded him that the tax cut program , not I , had filled in line 43 on the federal form.He questioned the info that I had entered during my interview . I reminded him that the amount of tax on line 43 is calculated by whatever is on line 42 -LRB- a correct adjusted gross income , I checked it out -RRB- so it should n't matter how that number came about.He did some calculations on his end and using my taxable income , he got the correct tax as listed in the 1040 booklet , the amount that I was NOT getting on my tax cut calculations.The last comment he made was , `` I see what you mean '' and then I heard nothing more from him . I had n't been disconnected from what I could see , I kept inquiring as to what was going on , was he checking this out , was he still there , after four minutes of dead silence -LRB- and total forty minutes of being on line with him -RRB- I disconnected . I am very , very very unhappy about this poor service.I will NEVER buy this product again . I would have saved myself several hours or work if I had done this the old fashioned way.What a nightmare !
 And here 's why . . -- > I originally did an Itemized Deduction and since the Standard Deduction is higher , I chose Standard . On the forms , Itemized Deduction was printed . I went back to the screen and it still says Standard Deduction . -- > The software says that I have an underpayment on the first review . So I go back and do the review again -LRB- did n't change anything -RRB- . . and the underpayment warning went away . Now I 'm confused on whether I really have an underpayment . -- > I elected not to display my phone number on the forms and it 's still printed on the forms . -- > I have a long first name . The software wo n't allow you to put in more than 10 characters in the first name field . -- > The NJ state forms are printed with characters on top of each other and not readable . Since IRS will be scanning these forms , I am not sure how long I will have to wait for TaxCut to correct the format . -- > On the boxes where it display Refund or Owe amount for Fed and State , the amounts are so far off the screen that you ca n't even see it . Example
 A new addition to this year 's version -LRB- when filing electronically -RRB- , allows H&R ; Block 's bank -LRB- HSBC Bank -RRB- to check your social security number with other select banks to see if you have defaulted on any loans . If you are due for a refund , they will use the refund to pay off the debt and give you the balance . I did n't see any problem with this since I have not defaulted on anything in my life . However , Bank One advised HSBC that there was an overdue loan -LRB- from 1992 ! -RRB- with my social security number . Since the loan did not have my name or address , Bank One 's response was that it must be identity theft -LRB- I believe Bank One made a data entry error - God knows they probably ca n't locate the paperwork for a loan that 's 13 years old -RRB- . In order to prove the loan is not mine , I had to send Bank One my social security card , birth certificate , marriage certificate , tax return , and a letter from the Social Security Administration . I had to put out a fraud alert with the Social Security Administration and the 3 credit bureaus . In addition , I had to file a report with the Federal Trade Commission and the police . I am still waiting for Bank One to correct their records so I can get my refund back ! Next step - lawyer!If you must use Tax Cut - DO NOT FILE ELECTRONICALLY ! Print your return and mail it in !
 I 've been using TaxCut Deluxe since the 2002 tax year but 2004 will be my last TaxCut year . Next year , I 'm switching back to TurboTax.The 2004 version has lots of bugs and the software has several mistakes that will mess up your tax refund.When printing my state return -LRB- MN -RRB- the program sends an erroneous command to the printer that caused it to lock up after the first page . I had to get the Adobe version on the MN forms and fill them in by hand so they could be printed . Also , the software keeps asking you to update when you 've already updated and there 's no new update available . You have to select `` Update Later '' to get around this bug . Very annoying!This is also my first year e-filing , and it will be my last . I was lured into e-filing by the $ 15.95 e-filing rebate that TaxCut offered . But my rebate was denied because the rebate form only has 13 spaces for the DCN number and my DCN number has 15 characters . How convenient for them . They sent my rebate form back stating `` The DCN number that you submitted is incorrect '' . The rebate is a scam and I probably wo n't get the rebate back for my state edition either.If you 're thinking about buying TaxCut 2004 Deluxe , do n't do it . Get TurboTax instead . TaxCut is not worth the money or the grief .
 I have used Turbo Tax in the past -LRB- and will in the future -RRB- , but thought I would kill two birds with one stone by getting Microsoft Money with their offer.First , Tax Cut is n't as thorough -LRB- e.g. does n't prompt me to fill out form 8283 for Noncash Charitable Contributions even though I need to -RRB- or helpful -LRB- we live in state with no income tax so the calculation for sales tax is advantageous - they do n't have a link to the IRS website to the tables that I need to use -RRB- . More importantly , when I ran the final review , there are four errors that require software updates in order to be resolved . After several failed attempts to update , I went to their website , searched for a fix and , finding none , used the chat feature for support . The guy told me to download the update directly from their website -LRB- why they did n't have that anywhere on their FAQs or problem listings , I do n't know -RRB- , and contact them if I continue to have problems . Surprise - when I tried to install the update , I received an error message telling me that I do n't have Tax Cut installed on this computer . So I 'm back online with the chat folks hoping for a resolution.Let 's hope this goes better than my problems with DeductionPro -LRB- see my dismal review of that software for more info -RRB- . In that case , I wound up returning it for the Turbo Tax version -LRB- Its Deductible - which worked perfectly -RRB- . I may wind up ditching Tax Cut for Turbo Tax and starting over . ARG !
 I used this last year and found it to be a reasonably good tool . This year is another story . I have just returned it to Amazon . Here are some problems with it : - Buttons overlap on the screen - Amounts do not appear in their fields in their entirety . So a $ 5,000 amount may look like
 This is my third year of using Tax Cut . While it does get the job done for me , I continue to be amazed at the amateurish programming . Textboxes overlap labels , text is not formatted to fit on the form , controls are not aligned , and on and on . It appears this was a high school project for introduction to programming . While the input forms are laughable , somehow , the results have been correct and the IRS accepted the filing . TurboTax is obviously done by professional programmers but often has technical problems . The amazing thing is that these big companies can not create a decent tax program after many years of trying . I think if either of these companies started listening to customers , they would learn a great deal and might produce a much better product . The only recommendation I can give is to do your taxes by hand .
 What terrible customer service ! Here 's a brief description of what happened to me.TaxCut said the State of Maryland would deduct my taxes owed from my SAVINGS account - then , around the middle of MAY - I get a letter from the state saying they only deduct from CHECKING accounts - along with a fine and penalty . So , I look and that fact is on their web site ! Silly me - I trusted TaxCut . When I present this in a claim to the company they reply that it 's not a processing error or an arithmetic error , so my claim is denied . How odd . Even a simple man like me can see that , in fact that 's not even the issue ! It 's a FACTUAL error , an INFORMATIONAL error . DID ANYONE THERE BOTHER TO READ MY CLAIM ? Any company that treats its customers that way will certainly not get any more of my business .
 I have been using taxcut for 6 years . This year it dropped one of my deductions . The child was listed in the interview and appeared to be included , but was not submitted in the e-filing . This is pathetic . NEVER USE THIS PRODUCT .
 I do n't know if this is just a bad day but their servers fail when updating files and also when attempting to purchase the State program . You would think Feb 1 would n't be the worst day but it is failing each time I try . Not like doing taxes is n't stressfull enough , but HR Block is n't helping either .
 As others have said , there is a product update that will not allow you to file your taxes until sometime if February . If you do n't plan to file until then , no problem . Entering an uncomplicated return like mine was easy . I 've used this for the past few years with no problems , so I was a bit disappointed .
 This is my 5th year using Tax Cut . In the past I 've been very happy with it . This year however , the updater is just awful . This disc , as purchased , is n't close to being up to date . After several attempts to run `` update '' and not being able to do so because of an `` unexpected error '' , I went to their web site for a down load that took 2 hour and 45 minutes.Now that I 've run the updater the program is still saying I ca n't file untill I fix some items , items that I KNOW have been completed correctly !!! I just might return the product directly to H&H ; Block for a full refund and buy Turbo next year .
 I would have preferred this product to Turbo Tax . Since I am in the 10 % of the market that uses Macs , HR Block is ignoring my . So I 'm off to buy Turbo Tax . Maybe next year HR Block will consider those of us who buy the more expensive Mac systems .
 After further review , it seems that the program does , indeed , calculate the tax correctly , it is just very hard to follow it 's method until yuo print out dozens of pages of worksheets.This year 's version seems intent upon offering extra cost services at every opportunity , which I find annoying.It is very hard to see the tax form before you print it , which is also annoying.Otherwise , it 's a good choice . Importing data from prior years is simple and access to irs instructions is a plus .
 This years taxcut has major flaw in for 6251 -LRB- AMT -RRB- line 7 . It doubles the state tax refund deduction , and will cause you big trouble with IRS if you are subject to AMT.There are other issues with TaxCut too . My e-file was repeated rejected due to TaxCut mistakes -LRB- asking me to delete a form that was empty etc -RRB- . Customer service people are nice but clueless . Had to paper file.Also there is a 30 day limit on rebate for state . I preordered in Dec and opened in Feb after my w-2 arrived , and I could not qualify . The money back garantee is a joke .
 I made the sad mistake of switching to HR Block Tax Cut this year after using Turbo Tax for the past several years . WHAT A MISTAKE !!! Fortunately I have some accounting experience . The mistakes were rampant , examples
 We 've used TaxCut for the last five years -LRB- we file as married , filing jointly -RRB- and have been very happy with it . But this year , our return was rejected after e-filing because the IRS says `` Incorrect Spouse AGI '' for the electronic signature . We contacted TaxCut via online chat . We were told `` Well , this is caused by a processing error with your Electronic Signature . What you will need to do is e-file your return without using the Electronic Signature '' evne though we bought the software so we would be able to do a paperless filing and be done with it . After a halfway-cross-country move and in the process of renovating a house , we did n't want the hassle!We asked the online support person very specifically if this was a problem with TaxCut or the IRS . His response was `` As I said , it passed the H&R ; Block e-file servers , but it was rejected whwn it reached the IRS servers . '' That was it . No other response from him . We 're going to have to print and sign a paper form and send it out.Not the end of the world , certainly . But considering we bought the software to avoid the extra steps -- specifically to do an electronic filing without worrying about paperwork ? Not really helpful . We have since found out that this `` Spouse AGI '' thing was an issue in the 2002 edition of TaxCut as well.TaxCut Deluxe 2004 Edition . Downloaded from TaxCut site , January 2005 . Waited until end of February to start taxes as we knew there would be reasonable delays for updates .
 I love bargains ! So in the attempt to save $ 10 , I bought TaxCut instead of Turbo Tax . BIG mistake . I ended up doing my taxes by hand because it was easier and faster than using TaxCut . I found the TaxCut questions/prompts to be vague , sloppy -LRB- imprecise -RRB- , and confusing . As a Financial Analyst by profession , I 'm very comfortable with finance and numbers , and I think TaxCut is garbage compared to user-friendly Turbo Tax .
 Taxcut Deluxe gets the award for the worst experience I have had filling out Taxes . I have used previous versions of Turbotax and Taxcut and felt that these were comparable programs -- they did not always give the same results -- but after some tweaking you could figure out waht was going on.This year 's version of Taxcut has made me swear not to use their product again . First , I had trouble getting the rebates . OK , no big deal.Then I got a host of warnings when filling in the K-1 forms that turned out to be spurious -- they added stress.Where I had questions , the program was largely unresponsive . Several times , asking for IRS instructions brought up absolutely nothing . Instructions for Schedule C did not bring up business codes.I needed to file as non-resident in 1 state and resident in another . The program asks me if I would like to buy another state . The second state cost me an additional $ 25 -- I felt that this was high given that I had basically 1 item of income to report . Never mind , I thought , it is worth getting it for the convenience of electronic filing -LRB- another $ 15.95 , incidentally -RRB- . After I got through the entire process and got to e-filing the program would only let me e-file a single state return . After poking around I discovered from the help menu that TAXCUT can ONLY file ONE state return per federal return -- completely ridiculous -- a waste of time and money.I found that several people offer Excel based federal and state tax forms on the web . Next year I plan to retreat to that method , since at least you are clear on the formulae and other things being used by the program and there is an ability to directly consult IRS forms . I may also give the other tax programs a look
 1 . The software was not for the self-employed -LRB- deluxe -RRB- as suggested in their ads , the `` complete '' package -LRB- ... -RRB- more is not integrated with the original -LRB- advertized to be complete -RRB- product .2 . I purchased the software , but then - and only then - was I notified that it is n't usable , and wont be usable this month . All the forms are wrong -LRB- e.g. 1040 ! -RRB- 3 . The `` Complete '' product installs in a different area and doesnt update the `` Deluxe '' product , but the `` Deluxe '' product required me to buy the second product during the interview .4 . The forms for entering expences for self employment are more difficult than the forms from IRS !! 5 . There is no telephone support , and I apparently will have to complete a fraud report at my bank to get my money back.Ive used TurboTax in the past . `` TaxCut '' was a total waste .
 I have always filed using TurboTax and thought I 'd try this out . I spent 3 hours trying to get the K-1 form to function properly . I finally got it . I completed my entire tax return only to find out in the final check that TaxCut is incomplete and will not be complete until February . I can not file until this `` error '' is fixed and I update with new version . This product should not have been sold in the first place . Save your money , and more importantly , your time ... buy TurboTax
 Last year , a bug in TaxCut caused my W2 to be entered twice in an e-filed return . I did n't catch it . The result
 I 've been a happy TaxCut customer for the last 6 years and unforunately , 2004 will be my last TaxCut year . Next year , I will be switchting to TurboTax .2004 version has MANY bugs and the software has several mistakes that will lead you to lower tax refund !!! I had a capital loss carryover for the last few years -LRB- did n't do too well since the dot com age -RRB- ... Every previous year , TaxCut was able to read the previous year data file and import the capital loss carryover automatically , but this year it did n't happen . It was n't until e-file was done and I was printing my record copy when I realize the mistake . Funny thing is that if you look at the worksheet from last year , I clearly see the carryover amount , but the software did not recognize it !!! I tried to call support , but it was nearly non-existent and the rep was so rude . I recalulated the difference , TaxCut shorted my refund amount by nearly $ 600 . This year , the software also keep on asking you to update , but when there is no update availabe , if refuse to move on , you have to select `` Update Later '' to get around . Stupid bug!This is my first year e-filing , and it will be last !!! The software never mentioned about you have to wait 24 hours for IRS ' acceptance . Had I known that , I would of choose to print and file a papercopy . I was so looking foward to put away all my paperwork and records , but I could n't ; I had to wait more than 24 hours for acceptance before I can move on and do the state tax return . A planned one afternoon event turned out to be a 3 day event . It 's horrible !!! Take my advice , dont ' get TaxCut 2004 , go with TurboTax or one of other free online tax service . It 's not worth the money or hassle .
 If you are looking to file your taxes and get a refund in the next month , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! We bought this because it was cheaper than Turbotax ... I have always used Turbotax for our taxes -LRB- still love it more than this one for sure -RRB- but this year decided to save some money and see if Taxcut was equal . It is NOT ! `` You get what you pay for '' keeps ringing in my head . They should not be allowed to sell this software without telling you that most of the correct tax forms are not available for the product yet !!! We purchased it 2 weeks ago , did our taxes and discovered on screen that all of the forms would be updated around 01/16/05 . We 're talking 1040 and all of its schedules ... according to the list of forms that needed updating , it was ALL of them . Fine , no biggie ... but I went to try to finish our taxes yesterday and it popped up the warning during the review phase that the non-cash charitable contribution form would not be updated until mid February . Sorry , H&R Block/Taxcut ... I 'm doing my taxes at Taxact.com this year . Check it out BEFORE you purchase this box of useless software .
 After using Taxcut Deluxe software for 4 years , I was disappointed with the current 2004 version . The software showed an Error message for the Charitable Worksheet , simply because you are expected to wait until February to download an update ! It must be corrected before filing . So , I did more research and ended using TurboTax online free e-filing for my federal return and I paid the $ 19.95 fee to e-file my state return ; which is the method I plan to use next year . No more Taxcut software expense for me .
 When running the final error check the software threw up an error . The explanation was `` When we released Tax-Cut , Charitable Worksheet was not yet finalized . A program update containing the final form will be available by early February . Please update your program at that time , then come back to error check so we can review your return again ... You must fix this problem before filing . '' So much for an early refund .
 My mother worked for H&R ; Block for many years , so I have no personal problem with them.I have not used the 2004 , but I just quit working on the 2002 edition . I got halfway through my return -LRB- 20 hours work -RRB- and I finally quit . The numbers were incorrect , but I did not notice until the last few entries.I have rental properties and , even though I entered the information where it belonged , it somehow got transferred elsewhere . All of my real estate taxes got moved from where they belonged to form A. Entering the information directly onto the tax forms required me to override every single step -LRB- 3 mouse clicks , I think ? -RRB- . Also , I was not able to go to help and figure out what my standard mileage cost was , so it took me considerable time to go through their mileage dialogue boxes when all I wanted was standard mileage.I had used Turbo Tax in previous years and was not unhappy with them ; however , I had heard that Turbo Tax put spyware on the computer , and that it was difficult to install on more than one computer , so I decided to opt for a change . TaxCut was cheaper , and I figured there would really be no difference -LRB- I used Parson 's tax software years ago and liked them until they stopped making that program -RRB- . Anyway , at least for year 2002 , TaxCut is much worse than Turbo Tax and Parson 's old tax program . The big problem is , it puts information in the wrong place ; and I have been doing my own taxes for 20 years , so it is not a mistake which I am making.I downloaded TaxAct just a moment ago ; it is cheaper than either turbo tax or taxcut , and so far , it behaves just like it is supposed to . I have been entering some info by their prompts and other info directingly onto the tax forms , and , except for the fact that the auto-save requires me to hit the hardreturn every time , other than that , I really like TaxAct . It is functioning exactly how it is supposed to . Furthermore , I have entered in a couple of properties and printed it out , and everything is going where it belongs .
 I have used Turbo Tax in past years but liked the rebates offered with Tax Cut so I decided to try it . BAD idea ! The screen has many display issues . The print outs cut off text . The import of data duplicated many items . I will be going back to Turbo Tax next year and may even get it to finish out this year .
 Save your money and buy TurboTax . Bought a deluxe version and two copies of the state version to do a federal and two-state returns . Turns out second copy has to be bought on line . This is only apparent when you try to install the second copy . I have sent multiple requests to find out if there is alternative to buying a third copy . All the answers I have received are generic and do not reference the fact that I have already bought two state copies . Note
 I am using this program third year . This year , I find it as very slow running/responding . My OS system Windows XP SP2 , my computer processor
 Save yourself the hassle and do it on paper or for free online . Even though the software appears to include state tax info , youll have to download your state for an extra $ 24.95 . AVOID .
 First the shipping took awhile so long in fact that I used Turbotax.com just to get an idea of what to expect for a refund.then when tax cut finally got here it was junk , clunky not that great and came up with a lower refund than turbotax . do n't bother with tax cut and all the crap they try and get you install like earthlink . just go online use turbotax pay when you file or print not before .
 A very brief history
 This is the most worthless piece of fecal matter I have ever bought . Nothing functions well . It 's like reading a bad book . No interactive elements . Totally Sucks .
 I have a lot of Bible and related software , I mean a lot ! I am very studied and am a computer nut , so I am in a good position to review this software.I bought it , because it was the least expensive source I could find for for certain documents in it , but I the interface is not natural or friendly , hardly a joy to use . If this was my only software , it might be o.k. as I would have spent enough hours on it to be used to how it operates , and memorizes commands and procedures.If you have no need to be efficient , this might beo.k. , but it would not be my first choice , by any means . I have 5 Bible suites , and in my experience , you get what you pay for . I did not pay much for this .
 I had version 4 of this program on my XP computer and it worked wonderfully - will not install on Windows 7 Home Premium . So , I upgraded to version 6 - Again , will not install on Windows 7 Home Premium . Money down the drain as far as this computer is concerned .
 This product is actually a newer generation of one that I already had . But , I do n't remember reading that this productwas n't going to work well with my Vista 64-bit PC . So , instead of being able to install it where I needed it , I had togo install it over my older version on my old laptop with XP and 34 bit . I 'd like to say I am able to utilize all the allegedbells and whistles , but I do n't think I can . However , in it 's defense , it does give me a different selection of font sizeswhich are nice to change when ` editing ' Christian literature and having to look up verses . So , I have limited happiness aboutthe product since I still do n't have a version for my PC . The product did come ` pristine ' in unopened cellophane wrapper . And , was sent very quickly . No complaints there .
 TO begin it does not run in Windows 8 . So i cleaned up an PC to install it on . After installation I found that most of what I wanted was not on the CD it then directed you to spend an additional $ 49.95 to get other reference books . The word Ultra is very misleading .
 Account edge customer service is terrible , there had been a problem since day 1 with logging on to the program , and I could not get any answers ... The only answer customer service had was to call there tech line , which is $ 4.00 a minute ... I was promised calls back to remedy my situation ... never got any . I emailed the general manager with my concerns , and she never responded ... DISGUSTING !!!!! Buyer beware !!!!!
 However , this is the best multi-user small business accounting software available . Sadly , customer support is horrible and the company completely ignores its users.This Network edition is designed for peer-to-peer networking and despite the product advertising is * not * compatable within a client/server OS X environment . MYOB has conceded that there are no plans to include support for a client/server environment which limits the market for this product to only the smallest of small businesses.To reinstate the previous reviewer 's statement , customer support from this company is horrible .
 I bought account edge 2010 because it advertised that it could do my own payroll without enrolling for their payroll tax service . Ok , turns out after like 90 days the payroll expired , but I could still manually update tax tables so it would still do payroll . But then for 2011 it would n't let me update payroll tax rates in the tax tables , so I would have had to buy their upgrade AND payroll service!Not to mentioned very poorly designed user interface , it 's not intuitive and everything is really hard to find . Horrible support . Oh , and now that I 'm trying to do my 2011 taxes my accountant needs a certain report ran , but oh sorry since I closed out the 2011 fiscal year I 'm out of luck ca n't run that report . I do n't even want to know what that is going to cost me with my accountant!Not to mention that virtually no accountant uses this software!Do NOT NOT NOT buy this software ! It will be a big mistake !
 This product initially seemed very promising on booting up and my pre-schooler was quite excited . Well that was until the program kept locking up when playing several of the games -LRB- requiring us to kill the program using the Task Manager -RRB- . We have many software titles that work successfully on our computer but this one just does n't -LRB- in fact this is the first of 30 + software titles we have that has a problem -RRB- . It may be the case that the game ca n't play nice with certain anti-virus/spyware/firewall pages , issues with certain graphics cards , etc. but I would n't know because BrighterChild 's support page is useless . We bought this for $ 2 and we overpaid -- well at least until this software is patched or any semblance of a FAQ page is set up . Buyer Beware !
 Unable to install on macintosh OSX . Installer states that I do not have enough permissions and need to be logged in as administrator even when I AM logged in as administrator . Thus unable to run this on mac .
 Product was never delivered . No explanation was ever given by Seller . Simple as that . I would n't waste my time ordering again from this Seller .
 There are many great software programs for children and this is n't one of them . It is simply lame , my 4 year old was done with it in 15 minutes . Jumpstart World programs are definitely the best in the biz .
 Music overshadows narator . Graphics and games not near as advanced as they could be . I like useful learning interactive activities for kids and this does not fit any of those .
 We found that this software displays letters and numbers but the program does nothing to TEACH them.In the preschool CD , `` Ducky 's Leafdrop '' is the only remotely educational game . It has your child matching the number of leaves dropped to a written number on the back of a creature . However , it is difficult to move the leaves with the mouse to match them . Another game has little foot coasting through the water and needing to catch the letter in the water to match the one displayed on top of the screen . After each correct catch , the next letter much be caught . It misses an opportunity to teach by never saying the letter 's name.The `` bonus '' CD has script errors ; the preschool CD is done is 32 bit color and it wipes out my PC wallpaper so that after playing , it is completely white and I have to log off and on again to get my correct background . The kindergarten CD has no installation program so it does get added to your startup menu or create an icon.In the pinball game , the ball actually got `` stuck , '' the way it might on a real game but here we could n't shake the machine like you would at an arcade . We had to exit and start over . The program is n't fully functional in Windows XP
 We bought this game for our 41/2 year old since it had 3 discs for a variety of ages . It is horrible -- the graphics are terrible , Sera and the `` announcer '' for the game speak at the same time so the child ca n't tell who to listen to . With one of the games , where you had to sort out where creatures lived , you could click the shark into the water spot 4 times and it would n't take , then on the 5th try it would . Very frustrating . After breaking down in tears 3 times -LRB- That would be mother and child ! -RRB- , we decided to put this game away -- forever !
 A waste of time and money.Poorly animated.Not appropriate for the targeted age . Buttons to advance pages are not highlighted . It 's not clear when an activity ends or how to advance to the next page.The story writing activity is horrendous , incoherent , and filled with non-sequitors . The premade stories illustrate this perfectly.The pinball game is too hard and has no educational value.The card writing activity is too limited , and again not clear how to advance through the different steps . The shape matching activity is noisy , gives insufficient reward for completing the task and does n't indicate clearly when the child has completed all the tasks . The music activity is confusing , insufficiently interactive , although the music itself is high quality . Overall , this software has a few good ideas , but some are just plain bad and boring . It also suffers from poor execution and obviously insufficient play testing . The Jumpstart programs are a little better .
 Unless you have a high level of computer expertise and are willing to read through all of the MS `` help '' in the support areas ... skip this software for now.When used for turn by turn directions , the software frequently crashes . MS blamses in on bad printer drivers -LRB- huh ?? -RRB- that are installed via a network . I guess that makes sense to MS.I 'm still trying to take a trip without rebooting a couple times !
 I bought S&T ; 2002-5 . After installing 2005 , I immediately removed it and re-installed 2004 . Microsoft had removed the numerical `` set your speed '' controls with some useless slow/ave/fast sliders ??? Who felt that this step was an improvement . Map data in the 2005 was not improved either . Despite my personal submissions over 3 years of 12 seperate suggestions , none of the was implemented in S&T ; 2005 . When 2006 was issued , I bought it with the hope that I was buying an update ... Another disappointment !! I have a built in GPS NAV suystem in my car and a Garmin 3600 GPS in my wife 's car . All of the `` improvements '' seem to have been in adding bells & whistles to S&T ; 's GPS mapping features . While I can not speak personally as to how well this feature works , I have read other reviews here that seem to feel that it has many shortcomings as well . There are many smaller and better designed GPS NAV systems for cars that do not entail running my expensive -LRB- read easily stolen or damaged -RRB- laptop in my passenger seat . I can imagine that explaining to the police officer that you were distracted trying to read the screen and use the touchpad right before the accident is not going to gain you much sympathy.The numerical `` set your speed '' funtion has not been returned . The road data has n't been corrected in the Atlanta metro/suburban areas . The most obvious error is the failure to correct/update the `` Find Nearby Places '' data . It has more errors than an early Mets game.I will continue to plod along with the last decent version of S&T ; , -LRB- the 2004 edition -RRB- and will not buy another until it has positive consumer reviews .
 There are so many mistakes in this program , its not even funny . Use the map service from Google or Yahoo instead . You 'll be happy you did .
 Boy o boy I should of listened to the reviews -LRB- negative -RRB- of this product . First of all , I wasnt even able to test out the GPS system that came with the software . After I hooked the GPS into the usb port it did not even detect it . My computer is a new Dell E1705 and there is NOTHING wrong with my usb ports . I called customer service and after about an hour worth of useless trouble shooting , he told me I had the option to return the product since it comes with a 30 - day money back gurnatee -LRB- THANK GOD -RRB- . Microsoft A BILLION dollar company ? pft . They ca n't even come out with a GPS and atlas/roadmap Software that actually works . I guess its back to good ole mapquest.com . If you are planning to get the software trust me do n't . Just read all the customer reviews and you 'll be convinced that this product is not worth the money . Save the 100.00 and use it on gas forvyour next road trip . Pay 0.00 for mapquest ! Trust me you 'll thank me later !!!
 I bought this about a month back for a trip to New York and Niagara . This is the worst product I have ever used . I 'm a Sr. . Software Engineer by profession and I do n't understand how Microsoft can even release such a bad software in the market.Bottom line - you should never buy this software .
 I upgraded from 2003 . So far I have n't seen any inprovements , no new roads , no new POI 's only some old roads now in the wrong location , software locked up and had to be reinstalled , and now my GPS unit which worked with 2003 dose n't work
 1 -RRB- Amazon 's price is a little high . I bought this on a whim from a local big box store for $ 29.99.2 -RRB- This is almost totally worthless as a navigation tool for Pocket PC users . All this program really does on a PDA -LRB- with GPS -RRB- is show you where you 're at . You ca n't define a route and the zooming features are awful . Plus you must export the map for the area you plan on being from your PC each time you 're traveling somewhere.This may be fine for you if you 're a laptop user , but stay away if you 're looking for a PDA streets program .
 I was very disappointed by using this MS product . I think this has not been updated since years . Many addresses are not found . It can not communicate with my current GPS device and after few minutes '' GPS device not found '' is displayes . While my GPS utility can still see satellites and I can see data flowing.Voice prompt does not tell the name of street to turn but simply says in how many feet . In big cities where multiple highways start from one ramp , chances are to miss the right highway unless you memorize every turn before start or turn your head to look at the laptop screen which is very dangerous.Voice response is very slow and if you are driving little fast , you will miss street and will have to come back.Called customer service and they do n't have any solution for compatibility problem.In big cities like Chicago or New York very hard to get signal .
 i have just bought s & t 2006 only to find out that i will have to wait 1 year for map updates for new subdivisions that have been built approximately 2-3 months ago . as a courier , how am i supposed to find these locations .
 I 've used 2002 , 2004 , and now 2006 . All things considered , 2006 is merely a slight improvement over 2004 . I miss the feature from 2004 and 2002 that alllowed you to estimate your travel speed on various types of highways . Now you have a slider that defaults to ` average ' -LRB- whose average ? I do n't know -RRB- and you can tell the program you 'll be going faster -LRB- how much faster ? I do n't know -RRB- or slower . In 2004 , you could just tell it
 I am a longtime Streets and Trips user , having owned every version of the software since S&T ; 2002 . In 2003 I moved from Atlanta to Charlotte , NC ; while I can easily get from major point A to major point B without any kind of map , I still need some assistance with some of the more obscure addresses.I do n't use S&T ; as part of a GPS system , but I still require the maps to be as accurate as possible . To that end , S&T ; 2006 drops the ball ... and badly . The mapping data for the Charlotte area appears to be mostly unchanged from last year , which is really bad , given the area 's spectacular rate of growth and subsequent explosion of new subdivisions . My main beef is that S&T ; 2006 neglects a major perimeter interstate highway -LRB- I-485 -RRB- , which completed a new construction phase in late 2004 . 485 went from a `` quarter-circle '' from 12-3 o'clock -LRB- as seen from downtown -RRB- to a `` semi-circle '' that now runs from 12-6 o'clock and circles half the city of Charlotte . Because the new extension terminates near my home , I often use 485 for trips to south Charlotte and Pineville areas . However , S&T ; is now useless to me until the 2007 edition , which will hopefully update the map data.Another example
 Do NOT make the mistake that I did and buy this software expecting it to contain updated and reasonably recent -LRB- say , 2-years-old -RRB- maps and `` attraction '' -LRB- hotels , restaurants , etc. -RRB- data . In every instance I have checked so far , the maps are substantially more obsolete than they were in Streets & Trips 2004 . Example
 I bought MS Streets & Trips for use with my iPAQ pocket PC and a bluetooth GPS . Installation and startup went fine , found the GPS without problems and accurately pinpointed where I was . Then the disappointments started . The pocket PC version has no routing capability which makes it virtually useless . I even set up a route on my PC and downloaded it to my iPAQ . I selected the route and all it did was show me a very zoomed out view with the starting and ending locations and not even so much as a higlighted route between the two , which was present when I saved the route on my PC . Tracking where I am is nice , but it does nothing to help me get to where I want to go.Also I could only download maps for the Minneapolis/St . Paul area of Minnesota , no other Minnesota cities were listed.It also showed me as slightly off street whereas most other GPS/Mapping software will show you as on the nearest street , rather than driving down someone 's sidewalk or down the center median of a divided road .
 Its ok for a laptop , but for pocket pc -LRB- PDA -RRB- its just a waist ! Just shows you were you are ! I got Teletype and it works great ! Try that and maybe you will be more happy ! -LRB- 130 bucks -RRB- Peace and good travle !
 One of the most basic features of this program is broken . Specifically it does not always find its own best route between two locations . For example , I can ask it to route me from my house in the suburbs of Boston to a location in the White Mountains in Maine . It gives me a route with a drive time of 4 hours 2 minutes . I can then add a stop that is off the route , ask it to route again incorporating this stop , and now the total drive time is 3 hours and 30 minutes . Since this route is faster , the program should have found it in the first place . A half hour savings on a 4 hour trip is a big error.Further casting doubt on the routing is the fact that when I add the stop the suggested route changes downstream from a point that is common to both routes . There is no reason for that , either.This is a very serious flaw since it undermines confidence that any route is the right one . Conclusion
 I have been using Streets & Trips since 1999 . If you can get your hands on one of the 2003 thru 2005 versions , there 's NO reason to buy 2006 . I use this software in my business to print maps when I want a paper backup to my Garmin gps unit software waypoints . I travel a lot around our state and can say that Microsoft has done absolutely NOTHING to improve the accuracy of the maps data . Major highway extensions and private roadways that were completed as long as 4 years ago , still do not show up in the `` newer '' versions . This is totally bogus and a waste of your money . I have decided not to buy another S&T version until 2008 at the least . It is quite apparent that the MS S&T dev team has focused time on inadequate gps navigation improvements at the expense of acquiring more accurate map data . Buy an earlier outdated version or go somewhere else .
 I 've purchased the latest S&T for the last 4 maybe 5 years and have become somewhat dependent on it for accurate routing whenever I thought we needed directions . In the past , one attribute of the program always annoyed me , namely , the strange text directions . I still read them a couple times , print them , grab a yellow highlighter and select the text that made sense . Then I augment the directions with my own notes in the margin . I could never figure out why msoft needed 5 instructions to tell me to stay on the same route . If you 've ever used the product , you know what I mean . With this latest version , that problem/issue still persists but there 's something new
 Absolutely useless if you want to use it on your PDA/Cell phone.Doesn ' t have Voice ActivationCan Not do Driving DirectionsWith GPS , all you get is a map and here you are , but ca n't tell you how to get anywhere but where you are right now .
 I have substantial experience with both the Toyota and Honda in-car GPS systems and frankly feel somewhat lost in a car without one.First , the good . S&T ; has an extensive POI database that is considerably better than I have seen in an in-car system . I did , though , encounter entries that were years out of date . The altitude readings were very nice in the mountains . And it is quite fast.Bought this for a family trip from Minnesota to Colorado . My main needs were ones that I * thought * were pretty basic
 Ok , I 'm not an anti-Microsoft Nazi at all . I love most of their products . However , I `` upgraded '' to Pocket S&T 2006 from my Pharos Ostia software because PS&T has all the cool extra info in their maps such as ATMs , gas stations , etc. . I was so disappointed to find that Microsoft still has not issued a fully functioning routing package . S&T 2006 is , like the previous versions just a cool way to see where you are . Getting to where you want to go using PS&T is freakin ' impossible if your destination is more than a few turns away . When will they figure out , like all the other routing softwares for PPC users , that we need more than just a map , we need an application that will give us directions to our destinations . Ok , to be fair to those who travel with their laptops on the passenger seat , this program is great ... hence , 2 obligatory stars . I 'm speaking for the PPC users . Until Microsoft gets PS&T to the level of the competition , try Ostia . It works great .
 I was extremely disappointed to discover that these are not full applications but demos . I can find demos free on the Internet . There is no reason to pay for them .
 I would give this software no stars if I could!This program came on my iMac in 2003 and was an awesome product . However after paying for the 2004 edition I found that updates are no longer available . That means that no articles from 2004 are available to me . I used the given e-mail address to inquire about this problem , only to be told that this was only a temporary situation . Today I clicked on the link to contact World Book , and it no longer works . I would ask for my money back , but there does n't seem to be any way to get in touch with the company . The part of this that I find hard to believe is that this product is still for sale.CUSTOMER BEWARE is all that I can say at this point .
 First off , I ca n't even register it because the domain does n't exist in the first place ! second , i ca n't run the atlas because it says the sound devices were installed incorrectly , now who 's fault is that ? I did n't install it , it installed automatically ! The articles are a little too brief too , and the encyclopedia has a hard time connecting to my cable modem to get on the internet . These are not things i would expect from a professional encyclopedia . If i could do it again i would pay the extra 10 $ and get the encarta .
 I got this as part of my kids ' curriculum for this year . Whilst the articles about the different countries are good and informative , the link to update the information is obselete . The maps are quite good , but I can not get a close-up version of any map , so when the kids are to find a particular island that is smaller than say , 200 miles wide , it will be invisible . Like I said in the title , it 's a little better than OK .
 I tried installing this software . It installed . But when I tried to run the application , it gave an error message about sound installation and quit running . What an useless software .
 This is not so good . only if someone offers it for free , get it ... else not worth the money its asking for .
 It 's amazing to think that anyone would buy this program when it can be downloaded from the Microsoft site for free . If you need a CD , then order Microsoft 's book , `` Build a Program Now ! , Microsoft Visual Basic 2005 Express Edition '' by Patrice Pelland for about a third of the price . The CD comes with the complete program.The two stars are for sticking it to the consumer and does not reflect on VB Express itself . The program is quite good and an excellent way to get started with programming -- especially with the `` Build a Program Now ! '' book .
 The product was shipped with the correct book , but with a disk containing the wrong information . I contacted Microsoft , but received an unacceptable response . I was instructed to contact Amazon . However , since the package was sealed and the disk label said Visual Basic , I thought it was ridiculous to assume that Amazon had done anything wrong . After several unproductive exchanges with the Microsoft complaint department , I gave up and downloaded the necessary files from the internet . My service from Amazon was very good . My service from microsoft was unacceptable .
 My package did not contain VB 2005 . It contained Visual Web Developer.Microsoft subsequently sent me the VB 2005 CD.VB 2005 will NOT import my VB 6.0 project file . Will have to re-write the program in VB 2005 . Very disappointed .
 I ordered this product in Dec. of 2005 . When I finally received it it came with the correct booklet and 3 correctly labeled install cds but the wrong program on the cd . Instead , I received Visual Web 2005 . I have had no luck in receiving a refund . Very unhappy !!!
 I got this product and it did not work on my computer .
 After attempting to landscape my house using a photo I 'd taken and images from a google image search , I figured there had to be an easier way . So , I purchased Instant Landscaping . `` From hedges to hot tubs , '' the packaging claims , it 's `` the perfect way to customize your lot before you reach for the tools ! '' It lies ! You know what was a more perfect way to customize my lot than this waste of ten bucks ? Using google image search . Because USING GOOGLE NETTED ME MORE AND BETTER QUALITY LANDSCAPING IMAGES THAN THIS SOFTWARE HAS . Seriously.The images the software has are nothing more than cut-outs from other peoples ' homes . For example , a rock wall with jagged edges where bushes have been edited out and a fence with , obviously , a HILL cut out of the bottom of it are included in the lousy image database . The images are not scaled relative to each other , so a tree an inch high complements a shrub five times larger . Scaling the tree does not result in a bigger version of the tree , just a pixelated mess because the image is so small . So , I uploaded a picture of my backyard and the tree in the software was about the size of my front steps while a shrub was normal-sized . Then there are silly categories like pets and people . This way you can put your pet dolphin in your garden -LRB- there are only two dogs available -- a sheep dog and a dachshund -RRB- to make it more realistic ! Ridiculous . The people category includes a child playing with a puppy -- a child that , relative to your tree , is going to be about forty feet tall when sitting . Oh , and do n't forget the `` shapes '' category , for that fifty-foot tall '' # 1 Dad Wooden Picture Frame '' I know we all aspire to have in our yards.All in all , this software was a waste of money . I accomplished better results working with images found in a google image search -- and those were better quality images to boot.This software gets one star , and that 's not because zero is n't available , but because it certainly is user-friendly . Someone unfamiliar with technology would be able to figure out how to drag and drop images ... but they 'd be able to figure out how to type in `` large tree '' into google image search a lot quicker.Woooooooosh.That 's the sound of ten dollars blowing out the window . I heard it while I was buying this software but thought it was just a breeze . In retrospect , there was no wind that day and the door was closed.Oh , well .
 This item was not what I expected . The Instant Stitch Express items that are advertised everywhere else have 4 disks and this only came with two disks . Maybe that is why it was so inexpensive . It was also difficult initially to start-up on my computer but I finally got it running . I have n't used it yet however so ca n't comment on how well the software works in creating a garment .
 It would be difficult to overstate how disappointed I am in this product . I found it to be complicated and confusing to set up , with very little explanation as to what the different options are . Moreover , it seems to want me to backup to removable media , as opposed to another hard disk , and with the size of hard disks these days , that would mean it changing a lot of CDs or DVDs , and I would see it as a somewhat obsolete stance . For example , it will not allow me to backup to another hard disk to set up an automatic disaster recovery . It will allow me to backup to an external hard disk for scheduled backups , but when I try to do incremental backup , the resulting file gets smaller and smaller because I do not think it is saving my initial full backup . I am fairly computer literate , and usually have no trouble setting up software , so I have some real unhappiness with this particular interface . I spoke with some IT pros , unfortunately after I bought this and registered it , and they strongly recommended Acronis , which is probably what I will go ahead and buy now and write this off to loss .
 I purchased the item based on the description of the product capabilities . I wanted to back up my C drive on a scheduled basis to an external hard drive . The first problem was that the `` Backup Wizard '' will not let you specify a hard drive as the backup target for a scheduled backup . I have learned -LRB- from the online user forum -RRB- that you have to use the `` Tools '' menu for this . Next , to schedule regular backups requires setting a user/password combination , which should be simple enough . However , not with this program , no matter what I have tried in setting up a user/password , as I go on to the next screen , it keeps sending me back to establish a user password . The help text in the program or online did not resolve my issue . There is no phone number for Technical Support . I called the Roxio Sales phone number , which referred me to webchat -LRB- as an alternative to telephone technical support at $ 35 -RRB- . The response cycle for the webchat was so slow that the technician disconnected me the two times I tried it.Overall , an extremely frustrating experience and a waste of time and money .
 I ordered this 2 disc set and am thoroughly disatisfied with it.The entire set focuses on travel only/for example
 it 's slightly helpful and sometimes entertaining.This is NOT a `` course '' in French . It is a collection of five individual programs that are not related in any way . -LRB- Each CD has something different . -RRB- And while it can teach you some French words , it will NOT teach you to speak French ; that 's a very different thing . If you want to learn French , check out French in Action . Yes , it can be expensive , but if you 're persistent , you can find ways to cut costs . For instance , the videos can be found on some PBS stations and online from the publisher at no cost.If you 're learning French from an actual course , you can find some things in this package that you might benefit from , but it 's severely limited . For instance , there is the talking dictionary . Sounds pretty cool for learning pronunciation , but the number of words in the dictionary is soooo limited ; every word that I 've looked up to check the pronunciation was n't there ! Another thing that can be helpful is a little routine where the program says a word , then you can record yourself saying it , and play it back to see how you sound . Just be aware that you have no input from the software as to whether or not you 're saying it correctly.A perfect illustration of the lack of care that was put into this package
 has bugs that prevent the s/w from functioning . Program stuck at the beginning of the program . Do n't waste your time and money .
 I 've been writing an OpenGL engine for a while now , and decided to make the step up from VC6 to . net in order to continue development . I was already quite adjusted to the interface since I 'd been using it for about 6 months where I was previously employed . That said , I 'm not a fan of the new interface , having spent so much time adjusting myself to VC5/6 . I 've got quite a few pet peeves with it -LRB- like alt + F7 no longer bringing up project settings even with the VC6 keyboard layout -RRB- , but that is not my main problem with the product ... -LRB- obviously , or I would not have ordered it anyway -RRB- Once it arrived , I decided to do some benchmarking to compare performance of builds between VC6 and vc.net . I made a build of my engine to arbitrarily do 500 box-triangle collisions against level geometry per frame , figuring that would be a good way of averaging things out since it 's completely cpu-based -LRB- and largely dependant on compiler optimizations -RRB- . I was a bit shocked by the results . My VC6 build maintained a consant 40 + FPS on my p3 1ghz , while using the exact same code and assets , the vc.net build stayed at around 15-20fps . I fiddled with the project settings for a while , but concluded this speed loss was due the lack of compiler optimizations in vc.net standard . Which means there is n't a darn thing I can do about it . Oh , and no , I did n't do something silly like test a release build against a debug build . I made sure the project settings for each build were as similar as possible.So , in conclusion , I 've got no choice but to keep using vc6 , and this was a great waste of 100 dollars . My advice is , if performance matters to you at all , do n't buy this product . I was expecting to see some amount of performance loss due to the lack of `` compiler optimizations '' , but this is completely absurd . The loss of performance makes this product completely unusable as a serious development platform . For serious development , you really have no choice but to go for a higher-priced development suite . Otherwise if you just want to fool around and performance is n't an issue , you might as well be using one of the many free compiler/IDE sets out there instead of blowing 100 dollars .
 While users new to C++ might be enchanted with Visual C++ . NET , those of us who have been programming with VC + + for years will be disgusted . Visual C++ has been relegated to a the same tier held by FoxBASE . All of the new . NET examples are in C# or VB.Thankfully , I downloaded the evaluation copy , and did n't purchase the non-refundable software.The first thing I noticed was that the Visual Studio IDE has been entirely rewritten.The Visual Studio C++ class wizard is gone . Yes . Gone . You will have to spend time -LRB- and a large amount of it -RRB- to relearn how to add events , message handlers , and otherwise get up to speed with the VB-ish property window.Granted , this version does have better ANSI standards compliance , better support for templates , and some optimizations.If you only need to write native C++ code , pass on this product .
 Absolute and total crap . Try and compile any of your programs with and you will see the following error : D4029
 The blurb above touts an optimizing compiler . The product box does too . When you get to using it you find that the first line in the build log states `` This edition of Visual C++ does not support the optimizing compiler . '' When you try to set the project propety for optimization you find it greyed out and unavailable . So much for truth .
 Just a note to those thinking about replacing std compiler with the one coming from free Visual C++ Toolkit 2003 ... It 's most likely NOT ok to build commercial apps with it . This is an excerpt from MS 's EULA of C++ Toolkit : `` 1.1 General License Grant . Microsoft grants to you as an individual , a personal , nonexclusive license to make and use copies of the Software -LRB- i -RRB- for your internal use ; -LRB- ii -RRB- for designing , developing , testing and demonstrating your software product -LRB- s -RRB- ; and -LRB- iii -RRB- for evaluation of the Software `` For demonstration , not for sale . Well , afterall Toolkit is a free product.If there was VC + + Professional edition , I 'd swollow the fact that VC C++ Standard is useless . But there is n't and I 'm forced to pay for the whole VStudio , that I will strip down to bare VC + + ... BTW , it 's less of a problem today , but instead of this mean & lean VC6 we got a sluggish and fat IDE , devoid of an old good code wizards -LRB- properties to the rescue , but they are not that convenient ! -RRB- . Oh , and there 's also comming new ` Express ' edition of C++ . That one on the other hand will have no resources editor , nor MFC & ATL libs.Thank you Microsoft !
 I got the free evaluation of Visual Studio . net 2003 and could n't believe how much the product has gone downhill in the last few versions . Microsoft is definately in the business of bloatware ! The program hogs up about 4GB on your harddrive , reconfiguring and corrupting your whole operating system so nothing works well ever again.Nevertheless , I kept trying to work with . net . I 've been programming C++ for Windows for a long time . I was expecting new features to help me make better programs , but found just the opposite to be true . After doing a lot of reading and banging my head against the wall , I finally realized that the only new features . net has to offer are :1 -RRB- A giant overhead of automatic functions -LRB- `` managed C++ '' -RRB- that slow down the performance and increase the size of programs you make , but they allow sloppy Microsoft programmers to slap together messy code that does n't crash as much . -LRB- I for one do n't write programs that crash , because I can manage my own memory , thank you very much ! -RRB- You are forced into proprietary language syntax , a total departure from standard C++ , so that your eventual switch to Linux or whatever else will be difficult or impossible -LRB- hopes Microsoft -RRB- .2 -RRB- Support for using multiple programming langauges in projects -LRB- forcing you to learn thousands of things from all the other inferior languages that you never wanted to mess with , just so you can make a simple program that shows a dialog box on the screen , for example -RRB- .3 -RRB- A big push to develop `` software as a service '' , with a plethora of difficult and cumbersome new tools that you are forced to use in order to build software that only works with an internet connection , helping Microsoft obtain world domination at last.Because these features attempt to take me in a different direction than I want to go , I 'm looking to use something else . I encourage you to do the same .
 You can download this product for free , including the 2005 edition . Despite this fact the VC ++.net compiles code that is about 1000 times slower than their visual studio compiler , even after optimizations are turned on -LRB- g1-g7 . cpp -RRB- . Even funnier is the fact that when I turn on SSE2 optimizations on their visual studio product , their floating point code test sample -LRB- gl-g7 . cpp -RRB- runs slower on my Pentium 4 2.4 GHz machine -LRB- SSE2 enabled -RRB- than with the optimizations turned off . Nice advertisement for their optimizing compiler eh ?
 I was going to buy a game dev SDK and it required VC + + 2003 . Thanks to these reviews I will forget the whole thing and use Dev C++ which is free -LRB- and I already use -RRB- and use open source game components like Ogre .
 After starting out learning on Bloodshed Development 's free C++ development suite , I bought Microsoft C++ . NET in hopes of finding it easier to understand . Now I am totally confused!The resources -LRB- wall charts -RRB- included with the software look pretty when tacked on the wall of my workroom , but they have done little to help me create any useful applications.If you are new to working with C++ -LRB- or programming in general -RRB- you will find that Microsoft increases the learning curve dramatically with this product . Find something less complex .
 It 's not terrible , but you can get all the same information online easily ... if you like to own hard copys its alright but otherwise I 'd say save your money and get something like Rosetta .
 All the books I have read on learning VB.NET assume that you really have Visual Studio . NET installed . I keep running into roadblocks on projects I want to try that the standard edition wo n't support . Very frustrating . I checked out their website before I bought . I wo n't go so far as to say `` deceptive '' , because when I went back and really dug I was able to find documentation on the differences between editions , but they really make it hard to figure out that the standard edition is so limited . I hope they enjoy my $ 100 , because I sure have n't enjoyed this .
 Microsoft has once again succeeded in making a fairly uncomplicated programming enviroment , COMPLICATED . That is not , however , my problem with VB . NET , because after all , if you read up , you will quickly adjust to the platform . My problem is that if you do n't buy Visual Studio , you will simply not have the tools to build advanced applications . As usual , if you want a robust MS product , get ready to shell out a weeks worth of pay .
 Although this package is cheap , you 'll be severely limited . I highly recomend buying the full blown VS.NET package , you 'll be glad you did .
 Product was incomplete , disc missing . Shipping was a night mare , requested overnight recived 7 days later . Amozon could not help me because they had absolutly no information on the third party I purchased the software from . Buyer beware - do not purchase anything from Amazon from a third party .
 I talked to a Microsoft Rep on the phone and explained my background and that I had no programming experience and he said I should have no problem with this program . Guess what - this program is not for anyone who does n't have a programming background . If you 've never taken a programming course - DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE . The Microsoft Rep. also told me when I have questions to go to forums and ask questions - I tried that and was told several times to leave the programming to programmers and `` that 's why they pay us money , because programming takes many years to learn '' and I 've found they are probably right . So do n't listen to Microsoft - they are just looking to make another sale . This is probably a 5 star item if you are a programmer . If you are not - it makes a decent coaster to set your drink on .
 We were unable to locate or open the example programs .
 Dont waste your $ $ $ $ . I could n't even create a class library . I cant imagine using this to develop anything .
 I really was looking forward to installing this program , but it just did not work.if you have windows xp or higher , do n't bother .
 I adress to you because I send this item to a hotel in Miami where I spent 2 days on the date the delivery should have been made , but it did n't arrive on the 21st nor the 22nd . of January as you said . And still today it has n't arrived so I wonder what have happened with my order.Will you please check that it has been sent to the proper adress.Thank you very much .
 Nero makes beautiful CDs and the few times I could get it to make a dvd the results were ok . Unfortunately , I 've only gotten Nero to make about 3 movie dvds and 5 data dvds in the 6 weeks that I 've had it . I 've lost about 75 DVD-R disks trying to back up my data.Apparently Nero has a bug that makes it hang or freeze when writing DVDs . More astonishingly , this is a problem that is well known to almost all Nero users . I have spoken to almost 150 people in the past 6 weeks , and they all agree that Nero has almost no functionality for making DVDs . I wish someone had told me that when I bought it , because I 've returned 5 DVD burners to the store thinking that the hardware was defective.The worst part is that since Nero has cornered the market , few programs have tried to duplicate the features of Nero , so I 'm still searching for a piece of software that will make my DVD burner do what it 's supposed to do.Thank you Nero , you 've made a $ 150 dvd burner nearly useless !
 READ ALL THIS PLEASE - Also here 's a link for more of what you can expect -LRB- http://club.cdfreaks.com/lite/f-48.html -RRB- NEW or POTENTIAL BUYERS BEWARE!Included is a copy of the `` E '' I sent to the Nero sales dept today after finally getting to talk to a tech about my problem with Nero freezing while trying to burn an . avi video file . -LRB- program always stops responding at about 60 % -RRB- My motherboard , my bios , processor , sound and video cards are all new and up to date with plenty of memory etc. . Also you should know that to talk to a tech you are required to give your credit card information 1st and the cost to talk to someone is ? $ 1.29 a minute ! Regardless of the outcome . You should also know that the `` fix '' the tech suggested was a 3rd party freeware software program used to reformat the video file that adds 1-2 hours before recording and is not Windows XP compatible . He was very rude , talked over me and when I tried to suggest more was wrong with the software -LRB- software did n't recognize the DVD-RW as 4 + gigs , but instead read it at 700Mb -RRB- He cut me off in the middle of a sentence and put me back on hold - where I had been for 45min . prior !!! So this is what I wrote to the sales dept. - NEW or POTENTIAL BUYERS BEWARE!After hours of trying to get thru to the Ahead Software Tech staff and giving pre-authorized funds with my credit card to do so , I found the tech very un-helpful with his advice and rudely speaking over me ending with being put back on hold right in the middle a of sentence ? I never raised my voice to him nor did I try to speak over him while he spoke over me . I find it hard to believe that a software company as large as Ahead/Nero has absolutely no control over their employees and leaves no recourse for the consumer -LRB- the people that help put them where they are today -RRB- such as a link and/or phone number to report such incidences . I have immediately put a dispute in for charges I may incur and would never consider paying for a representative of a company like Ahead/Nero to treat their customers in such a manner . I 'm sending this `` E '' in trust that it makes it to the right desk and expect I get a reply in a timely manner.P.S . - If anyone else has had simular problems I would love to hear about them as I am not done with them yet . I plan to take this as far as need be to have something changed !
 I tried to install the software on my PC -LRB- a Dell that is only 2 months old -RRB- . The disc just spun away in my DVD drive and hung my machine . Thinking it was a bad CD , I returned it to the store and received another disk . Same problem . I sent TWO emails to their technical support folks over a week ago . I 'm still waiting for a response . Tired of waiting for these guys to get their act together , I took the software back to the store and exchanged it for Roxio . Roxio installed without a hitch and works perfectly . If I could rate this product 0 stars I would . Stay away from Nero !
 This is an awful product . I have wasted countless hours -LRB- not to mention spindles of blank media -RRB- trying to get the most basic tasks accomplished . Burning DVD-Video is a joke . I have only got this function to work a couple of times , and even then it never happened without several attempts . The program would fail to recognize certain video files , or burn to anything up to 98 % completion before declaring an error message , or more-often-than-not simply freeze up the computer.I wish I had done my research before buying this - I had heard that Nero had a good reputation . Based on what I now know that 's due to change.I took another reviewers advice and looked into Intervideo and it is excellent . I burned a DVDR this afternoon that Nero claimed it was unable to do . Not only that but it but completed the job in under 10 minutes -LRB- I had waited for anything up to 1hr 45 mins on Nero -RRB- . You 'd be a fool to waste good money on this junk .
 I 'm not an idiot , but I ca n't make nero 6 ultimate edition do anything . The photo viewer tells me it has errors and wo n't run ... ca n't make it copy my photo files . Arrrrghhhh .
 This is one of the buggiest set of applications for burning DVDs I have ever used.Ahead software used to put out the best burning software on the market when CD-R was the big thing . Now that DVD burning is in , what has happened to Nero ? I spent $ 50 on this ? A program that hangs every single time I try to make a DVD ? There is no way anyone should have to pay $ 1.29 for technical support for a product like this.Want to make menus for a home DVD ? Forget it , the app will hang every time . Want to simply burn a data DVD ? Forget it . Feel like getting burned out of $ 50 , then buy this . Trust me , you will regret it.Buyer beware - once you open it , no store will allow you to return it . I 'm actually going to call my credit card company and see if they can help . You should be ashamed Ahead software .
 Nero used to be great . I just ask it to do the basic job ofburning CD-Rs and DVD-Rs . Now it wo n't even do that consistently!And for some reason the data verification algorithm does n't seem to work properly either!Avoid this software until it improves significantly !
 First thing is they have the poorest web site I have ever been on . You cant find were to down load free down loads . I sent them an email and never recived an email back . Dont plan on the photo slide show its not very clear on a tv . And if you have a problem I would not expect any help from them .
 I purchased the software after reading many good reviews about this . But after I began to install it , I found that the installer an evil program . It deliberately reduces the speed of my DVDROM to probably 2x . What 's more , my DVD Rom -LRB- Philips DVD 8631 -RRB- vibrated so hard that my machine began to tremble . It took 10 minutes or more for it to finish , during which I was worrying that the life time of my DVD Rom must have been significantly reduced . I now understand another reivew mentioning the installation problem . This is probably due to some anti-piracy trick used by NERO . But the trick is rather STUPID , if not EVIL . If your CD/DVD Rom 's warranty has expired , think twice before you buy this .
 The Amazon description is misleading . You CAN NOT burn unlimited MP3 files with this version - you are limited to 30 mp3 files total with a `` demo '' license . To burn -LRB- mp3 encode -RRB- unlimited mp3 files you must purchase the mp3pro plugin from Nero -LRB- $ 35 for the CD -RRB- . So , this is not really an all-in-one software solution for multimedia files .
 I hope the trained monkeys who `` developed '' this software are saddled with the stigma of creating this wholesale piece of junk so they will never work in the industry again.Without question , the worst piece-of-garbage software I have ever had the misfortune of using . It simply does n't work WITH ANYTHING . I tried it with a DVD . I 've tried it with a CD . I 've tried burning music . I 've tried burning files . I ca n't even back up my drive.I even updated Nero AND the driver for my DVD burner -LRB- Sony DVD RW DRU-720A -RRB- . NOTHING worked . My computer freezes every single time I try to use this piece of crap software.I 'd give this software MINUS FIVE STARS if I could . It really sucks that bad . If you buy it , prepare to have a lot of coasters around your house that look like CDs and DVDs.Hey AHEAD ! I WANT MY MONEY BACK !
 Ahead provides the most minimal support for this product I have ever seen . An example
 Ahead made some very robust programs about four years ago . I have no idea how they fell off like they did , but they certainly hit bottom pretty hard . Perhaps they suddenly decided that burning files to CD was n't important , and they decided to add a bunch of other half-baked features to their program while its core got all soft . Perhaps they used all the money they got from hardware manufacturers who bundled Nero with their drives to snort so much blow that their brains fell out through their sinuses . Perhaps they just started employing less than adequate Indian programmers to write different parts of the program and then proceded to paste it together with old gum . It is a mystery . Unsuprisingly enough , Nero 7 is even worse . It 's like the signal to noise ratio is losing badly . It already takes two updates just to get it to do the basic things right and then only half of the time . At this rate , Nero 8 will be declared a menace to global stability and will be removed by any competent virus protection.Avoid.This.Program.Anyone who tells you different was probably paid to .
 I bought an external SONY DVD Drive -LRB- VRD-MC1 -RRB- that only works with NERO -LRB- provided in a CD -RRB- . I proceeded to install NERO 6.6 which required that I uninstall any competing software like ROXIO . I proceeded accordingly and completed the installation of NERO . I started to have problems with several programs and data files for no apparent reason . I have been struggling with the problem for months . Finally , I discover that NERO has changed the file `` type '' of many programs totally unrelated to NERO . Therefore , several programs do not work , like PALM 5.1 , where ALL the data files have a new extension type
 I 've had problems with Nero 6 Ultra since I installed it . I found out they charge for phone support and they have n't answered my email support request for 4 days and counting . Very disappointing .
 This product was only a means by which you had to purchase other modules in order to make use of the item . This was not the advertised $ 89.00 version . I was very dissatisfied with this worthless bait and switch .
 I 'm trying to copy my own DV 's from my camera , but my copy of Roxio insists on treating its users like weenies and wo n't allow me to simply copy the simulated DVD files direct to DVD.I decided to check Nero before buying another program I ca n't use , but the demo 's simply give me a message saying `` Your demo has expired '' . I have never used Nero , never loaded it on my PC , and am really disappointed . I have deleted the demos , run Nero 's cleanup tools -LRB- and a few of my own -RRB- , rebooted my PC numerous times , and sent them email telling them of the problem . Apparently , they 're not very interested in selling this to anyone . I 've been trying to sort this problem out for five days and now I 've just given up . Good luck to anyone who buys it .
 To make this simple I concur with a significant number of these reviews . The application simply does n't run on my system which is a brand new install of Windows XP Professional . The applications takes forever to come up and then hangs when I try to perform any functions . It simply does n't work.Tech support is not responding to my e-mails and it 's been many days since I attempted to contact them.The bottom line is that the application simply does n't work and is completely useless . Since I ca n't contact them via phone as they charge to do so I will cancel the payment via my credit card . I would advise anyone who purchses this product to buy it via a credit card so that you can cancel payment due to non-delivery of a functional product and inability to contact the company .
 I bought this product & spent a $ 100.00 CND and it was a waste of my money . I would n't recommend this product to any of my friends .
 This was my first purchase of burning software . The appeal of Nero 6 Ultra was that it does so many things instead of having to buy separate software for each . Well , one of the main reasons I purchased is to put together slide shows of my digital pictures using Nero Vision 2 . The `` transcoding '' process fails almost every time ... very frustrating ! E-mail support non-existant & phone support costs $ 1.29 / minute ... credit card is automatically charged for 59 minutes ! Did a Google search and found bunches of other folks having same problem . Ahead Software -LRB- Nero -RRB- has known about problem has done nothing to warn people . Other parts of the suite seem to work OK -LRB- reason for even 2 stars -RRB- but user interface is not windows type , no drop down menus , no `` save as '' commands etc. . . I have now gone out and purchased different software so am out the $ $ spent on Nero . Also , read fine print ... `` Rebate '' reflected in pricing is for upgrade only not purchase for initial installation .
 When I first got this software I was thrilled at how easy it was to extract Mp3 files off my CD 's and burn them to a mp3 disc . I could also make normal CDs to play on my home and car stero . Within two days the program imploded on itself . It no longer new what a mp3 file was . You know there 's something wrong when a mp3 program does n't recognize an mp3 file.When ever I tried to extract a file from my CDs it gave me some -LSB- ... -RSB- about the CD being corrupt . Some of these CDs were brand new ! Every time I tried to burn what I could the files would get altered during the burn and none of my Mp3 players would recognize the them.This could have something to do with the fact that I am using the program with that plague of an OS Windows ME so thats wy I 'm giving this two stars because maybe it works on other computers and just not my junk PC .
 This Nero software came with my sony 800 DVD writer . I could not get this software to do anything for me . It would not recognize even the DVD drive although it is fully comfortable with my Sony Laptop . All I was getting was error messages . I went on the internet and downloaded a free trial of Intervideo software and it worked flawlessly . I was very happy after 2 days of frustruations I had trying to get the NERO software to work .
 Try MyDVD instead . Fork out for a professional editing suite . Take up golf . But do n't bother with this mish mash . Everything is promised ; NOTHING is delivered . I 've spent months with this and burned nothing to disk yet . I have spent more on wasted media getting nowhere with this software , way more than the software cost . Tech support is a joke . Slow beyond belief . You email them , they email you the next day . Unless of course you emailed after tea or on the weekend or some other time that might actually suit YOU . Their solutions -LRB- usually amounting to no more than uninstall/reinstall -RRB- do n't work . You email them again . If you 're lucky , they email you back . Can you imagine how many steps there could be to arriving at a solution ? Now double or triple that figure . And that 's how many days it could take to get this thing going . I still have n't and I 've been at it for a month . I wonder if anyone gets it working ? Only reason I gave it 1 star is because there 's no way to give it a big fat zero .
 I bought Nero 6 about 18 months ago and basically it has been dormant on my computer the entire time.It is extremely difficult and will only perform basic functions that free software often does better.After purchasing this product I found out that to get most functions an expensive upgrade was needed . Do not buy 7 .
 I have a Memorex 16x DVD/CDRW drive in my Dell Dimension running Windows XP SP3 . I installed Nero 's INCD5 and PRAYED that I would not have a problem because prior versions of INCD wreacked havoc on my PC.After the install was complete , my Windows XP was virtually UNUSABLE - programs would not load , performance was so slow that I thought my computer was dead . Knowing immediately that I had fallen victim , again , to this piece of crap software , I performed a Windows system restore . That had no effect . I rebooted in Windows SAFE MODE in order to get to a point that I could exorcise INCD.Two hours later I was returned to the point that I started from . I am thankful that my computer still works . INCD is popular . It must work OK for some people . I , unfortunately , have NEVER had a good experience with it . Think twice before installing this product . It may ruin your day .
 after purchasing Nero , I could not get any back up , after many tries I stopped using the sofware and delete any advertising I recieve on my Computer .
 I was disappointed in this purchase . the visual made me believe I was receiving a product in the original box . But I only received the CD in an envelope .
 The tech support sucks . I spent hours trimming and editing a video of my son . I went to burn it to DVD . 8 tries later it still wont burn . Customer support was horrible . Their end solution was to uninstall and reinstall . I burnt the SAME . avi files with another product and it worked , NO problem . This tells me Nero sucks . I will end up buying Sony Vegas after I try the Demo . It sounds like a better product.Did I mention that Nero sucks ?
 Do n't get your hopes up too high on this one . Outside of the rom burning , which is Nero 's main strength , features like the slide show module has few useful controls for users to stop or control the speed of the pictures . About all you can do after burning the VCD or DVD is watch the show , as long as you do n't want to stop or go back to previous slides . The user interfaces are clunky not very intuitive , and I 'm really sorry I opened the box , so now I ca n't return it , and I am stuck having to use this product since I have already paid for it . A real disappointment .
 I thought that , as a classically trained musician and computer systems engineer , it was time to take my music collection to the next level and go digital . Based on everything that I had heard , I thought I would try Nero . It turns out that everything I heard is n't . It is n't simple , reliable or easy to use . And All-In-One is blatant false advertising unless you 're prepared to fork out even more money to get all of the features turned on.Don ' t believe the hype -LRB- which seems to have made it 's way all the way down into the `` user '' reviews -RRB- . Nero is a jumble of poorly defined programs with overlapping functionality -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- and useless documentation to help wade through the mess . It lacks a lot of useful and user friendly features found in freeware . The more advanced features either do n't work -LRB- DVD -RRB- or are expensive add-ons -LRB- MP3 -RRB- . Use Windows Media Player , ITunes or a free version of Roxio and save yourself $ 83 .
 Has anyone else experienced this ? I have numerous audio recordings on tape that I 'm trying to transfer to CD . If I attempt to do more than adding track marks and fading in/out at either end of the entire CD 's recording , each track `` gains '' a layer of whistling or other distorted noises . The results remind me of listening to old audio cassettes on those old portable desktop cassette players -LRB- as in the 1970s and early 1980s -RRB- . Since most of what I want to do with a product such as Nero is editing audio-only material , I ca n't say that I 'm satisfied with this software . I will not be purchasing Nero 7 because of this .
 I was impressed by the rating at amazon , cnet and some other sites and wanted to buy this product . But I downloaded the trial version before buying it.My experience with this s/w is real bad one . May be this could be specific to my hardware + software combination . I have HP laptop Core 2 Duo with XP media center edition . After I installed with the default option -LRB- I select advanced option but didnt change whatever is given there by default -RRB- and most of my programs started working weird . Almost all programs/utilities gave the windows load error . I have to close the error box and open the application again . After repeating this process for 4 or 5 time I wont get the error . I am not sure why this behavior.I was so annoyed that I uninstalled immediately . After that , my home page didnt load properly , windows media player didnt start , my web mail page did not load . I checked the FAQs in the Kaspersky site and they have stated these exact problems and asked to register the 2 dlls for javascript and vbscript . After that everything is normal . I should thank Kaspersky for having good FAQ page . Otherwise my experience with this product is real bad one and I am not sure if I come back to these guys again .
 Before buying , I downloaded and installed a 30-day trial version of KIS 6.0 . First , I uninstalled Windows Live One Care . After installing KIS 6.0 and rebooting , my Windows XP Home Edition computer just locked up . Had to go through Safe Mode to remove the program via Windows Explorer , since Add/Remove Programs in Control Panel will not work in Safe Mode.When I reinstalled Windows Live One Care , it offered to remove the remains of KIS 6.0 that I could n't . Next , Internet Explorer 7 would not work at some sites . Had to call Microsoft Support and a great technician in India took about an hour to straighten out the damaged files in IE7 at no charge . Thanks a lot , Kaspersky!Now , my computer is working fine . I am sorry that I did not have a chance to use KIS 6.0 , but I will stick with One Care and renew it when my 1st year of free updates expires soon .
 I have been using McAfee and Norton security and antivirus programs for years , and decided to try out Kaspersky due to the positive reviews . Unfortunately , in just the few weeks I 've been using Kaspersky , I 've experienced nasty program crashes and one problem after another.The first problem was that I had McAfee installed already when I installed Kaspersky . According to Kaspersky 's instructions , Kaspersky would prompt to uninstall McAfee if it was detected during the install process . It did not do that , and Kaspersky installed itself anyways . This lead to CPU spikes and an unusable Windows environment . Fortunately , I was able to login in Safe Mode and uninstall McAfee , which resolved the problem.The next problem was that the full system scan would crash when scanning my Outlook messages . I contacted Kaspersky and was told to disable the Outlook email scanning feature . That resolved the problem , but my messages are no longer scanned . Great.Next , I downloaded and installed the free McAfee SiteAdvisor program , which provides you with a security ranking on Google search results and any website you visit . Apparently even that conflicts with Kaspersky and causes Windows to crash with a blue screen error . After uninstalling McAfee SiteAdvisor , the problem went away.After all that , just this week , Kasperksy crashed again during a system scan . I contacted Kaspersky support , and this time it was due to a bad automatic daily update from them . They responded within 24 hours this time and provided instructions for removing that update.In the years I 've been using McAfee and Norton , they NEVER crashed or brought down my operating system . Kaspersky has crashed repeatedly in just the few weeks I 've been using it , and I can not recommend this product to anyone .
 After reading rave reviews here I decided to remove bit defender and install a trial version of Kaspersky Security Suite . Here 's my experience after 3 days on both my notebook and personal computer.PRO : Antivirus
 I bought it because the reviews said it does not hog much room . But for some reason , it has s l o w e d my laptop down noticeably . I will be calling in for help with this because it 's a new laptop .
