 I bought this product with the intent of using it to backup my files to my HP CD writer . No where does it indicate that this is not recommended . Now that I am using it , I find my computer constantly locking up or slowing down . Then it can not save some files , even though I have excluded them from the backup , it still tries to back them up and every 2 minutes I get 2 error messages indicating that these files can not be backed up . It is totally frustrating . If you plan to use this with a CD Write , think again .
 Very difficult to use . We tried using this to help us print our Christmas cards but it was unable to do it . It insisted on printing blank fields and did n't let us customize the output at all . A big thumbs down !
 Have suffered with this program for two years . Much too complicated . Frustration is off the scale . Too many shortcomings
 When the cost of a technical support phone call costs more than the program , it should tell you something . Lockups , error messages - what is your time worth ? Spend a little more for something that works .
 This was not a genuine copy of the program . There was a toolbar program or something like that included that worked but the actual program that I paid for was incomplete and could not be installed . I am very dissatisfied with the transaction . I would have returned it but it just is n't worth the effort as too much time has already been wasted .
 I downloaded the software and was very excited to set up my own business cards . The first time in it asked if I want to register and I said `` later '' and it said you get 5 tries . So , the next time I tried to register and it calls their 800 number . However , it was busy , BUT THATS ONE STRIKE AGAINST ME ! So , for the next 4 times I got into the software I tried to register every time , and every time it was busy . Now I cant use the software . So , no matter how nice it is , and it was easy to use , its now useless .
 I built a nice biz card . Then I tried to print , and the print options were not available . They were `` greyed out . '' I tried everything possible to make them available , but to no avail . That , however , was not the problem . I tried contacting MySoftware to get some simple guidance and got absolutely NO response . I got telephone voice messages constantly , telling me to leave a message and they 'd get back to me . Right ! I went to their Web site and discovered that they were not intersted in having me contact them . In fact , they set up barriers to every possible contact method.Their software went back to where I bought it . Stear clear of MySoftware ... any of their products . They clearly do n't care about their customers .
 A good program if you like clip art . Not so good if you are wanting designer borders for creating personal stationary or scrapbooks .
 I BOUGHT IT AN FOUND OUT THAT THEY LIED ABOUT THE COMPUTER PROGRAM AND THEN THEY WOULD NOT REFUND MY MONEY THEY ARE SCAMMERS AND IT HAS MADE ME NOT WANT TO USE AMAZON EVER AGAINHOPE PEOPLE READ THIS AND DONT BUY FROM THIS SELLERTHEY DONT EVEN HAVE THE BALLS TO CALL ME BACK
 It said the program was for the following
 Bought this for my MAC but it does not work as advertised with MAC application.Out $ 10.48 costs too much money to return for a $ 5.50 refund.False advertising .
 We used this software for our wedding invitations a while back . To be kind , it 's antiquated . Note in the description that it is designed to run on Windows 3.x -LRB- which predates Win95 , Win98 , and Win2K -RRB- ... there is a reason why it says that . Although MyMailList can manage a mail list and print out a variety of label and evelope formats -LRB- including custom ones -RRB- , the user interface is pretty clunky compared with current software . We 're about to send out another mailing and we 're not going to use this any more ; we 're looking for new software .
 When I purchased this product I thought it would save alot of time . Let 's just say you get what you pay for .
 Could not install this program and could not figure out why , until I read on the box `` Works with Window 3.1 and Windows 95 . '' I use Windows 7 . I wasted my money .
 Not happy , it was advertised that it could be used with MAC OX but when it came it could not . Returned it
 I bought this product not realizing how extremely limiting it was . You ca n't change the color on the type and the amount of text you can use is only 40 characters . Let alone the sizing capabilities are limiting ... way too much to complain about , so do n't buy it .
 I bought this item because they advertised that they give a rebate . I submitted all the forms and the required items and they never gave me the rebate . They said that it was a duplicate . And it was surely not a duplicate . How can I send more than 1 set of original UPC and receipt . So be careful .
 I ordered this for my Mac , it came for Windows ! No way to rate the product .
 This is a review of ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which may be the product that some Marketplace sellers are sellinghere , here , here , here , andhere . Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the links and e-mail the respective Marketplace sellers to find out what version they are selling , so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -------------------------------------------------- I will be reviewing ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which was released in 2006 -LRB- according to the copyright date on the blue and white box -RRB- . Product Information * Developed by
 The ad did not specify that this item can not be used for Vista and I am unable to return because the shrink wrap has been removed
 this software only works with Windows 3.1 and Windows 95 . A complete waste of money .
 Most software of this type covers all types of media , so when I found this one was just for brochures , I was happy to order it . Then when I got it , downloaded the software , and started using it , I put the text onto the `` design '' and printed it out . It showed just the text ! When I checked , I saw that to get the design shown , you had to order the special paper ! This is not made clear in the description when ordering . I wo n't be using this software , much to my disappointment .
 I was -LRB- I thought -RRB- buying software that would enhance my ability to do various jobs -LRB- newsletters , note cards , labels , letterhead , etc -RRB- on my computer . The proventure/brochures software that I received , gives me the direction to `` SELECT PAPER STYLE '' , then it gives me NO paper style to select from ! It only has one paper style-Brochures -LRB- 3 fold brochure-landscape ; 3 fold brochure with rotary ; 3 fold brochure with reply & 3 fold portriat -RRB- . No OTHER selections !
 I consider myself a reasonably smart guy . While still relatively new to the wonderful world of computer animation , I 've nevertheless been able to become resonably proficient in a number of programs in a short amount of time . I 've learned Animation Master , Poser , Bryce , and Vue , and will soon be learning Carrara Pro , which by all accounts is wonderful and easy to use . While I 'm not a master at any of these , each program has been easier to learn than the one before it.I bought Shade 7 because it is sold by Curious Labs , the same people who produce Poser . They advertise it as `` companion software '' to Poser -LRB- Poser fusion -RRB- , and they offered it for half off with my Poser serial number . I naturally assumed that it would have a similar interface and controls as Poser.WRONG ! Wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong ! Shade was developed in Japan , by a completely different team of programmers . The only thing it has in common with Poser is that it was bought out by Curios Labs , who now market it . Poser fusion ? I do n't get it . Any 3d modellling software that will allow you to export into DXF , 3DS , or OBJ can be used to create props for Poser , so this is NOT a strong selling point . Importing Poser characters ? Vue and Carrara Pro will allow you to import the entire animation!So , how is the software ? Let me just say that Shade is about the most UN-user friendly software I 've ever attempted to use ! People who are used to doing 90 percent of their work by pointing and clicking with a mouse will be instantly turned off . Not only are keyboard commands used as shortcuts , THEY 'RE MANDATORY ! I 'm not kidding . Even simple commands like moving the camera or rotating your model require you to memorize which key -LRB- or KEYS -RRB- to hold down while dragging your mouse . Keep in mind , this is just to do basic functions that should be intuitive.Try doing a simple boolean function . Go ahead . I dare you . In Vue or Bryce , its so ridiculously simple that a four year old could do it . In Shade ? Go into the PDF manual that comes with the software and try to decifer it . It gave me a splitting headache just trying to make sense of it . Who wrote this manual ? Maybe its just a literal traslation from the Japanese one.I 'm sure that a person who 's proficient in Shade can make stunning 3d models . The free models that come with the software are also useful , so its not a complete waste of money . The `` magical draw '' software is quite useful . For these reasons , I give it two stars . As far as actually using Shade to create models to populate my 3d universe ? Forget it ! I just want to make movies . I do n't have time for this crap !
 I am a beginner for 3D graphic . I choose this product becasue I used poser well and I would like make a model for me . It is a new area for me . However , it looks like too difficult to use and it cost lot money .
 I canceled out of the setup `` wizard '' half-way through because I only had one floppy diskette on hand . -LRB- it wanted to make 2 boot floppies -RRB- It did not work properly , and no partition-editing operations were ever initiated.On reboot , I saw disk controller errors . scary.I try to bail ... Uninstalling Partition Commander 9 did NOT revert my system to its original state.On rebooting , I see the `` NTLDR is missing '' error message . -LRB- I use Win XP Pro -RRB- This was getting very serious . FIXBOOT and FIXMBR commands from WinXP recovery console ran without complaint but the NTLDR missing problem remained . I copied NTLDR and NTDETECT.COM from my winxp CD to the C
 I picked up this program because I wanted to partition and format an external harddrive with FAT32 over 80GIG and XP Home would only partition a drive this size with NTFS . This looked like a good choice from reading the description on the box -LRB- next time I 'll look over the reviews also -RRB- . I briefly read the directions and figured I 'll load it on my PC and work with the program later when I have time . I knew I was in trouble as soon as the CD started to load . It did n't ask where I wanted to load the folders or programs , it just started to load . When it came time to ask to make the 2 floppies I decided to abort the program and cancel . The program loaded anyway , and things were fine till I shutdown and went to restart the next day . I got a blank black screen . I could only boot from the CD . After much teeth gnashing I was able to get my system up and running with a backup I made earlier.Uninstalled and never will use again.It says make a backup of everything and they are not lying . BEWARE
 To be fair , I used version 8 , but I lost several YEARS worth of work after installing this piece of garbage , and I want to cry . Yes , I got a full and complete backup first , onto DVDs AND onto a separate drive , but the first DVD in the series shows a read error , and this program did something to the second hard drive -LRB- just for being in the machine -RRB- to the point that I ca n't even format it much less retrieve any of my data from it . This is the worst single personal computer disaster I have ever experienced , and I am no novice
 I bought a copy of Partition Commander 9 , and installed it on my hard drive.The system locked up when trying to run the program.It also screwed up the boot up on startup.Do the following things if you try this software : Backup your disk.Be sure you have a current recovery disc.You will be in big trouble if you do not .
 Installed it on my Windows XP machine . It had a NTFS partition as a linked volume . HAD , it 's gone now because the bootsector is corrupt . Sofar for the data ... :--LRB- I 'd rather have a virus ...
 And forget about technical support . You will keep exchanging messages with a program . If you get past the mail format , email adress consistency problems etc. you may be able to exchange messages with a human . I gave up after the 4th automated response said they will look at the problem .
 I am suspicious of most of the 8 users who wrote the reviews . I bought this product and it is not user friendly . It seems to be WORD , with categories for a business plan and types of business plans and a book on writing business plans . I am planning on returning it ASAP . When I looked at the written recommendations that were part of my decision to purchase this item , they are all written on one date and seem to be from one person ! All of them with similar titles , ie , `` software user from `` city '' and thecomments are all great . I think this might have been a promotion - GASP ! Only one author of a review sounds like a real person and he rated it low . I too feel burned and will return this software and try another approach .
 Bought it . Tried it . Absolutely hated it . I have purchased and used many packages from CAD to photo manipulation . This is one of the most difficult to use.I had a unique hang up in the software so I called their tech support . No call back . So I searched the website -LRB- most user unfriendly -RRB- . Downloaded and installed a patch . No go . To make a long story short , I had three calls without answer and I am returning the package to the company . The best thing about the software is that they back it up with a money back guarantee for 60 days . If you buy it , you may need it!Poor software . Terrible support . The box has a tag line `` From vision to plan in a weekend . '' Not in this lifetime .
 The last reviewer was correct in saying there 's something fishy about the other reviews , especially those written by Burke Franklin . He gives all the products from JIAN 5 stars . Could it be because they published his book ? -LRB- See `` Business Blackbelt , '' by , you guessed it , Burke Franklin -RRB- As far as BizPlan 8 is concerned , it 's okay if you happen to have a business that resembles their sample plans , but if you have a unique product or service , it 's only marginally beneficial .
 The software is basically a sample plan in the form of a word document . It appears that this same company also offers an online business plan service . The description of the online product , alone is filled with run-on sentences and unintelligible phrases . This does not inspire me to take the chance on a product that has a `` no refund '' policy .
 I found this product to be very disappointing . They are advertising this product as a translator -LRB- and selling it for the price of a translator -RRB- when in fact this device is nothing else than a dictionary - which may be bought at a fraction of this price from any other store . The few basic -LRB- kindergarten level -RRB- sentences included in this dictionary do not entitle the device to be a translator by any means !
 Do not enjoy using this product . Very difficult to use . I was in Italy and there is no time to flip open the transalator look for that particular word to get an understanding .
 I was disappointed with how limited the dictionary was . As an example I tried to find the Spanish word for disaster . The best it could come up with was director . Maybe it did n't contain the word because it is a disaster !
 This thing can only translate CAT , . . DOG ... . that 's about it . . I literally typed in Apartment ... and it did n't know ... seriously .
 Franklin EXPLORER FR-TVH12 12 Language European TranslatorThe 12 Language European Translator is a very slow device . It takes time to find a word in English and then it takes time to say that it can not find it in Russian . Even if it can find it , it not always gives correct translation.If you are looking for the words like a BOOK - this translator is for you . If you want it to help you to read a book , just forget about this one ... . I 've just purchassed it , and am begging the seller to take it back .
 We purchased this software for our daughters , ages 5 and 9 , after enjoying the books . While the content is great , we were extremely disappointed that once you finish the game and exit the mansion that 's it . The label on the package states '' multi-leveled games encourage replayability '' . We assumed that meant when you completed the game you could begin again with new clues . WRONG ! For thirty dollars I expect my child to be able to use the software again .
 My son received this for a birthday gift . We own another I SPY computer game and it worked great . This one would not even launch . It was given as a gift purchased through Amazon but wrapped up and handed to my son , not given through the mail , so no packing slip . I tried to return this . First , I needed to know the giver 's email address and home address to verify that this was indeed bought at Amazon . Fortunately , I had that information . The customer service person verified the game was bought at Amazon , but through a third party seller , so they were not obligated to honor a return . She did send me the third party information . They would not take opened software back . How do you know it does n't work if you do n't open it up and try it ? I just spent eight dollars UPS shipping it back to Scholastic in hopes of an exchange . Other I SPY games do work on MACs , but this one did not . If you are going to try this , buy it from a store which will take it back if it does n't work .
 Based on the reviews here , I purchased this game for my 7 year old for Christmas . She got through it in a few hours and that 's it . Finished . No more levels to play , nothing new to do . I wo n't purchase another `` I Spy '' game .
 I brought this for my children when they were keen on I spy books and was disappointed to find the lack of replayability.They all joined in with locating the clues and enjoyed seeing there name through out the puzzles . I also enjoyed the game.The disapointment was that when the game was completed that was it . There are only two riddles for each room and you get both when you play . The hidden message is always the same . The only part they play for now is making the ghosts.The only time the game sees the light of day is when we have visiting children . Mine almost never ask for it now.Treat it as you would one of the books . If your children enjoy the books and read them again and again never tiring of reading the same riddles and finding the same items then you may get value for money .
 This is a further comment to the review below , since I ca n't respond directly to the posting above which describes a fix for Windows XP installation ; I appreciate that Mr. Norris is trying to be helpful , and his ** fix ** will work as described , however , it is an extremely bad idea for most people to make edits in the registry , and should not be encouraged as a fix to get around false advertising and a game that should not be sold in its current form . Any mistakes , even a slip of the finger while making the edits , can result in catastrophy -LRB- machine may not reboot next time -RRB- , so it should only be done with extreme care , and by someone who knows what they 're doing . My assumption is that most readers of these posts -LRB- and , if fact , most purchasers of game software for children -RRB- do not fit that category , or do not want to take that risk.Do not reward companies that sell things to a general market that are unfit for use , and unsupported by the vendor . Do not buy this product , period.original comments follow : This game is not compatible with Windows XP unless your children are allowed Administrator accounts on your PC . The reason for this is that the game was written for Windows 98 , and has not been updated since , despite the indications on the box that it works with XP.Unfortunately , my son was in tears after spending his allowance to buy this game at the school book fair because in our house , kids do not get administrator accounts . When I called Scholastic to request support , their only workaround is to run the game as an administrator . They admit it was designed for Win98 , and that they have n't updated it because they `` have n't had enough complaints from customers to write a version for XP '' . All this despite the labelling which claims it is XP compatible . You must run as an administrator because the game needs to update the registry -LRB- this is an extraordinarily bad program design decision for a children 's game -RRB- every time it is run.I am perplexed at the numerous positive reviews of the game here . Either all of these reviewers are running obsolete versions of the operating system , or their kids are given administrator accounts on XP , which is dangerous and foolish . Scholastic will not refund your money once the box is open , even though the claim of XP compatibility is false advertising , at Scholastic tech support 's own admission . My recommendation is that no one should buy this game unless they are still running Win98 . No company should be rewarded for relabelling obsolete software and continuing to sell it as if it was current .
 This item sucks , it does n't work with Windows 7 . I lost my money for this one . I wish I would have known this before purchasing it . Thanks for not letting people know this ...
 This software will not work with my computer which has Windows XP Home on it . They provided two work-arounds , one did n't work and the other one was to start pulling RAM off of the computer . LUDICROUS ! This product should not be marked as compatible with Windows XP .
 Out of the box this box crashes on Windows XP . After following the advice from Scholastic to run it in compatibility mode , it no longer crashes , but just presents me with a black screen . Calling this `` XP compatible '' is a joke , if you have to rely on luck to get it to run at all .
 This software would n't install . It hung and crashed my windows XP PC three times in a row . Junk !
 This does not work on a newer Mac . It took customer service over 2 weeks to get back to me . Received as a gift . Hopefully Amazon will take it back .
 This game is great . My 46 month old really enjoyed it ... for about two or three hours , when she had played it out . There are a very limited number of `` screens , '' and they do n't even randomize their arrangement.It 's a shame , because the puzzles with the circles -LRB- think Venn diagrams from elementary school math -RRB- are a wonderful twist.Therefore , I have to say the game `` has no legs . ''
 This software is very poorly put together . It must have been created for children to waste time on creating nonsense in music . All I wanted to do was to put my own piano , guitar and vocal tracks together to create mp3s . When I try to do this the separate files run at different tempos and ruin the songs.The good news is that I only paid $ 12.11 for this dated software . Oh , and I just checked today the price . You can have this joke of software for only $ 9.99 . My advise is to not waste your time with this one . I 'm now the wiser.UPDATE
 USER UNFRIENDLY.Too much effort to learn how to use this product.Donated it to GOODWILL .
 Intego Personal Backup X is a poor choice for someone looking for simple , robust backups without additional hardware . Contrary to Intego 's marketing , it can not back up to multiple CDs/DVDs . It 's also confusing , and does n't include a manual.DIFFICULTY OF USE : On launch , PBX displays a window asking for a source and destination , and whether to `` backup , '' `` restore , '' `` archive , '' or `` clone . '' It does n't explain the difference between these actions . There 's no `` Help '' feature . It 's a bad sign when even experienced users must read the manual cover to cover . Worse , the manual is not installed by default and must be downloaded from Intego 's web site . Advanced features are accessed through a confusing `` New Script ... '' menu item . Having a minimalist interface is NOT ` ease of use . ` NO SUPPORT FOR MULTIPLE CDs/DVDs : Intego claims , `` Intego Personal Backup X backs up your data , either automatically or manually , to removable media -LRB- such as recordable CD-Roms or Zip cartridges -RRB- , to partitions on your hard disk , to network volumes , to an iDisk , to external hard drives -LRB- USB , Firewire or SCSI -RRB- or to disk image files . '' But as an Intego representative later explained , `` Personal Backup X does not have a method or procedure to backup across multiple disks . It can not ` span ' CDs or DVDs . '' All recent computers have hard drives too large for one DVD or CD . Consumers expect any backup program claiming to support CD/DVD to support multiple discs . So it is NOT practical to back up to CD , DVD , Zip disk , etc. with Personal Backup . PBX may work for those with external hard drives or tape drives , but most of them probably use Dantz Retrospect . Since most computers now come with CD/DVD burners , most home users looking for a cheap solution probably want to back up to CD/DVDs , but they 'll get no help from Personal Backup .
 This is not something to buy if you want to learn how to play bass . The DVD lasts for about 10 minutes and it is simply an interview with three teenagers who try to persuade you how you should play bass if you want to get into music . The commputer CD that comes with it is geared towards absolute beginner , and tailored to kids . The best think in the whole set is the little booklet that has the scales in it , but that 's about it . This may be a nice gift to a 13-year old , but skip it if you 're an adult or if you already know what a string or a note is .
 this is a great advertisement but as a teaching tool it sucks . I think it is a waste of money do NOT waste yours . drop me a mail i will give you mine for free . POS Amazon was great it did not come with the book so they did not charge me . I think I still wasted my time . crap .
 I am studying singing , and so far I have had quite a success . My mentor is Jamie Vendera , and I study mostly by his books/CDs . However , I also wanted to see what else is out there as far as singing tutorials go . I picked up quite a few different books , CDs , DVDs . Some of them were quite interesting and challenging . However , this set is far from being really useful , in my opinion . It is so basic that it hurts that I paid for it . It is not taught by any professional singers , rather , by kids ! And , those kids do n't sound that well either -LRB- some of them were just okay , some were just so-so -RRB- . So , if you 'd like to get some useful material to study and learn how to sing properly I would suggest to look elsewhere . My personal recommendations
 the creator of this product is a company called JUst Enough . But the product is n't enough to begin playing guitar . It wo n't get you even close to playing guitar . They advertise that it comes with a DVD , a CDROM , a book and an audio cd . The truth is that on the dvd , you are supposed to play things that you should learn on the cdrom . However , the CDROM does not contain the lesson required for you to play . And the book and the audio teaches you exactly the same lesson you got with the CDROM , instead of teaching new things ! They say you have 50 lessons . That is a lie . Actual playing lessons are just a few , and very poor ones . It doenst even teach you to learn to tune your guitar , they just tell you to buy a digitar tuner for $ 20 bucks - and they count this one as `` a lesson '' . They also count things like `` choosing your gear '' as a lesson . In other words , it sucks and you 'll feel cheated if you buy this thing .
 VOYAGE TO A PREHISTORIC PLANET was made in 1965 , stars Basil Rathbone , and the cover depicts one snarling and one glaring dinosaur towering over three space-suited astronauts . Does anything more really need be said?Plot - The year is 2020 and American astronauts and Russian cosmonauts are traveling to Venus . I 've read somewhere that this is a Russia film that had scenes inserted and some phony American credits plastered on it prior to release , but was n't interested enough to see if my favorite internet search engine could cough up the answers to that mystery . Rathbone plays a scientist on the satellite Lunar 7 and the other ` star ' in this one , Faith Domergue , is an astronautlette on the Venus-orbiting Vega . A handful of ` nauts and John the Robot are on the Venus surface , dodging the stray alamosaurus and/or 12-foot-tall man-eating venus flytrap while finding evidence of an ancient Venusian civilization.There probably was an okay Russian movie here before Roger Corman Productions got their hands on this one . John the Robot is cool and some of the special effects are a cut above the standard glop they were putting out then . The story drags terribly , though , and Rathbone is apparently included for name recognition rather than to serve the plot or to move things along . Thankfully , they do n't dress him up in a goofy costume or otherwise embarrass him . The pacing is terrible , the dubbing is atrocious and there 's no drama to speak of . The print , although the color is somewhat washed out and there are some scratches , is in okay condition . Not recommended .
 IN A NUTSHELL
 This is a true wonder of the cinematic world . Roger Corman took the remnants of a lame Soviet sci-fi movie , `` Planeta Burg , '' dubbed it into English , added a couple of western actors including Basil Rathbone , and called it a movie . This film is essentially a bunch of often-seen stock footage shown in glorious sepia and gray . -LRB- The box says the film is in color , but the reality is generally otherwise . -RRB- This is a real chore to get through even for devoted fans of bad movies.The plot , as much of it as there is , concerns three groups of voyagers to Venus . One of the ships crashes outright , one has great difficulty landing , and the third lands successfully . I am fond of the endless scenes of the third group of astronauts pondering what the red lights below the clouds of Venus are , as that 's where they are going to land . The conclusion seems to be some type of lava and that they would all be burned up . Bearing in mind that discretion is the greater part of valor , does it make a lot of sense to try to land on lava after the first two ships to attempt the landing have utterly failed?The intrepid explorers land safely in a non-lava area , and begin hiking , whereupon they find giant man-eating octopus flowers , and the most ridiculous six foot tall tyrannosaurus creatures ever seen , which , it develops , have a propensity for wrestling around in mud with the astronauts . There is also an extremely lame robot named , creatively enough , `` Robot John . '' There are endless scenes about women who sing like Sirens , and much cross-Venusian trekking . The astronauts have particularly silly and incongruous equipment , especially their atomic powered flying car , and are dubbed into English with some of the worst dialogue in film history.The general directorial premise of this film seemed to be `` throw a bunch of movies in a blender and press the mix button . '' The bewildering array of footage , impossible color matching , and ridiculous yet predictable plot make this film a tough slog . As a mind-numbing bad film , this is tough to beat . I give it two stars for the audacious compilation of film from so many sources into a finished work that almost makes sense . Watch it at your own risk , because only the strong survive.As a further warning , this film was later recut yet again a year later with even more jarring and disjointed scenes -LRB- featuring Mamie Van Doren -RRB- and released as `` Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women . '' In case you may be wondering , it failed to improve `` Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet , '' and that 's saying something .
 Watch about 15 minutes of this and you 'll realize that something 's terribly wrong . Yes , Basil Rathbone is in it , but he seems quite marginalized and does not really have a leading role as you 'd expect . As far as I can tell he is only in it for the name recognition.Soon you start to see the scenes of astronauts approaching venus and ... . Whoa ! Are n't these actors dubbed ? Yes they are , and very badly at that ! It turns out that the film was spliced together from mostly Soviet footage . Not only are they badly dubbed , but it seems like maybe the director just asked a bunch of his out-of-work friends to do the dubbing . It has all the dramatic effect of someone reading `` Run Spot Run '' . Surely things will pick up once they reach the planet ? Well they do - sort of . No sooner are they out the door when one of the astro -- oops cosmonauts gets attacked by none other than a giant Venus fly trap . Yes , a Venus fly trap . Who would have guessed you 'd actually find them on Venus!The astro , I mean cosmonauts , seem generally unsurprised to find prehistoric life existing on the planet . When they see that there are dangers galore , do they alter their plans ? Have a meeting to decide what to do ? No , they just plough on ahead with a devil-may-care attitude . Hey if they are in trouble , maybe Robot John can save them . Maybe.Another question , does this film even have an actual plot ? Or is it simply
 How many hands in how many pots by how many cooks on how many stoves in how many countries does it take to ruin a movie ? I think the answer is not very much , as the classic Manos
 Dreadful patched-together thing , assembled from a Russian movie which was cut up to include el-cheapo Roger Corman style sequences featuring Faith Domergue -LRB- who appears almost comatose -RRB- and Basil Rathbone -LRB- who leans on things a lot -RRB- . The rest of the cast is Russian , and the rest of the movie is dubbed , very clumsily indeed . The film has an overall reddish tinge -LRB- outer space is inexplicably fire engine red -RRB- and the DVD was mastered from a really terrible film copy . The plot points are horribly obvious , the special effects are garbagey , and the film moves at a glacially slow pace . I can only imagine what it was like before Corman cut it to its current length!That being said , the robot IS cool , as is the air-car . The vision of Venus is hilarious , especially considering what we know now , and the idea of calling the robot `` Robot John '' and addressing him as if he were a particularly stupid child is peculiar to say the least.Overall this is pretty dang awful . I like bad movies but ... this might just be irredeemable . If the MST 3K crew were still working , this would be perfect fodder for them , and with a sufficient amount of beer and three witty friends , you might be able to have a fun evening . But there are much better bad movies out there than this one to make fun of .
 Take a behind-the-times Russian science fiction picture and dub it , toss in cheap Americanized cut scenes , shoot an unbearably plodding script , have no plot to speak of , and do n't spend anything but bare-bones funding on the special effects , and that 's VOYAGE TO THE PREHISTORIC PLANET.Besides being bored , I was quite saddened to see a truly great actor like Basil -LRB- ` Sherlock Holmes ' -RRB- Rathbone attached to this abomination of a film , even if only peripherally -LRB- probably for his name recognition -RRB- . Like Bela Lugosi had to resign himself to appear in several Ed Wood pictures just before his death , Rathbone must have been quite desperate financially to accept such a humiliating role here . And I did n't even recognize Faith Domergue ; maybe she wanted it that way.The air car and robot are kinda cool , and the dubbed lines are n't all that bad amdist the usually preposterous dialogue . But overall , this film is just ridiculous on so many levels , it 's basically a joke to watch . This feature would have been an Ed Wood masterpiece , but for everyone else it is nothing short of abyssmal.I did n't hate this movie - after all , some schlock is expected in such a low-budget , sci-fi production - but then again I ca n't think of a single redeeming aspect to recommend about it . As one of the astronauts relates near the picture 's end , this is just a mess .
 The bulk of this movie is a Russian piece of dreck that Roger Corman brought over and dubbed in the dialog . Then he filmed new scenes with Basil Rathbone and some woman with a bee hive hairdo and spliced it all together to make a new movie . The new scenes add nothing and just leave you disoriented as you go from a dubbed scene to a non-dubbed scene.Two ships of astronauts land on Venus to explore the planet . One of the ships crashes , so the when the other lands , they have to rescue the first crew . Along the way they run into prehistoric animal life and a volcanic eruption . The first crew also has a robot named of all things , John . The robot talks and walks very slowly and I have no idea what good he is for anything.The biggest problem with this movie is it 's boring as all get-out . Nothing happens . One scene runs into another but they never achieve any real coherence or relevance . The effects are classic . A pterodactyl attacks in one scene . It looks like it was made out of papier mache or something as it has no moveable parts . It just flies like a big lump . My favorites are the lizards which are obviously guys in rubber suits jumping up and down . Hilarious .
 The only reason I bought this DVD was because I remembered seeing it on TV when I was a kid . ` Voyage ... ' is quite possibly the worst Sci-Fi movie ever made . The only good thing in it is the robot ` John ' and he get melted at the end . Too bad it was n't the actors and director . And do n't count on Rathbone to help out - he only appears for maybe 5 minutes total .
 The movie was surprisingly poor for a 1965 film . The story line was meandering . The special effects were hokey and Basil Rathbone was on screen about a total of 15 minutes for the entire movie . Overall compared to other SF films of this time period , it sucked . Do n't fall for the Amazon.com hype . There are much better films to buy on DVD . This is not one of them .
 I have not been able to install this program as it is not compatible with WindowsXP , which leaves me with about 1000 recipes on an external drive that I can not access . I lost the original program when I bought a new computer.Also , the company -LRB- Pinpoint -RRB- is out of business so I can not receive any technical help .
 As with the other reviewers , this does not work in Windows XP or 7 . I , also , have tons of recipes that I am trying to get to run from an old Micro 4 version . Micro 5 was recommended as the solution . I am now going to have to spend money at my local cumputer geek to figure out how to get this to run.This could get expensive.I will update review when I get a solution from the Tech.REVIEW UPDATE : Been on the phone with my trusted Tech Support ... wo n't go into details , but first try running in compatability mode . If that does n't work ... buy a windows 95 computer or toss this piece of garbage software in the trash!He said the odds of compatabilty mode working are slim to none ... but give it a try.I am now calling around to see if someone has a dusty 15 year old computer in the back of a closet somewhere ... for $ 5 . No luck yet.JUST DO NOT BUY THIS DRECK !!! I ca n't believe Amazon even allows this on their website .
 I purchased this item and was very disappointed that it did not work with any version of Windows from Windows 98 to Windows 7 .
 I bought this to supplement Language Arts . I think I use the middle school one more than the high school . Actually , I do n't think I 've used the high school one at all .
 I first want to say that I really wanted to like this product . Well , it did not turn out that way . I was expecting more out of the product . I was using the math and pretty much it was a lecture , a very small lecture . You do n't do any problems to see if you actually had an understanding of the concepts . I was disappointed . I felt that I should of gotten a book instead of this product . I have not tried any of the other subjects because to me the math part was so disappointing that I did not want to waste time with the rest . I gave them two stars because I did not see the other subjects . Sorry , I wished I could give this product a good rating. : -LRB-
 This game is rather boring . My seven year old was anxious to buy this game and it is not at all what we expected . We can not get the dog to do anything nor are there explanations as to how to figure it out . If there are better games out there I would like to know
 This software was a waste of money ! Got this for our 10 yr old daughter for Christmas -LRB- she had requested it -RRB- - we ca n't get the puppies to do anything ! It will sit for a millisecond - you can buy accessories but ca n't use them - but you can feed and water it , brush it and `` wash it '' -LRB- mearly bubbles that show up on your screen -RRB- . There are glitches in the software program that you have to download a patch for - which took over 2 hours with a dial-up connection - and even then it did not address our problems . She actually had two different puppies `` walk '' off the screen and can only see them now if she takes them for a walk - how sad is that to `` lose '' a virtual pet ??? -LRB- Funny really - but still ! -RRB- You can change your screen settings from 3D to full screen which is also supposed to address any problems you may have with viewing , but this did not fix the problem either . You can download a version of this game , I do n't know if that 's better than the software version or not . Good luck !
 This game is very difficult to play . has alot of gliches , you have to keep buying food and water to feed your dog , well before you know it its all gone and you have to go to the pet store again , I tried to help my granddaughter get the dog to do tricks and its literally impossible , all it will do is sit . I can not make it do anything else I have tried everything and I am 49 years old , so how can a child be expected to learn the dog tricks . I still ca n't figure out how it is suppose to get sleep zzzz , or get him to go in the dog house . The game is frustrating for any child .
 I bought this game and never could get it to work . I tried everything and this is the only game that has ever done that . I have Windows XP , and it just kept saying that it could not install.I took it back and decided to get something else that would work . I got Fairy Godmother Tycoon and it is the BEST game . I do n't regret my decision at all , and there is so much to this game .
 let me put it to you in two words , very boring ! i played this game on a demo on the internet and was i glad i didnt purchase it , all you do is feed the dog and throw toys to it and when you call it you have to click on call and a recognition voice says '' come here girl '' and that is all it says all i kept thinking the whole time was is this all it is ? it was so boring that i just opted myself out of the game . if you wan na try it out play the demo first , other wise youll waste your money .
 I played this game on yahoo -LRB- A demo -RRB- and didnt liked it at all . it is very boring . When you go on a walk , you dont even do anything . just watch your dog walk for 30 seconds and pee . the toys are boring and the contests are VERY easy to win . sometimes all you do i click and it gives u points for no reason ! so its really easy getting money and buying your pet things . when u play with your dog the toys do the SAME FREAKING thing every time ! wont change at all ! the ball/frisbee goes the same direction everytime ! the dog catches the same way every time . it makes u bored very soon . i suggest u get dogz or catz for pc . or even nintendogs for DS . anything is better and more funner than this !
 My 1st grade daughter watched the horrible videos for about 5 minutes before becoming bored and wanting to do something , anything , else . The videos are like something I would have seen in the 70 's . Definitely not up to the kids of todays standards.I would not recommend this program .
 My son 8 who seems to enjoy stuff on the computer then in the class room , was not impressed with this c.d. 's at all . He was bored and it just was not keeping his interested at all . I watched him while he was getting started and I have to agree.Sorry ... not our favorite pick .
 Nothing was in writing about which program was required for this disc ; therefore it was not compatible with Windows 7 . When I contacted the seller , they would only give me used price credit because I purchased new . But how was I supposed to know when nothing was written on the packaging . Big mistake on my part . No more purchases of discs through the Internet .
 The Software works fine so far . When the machine its on , crashes and you have to reinstall , you have to call between 8 and 5 to get someone to clear out their Database of the old information . It has to be the name that 's on the registration and not your computer techician , or the person that 's helping you get your machine back online . Then they have to read the license agreement to you because they talk down to you . They tell you that no one can use the software except the person who bought it . Of course thats in the agreement . There is other software , get it .
 The disc arrived without damage , but the little box they sent me the CD was broken and risked damage the disc . Also , I expected the CD come with the original box and documentation provided by the manufacturer , but it was not .
 Even though my computer had MUCH MORE than the minimum requirements to run this program , we never could get it to operate . The product repeatedly locked up right after you selected the body shape . The music still played , and you could select a different body shape , but it would not let you move to the next level .
 My 6 year old bored of this game quickly and wanted to bring it back to the store . She has n't touched it since Christmas .
 I got the disney 's princess fashion boutique and unless they have upgraded substantially , it is NOT WORTH THE MONEY , , , I took the boutique back twice and it never worked correctly . They said I could send it to the company ... and they might replace it . ... so as far as I am conserned I will NOT be buying any more disney games for my 2 little girls . Thought you might like to know .
 I bought this game because I love the Little Mermaid and seeing Ariel on the box made me very happy . Sadly , there is not much Ariel in the game . The most you can do is put your princess model into Ariel scenes . I was hoping to put my model into Ariel 's mermaid costume , but sadly , there are not many Ariel costume options -LRB- just the wedding dress and a pink one that she wears when she is human -RRB- . All the costume are the classic ` ballgown ' princess style , and most of them are ugly , as a matter of fact . I enjoyed putting my face onto these models , but I was disappointed that there were no costumes I really liked to put myself in . A waste of time ; if buying this , like me , because you are a fan of Ariel , do n't waste your money . Buy ` Ariel 's Story Studio ' or ` Little Mermaid 2 Activity Centre ' instead .
 Music and animation first rate . Princess ' features and gowns way below the level of animation for the rest of the software . Although animation has improved since Princess Boutique 1 , the rest has gone downhill . Was very disappointed in product .
 I got the software for a cheap price , but it ended up costing me much more in lost time . It took forever to install in Windows 2000 . When it finally finished installing , it had disabled access to my DSL service . It refused to allow me to install certain other programs . When I tried to end it using ctrl-alt-del , it refused to stop running . I could n't even uninstall it , because it had destroyed the Windows Control Panel Remove/Add Programs feature , and of course it does n't come with its own uninstaller ! I had to re-install Windows , which involved reformatting my hard drive and re-installing all my programs and data . It took hours to finish.Avoid this program at all costs ! If someone gives it to you , throw it away . Stick with a real anti-virus program that works , such as the well-known Norton/Symantec or McAfee , or even the less well-known AVG .
 Pop-ups still occuring abeit at a reduced rate . It refuses to allow any gameplay at all . E-mail service in now sporadic at best . Custumer service is zilch after many e-mails . My advice to try any other product other than Safeworld .
 It did stop ad pop-ups . It also made ten times as many with the `` debug '' , `` run time errors '' and other eror messages that it caused . The `` form filler '' pop up is annoying and the start up pop-up interferes with my wi-fi and my gprs start-up . I ran it for a day and nuked it off my system . Avoid this piece of junk at all costs .
 I installed this program and it is continuously trying to activate my dial up connection even after registering the product . I am also having no success updating the virus definition files . Safeworld has a patch , so obviously there is a problem , although they do not make the patch easily available . The email support is slow -LRB- still waiting after 4 days -RRB- . Now they want me to go into my registry and add a line . I should not have to do this . This can be quite dangerous for novice users .
 I bought this because it distinctly stated in the description that the program was compatible with the Vista OS only to be disappointed to discover that it is not . Only Comics Creator 2 is . What a rip-off . Do n't buy this if you have Vista or you 're hosed .
 My son is really in to making a comic book and his favorite comic characters are Marvel . I thought this would be great for him , but it is very hard to use and very , very limited in the use of the Marvel characters . You only get one limited group of templates . For instance , Spiderman leaping from a building and no other frames of him . Kind of hard to create a spiderman comic with on pose ! I am seriously looking in to getting my money back.Marvel Heroes Comic Book Creator
 That 's not good for software . I have spent the last hour looking at this . The quality is that of pre-internet days . It 's unintuitive , difficult to navigate , and cumbersome . Avoid .
 Do not buy this or any Cosmi or Starshine software . It installs Spyware on your computer and it will take an expert to get rid of it . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 My very first DVD I had problems . The program recorded only the menu and trailers for an anime film . In asking for help in this matter , my response from 321 studios ? ... `` If you have purchased the software from a retailer you are subject to their return policy . Thank You . `` Yeah , nice computer generated response . I recommend spend your hard earned money somewhere else .
 This is an item I would stay as far away from as possible . Do n't even think about purchasing it ! I did , and regret it . It is difficult to install properly and get to work properly . You can only install it a few times and then you have nothing but a box and a useless cd cover .
 The DVD you make wo n't play in ALL DVD players like the one you buy . I made a copy of the Godfather to watch with friends . I tested it on my DVD player and it worked . I took it to some friends ' house and it would n't play in their player . What good is a DVD if it wo n't play in DVD players like any other DVD ? Calling this a back up copy is claiming something it is n't . If it wo n't play like the original , then what good is it ? Also , it takes two DVDs to make a DVD of ONE movie . Who wants to get up and switch the DVD every time you are getting into the story ? This software is not worth the price . Wait until they come up with one that will work on ALL DVD players . It does n't make any sense that they would n't . The ORIGINAL you are copying will play on all of them ... why not the copy ?
 I bought a pre-issue version of `` DVD X Copy '' , as of now I would n't advise anyone to buy this product . It is not supported on a Windows 98 platform . Every time I try to backup a DVD the computer locks up . Product support is not there for any kind of help at all . When I asked for help the only answer I got back , was to post my problem in their chat room and maybe there would get back to me . All I can say is LET THE BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 Software would not recognize blank disc in drive during phase 2 of the copying process . Had to call tech support at 6:00 AM on a weekend to get someone on the phone and had to wait 30 + min before someone picked up . First time I called they had me disable all startup programs , but that did not work and they hung up with me before I could reboot to verify what they had me do actually worked . Called a 2nd time the following weekend and they had me select a different burn engine by first downloading a trial version of Nero 6 -LRB- apparently DVDXCOPY can use Neros burn engine , guess I should have bought Nero -RRB- . In the meantime , each time I tried to burn a DVD but was n't able to I had to start the copy process all over because the copy ca n't be save on your hard drive allowing the user to pick up where they left off when copying is disrupted . Once you abort step 2 of the copy process you loose access to the temporary file stored on your hard drive.Was eventually able to burn a disc with DVDXCOPY using the Nero engine but ca n't get it to play for more than 2 min before an error message comes up that the disc can not be read . Have n't called tech support with this one , I 've decided to throw the towel in instead . If you are set on buying DVD copy software I strongly suggest you consider another company 's software .
 I purchased this product based on a number of positive reviews I 'd read on this -LRB- and other -RRB- boards . After using this product for a couple of weeks , I am inclined to agree with another reviewer who stated that these positive reviews must have been posted by 321 employees.I have yet to make a single working DVD copy with this piece of junk ! -LRB- And do n't tell me about system requirements ... I have the software installed on a machine with more than enough horsepower -RRB- . A few examples of some of the many issues : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The program ca n't decide whether it recognizes my DVD burner . Sometimes it does ; sometimes it does n't . Even when every other application can access it just fine . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The initial process of first creating the DVD image on the hard drive completes error-free about two-thirds of the time . The other times I get an error message , and the application either gets hung , or shuts itself down altogether . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The actual copy process has NEVER actually finished . Sometimes it gets hung during early in the process . Other times it bombs out toward the very end . This is particularly frustrating when you 've just invested over an hour of your time waiting for the copy to finish . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Forget tech support , and definitely forget finding anything useful in an instruction manual or online help screen.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 If you really want an exact copy , try CloneDVD . DVDXcopy will by default put an extra track containing the warning about copy right . And you can not get rid of it . It is extremely annoying after a while . CloneDVD is as easy to use and it give you the option of keeping the menu other than dropping what you do n't need . The bottom line is , DVDXcopy works without giving you much choice .
 Just read the review about the person who contacted tech support on Saturday ? No way . 321 Studios has never responded to any of my inquiries , nor can I get ahold of their supposed tech support . Do yourself a favor . Find another product . You simply do not get the promised tech support . As for the usefulness of the product , I recommend that you carefully consider what is written in the reviews . Although I was skeptical of a company `` planting '' reviews , some of these reviews are just too glowing in their praises . My experience with 321 Studio products is that they promise quite a bit more than they actually deliver .
 I have tried numerous times to get dvd x copy to work and have had no luck . I burned a dvd and it wo n't play on my dvd player . I get error messages and I have ruined about 10 dvd blanks ... I wish I had bought dvd + rw 's to experiment with . I emailed 321 Studios and they have not replied with any help yet . I thought this software was going to be great but I am very dis appointed at this time . I hope I can get some help from 321 and get this straight .
 Here are a couple of things they do n't tell you ... If you plan on backing up your video library , plan on using 2 DVD-RW disks for every 1 movie disk you want to back up . Also there are about 10-12 software programs that have a conflict with this on your system . In my case it was Roxio 's Easy CD Creator . Tech support told me I should un-install the Roxio program so DVD X Copy could work ... Right ... After contacting 321 Studios for a refund I was told that since it was a software conflict issue on my system they would not refund my money ... . I have even left messages for Robert Moore who is the CEO of 321 Studios and have not heard a thing ... BOTTOM LINE
 I bought DVDXcopy Platinum retail box at CompUSA for -LSB- money -RSB- . take it home and install on my PC using Windows XP Pro.Intel 1.8 MHz 1gb . mem and Pioneer A06 DVD+R . Open the program try to copy the DVD movie WaterWorld , first I used the advanced to copy , it 's was seem going good for about -LSB- less money -RSB- and then free up for over 2 minutes at last it open the DVD writer and eject out ! FAILED ??? , second I try the Express just want to make copy of the movie only , and that happen same thing again !!! BAD BAD BAD !!! Lost my $ $ $ and Times plus 2 TDK DVD+R X4 blanks . Trask this DVDxCopy Platinum.I can not return to the store because the software have been open box , if you not buy this software yet ! do n't buy this DVDxcopy Platinum
 I have to say that I was impressed with the software . It worked great for making an exact copy of my DVD 's . The only problem is that it seems to have a problem finalizing the disks . If you are burning to DVD+R or DVD-R 's this is a big problem . A regular DVD player wo n't play a DVD+R or - R unless it is finalized . THe + and - RW 's work fine.After trying this software , I downloaded DVD CLoner to give it a shot , and I was impressed . It is not anything special , but if you jst want to make cpies of your DVD 's , and do n't care about the flashy software , then go with DVD Cloner . One warning though , the trial version will only burn part of the DVD , so unless you buy it first , you will waste one DVD . But other than that , it rocks 's ! I 'm not really putting down DVD X Copy , but it just did n't work for me . THey do have a 100 % money back guarantee though , so the only thing I lost was my time . No biggee !
 Little functionality . I 've learned to make backups of my dvd 's using free programs from the internet such as DVD Decrypter and IMGtool . While the program is relatively simple to use , you do n't have complete control over everything , like taking out separate audio or video streams in order to fit everything on 1 disc . It seems to me like 321 Studios just didnt try hard enough , and it can be extremely frustrating when the program tells you that you have to make a second dvd disc to include a 5 minute special feature . If you 're new to making dvd backups , this is a great choice . But if you want to make a serious backup of your dvd for free , there 's better programs out there that wont cost you a penny . -LRB- many dvd backup programs and guides are available at digital-digest . com -RRB-
 Did not work at all on my system . After reading DVD to hard drive , program would not continue -LRB- Drive is not ready -RRB- . Using `` standard '' equipment -LRB- Sony DRX-500UL with Compaq Laptop 1.8 GHz , 512 MB RAM , 40 GB HD , WinXP -RRB- . After a whole weekend of trying everything I could think of I decided to contact the company.No support from 321 Studios . No answer to my email . Live Technical Support can never be reached.I 'm sure its a great product if it works on your system , if not , do n't expect any help from the makers of the program .
 Hi all-321 tech support was ZERO help so now I am going to try to see if someone out there can help me-I have a brand new Dell 8250 that came installed with 4x DVD+R / RW CDRW combo drive-The computer works great-I had no problem installing the software-When I stick in the origional disk to get it copied it works fine and takes about ten minutes-It reads it well as I can see by the title of the movie coming up on the screen-It then prompts me to enter a wrightable disk-I am trying use brand new TDK+R disks to copy on-But when I insert the disk an error message pops up `` Please insert a wrightable disk '' What the hell does that mean ? I just did !!!! Can anyone help offer some solutions ? Thanks so much in advance
 While this product worked like a dream for about a month , it suddenly stopped . After being bounced around for hours in tech support I lost all patience and the software is now in the dump.Tech support even required me to call an non-tollfree number to get more help & cut me off when I asked to speak to a supervisor.What a waste of money!The worst possible tech support you can imagine!Buy from another manufacturer ! 321 Studios bites !
 Despite their promise of easy to use and can back up copy of your owned DVD so far I can not make one single copy using this product . The help and FAQ on the 321 website do n't help any . I try to email their support twice and got no response .
 I purchased dvdxcopy and dvdxcopy express . I have a Dell 8250 PC . Both programs do not work properly . 321 studio never reponded to my call.I will recommend not to buy a program from 321 studios .
 I purchased the program and had problems with it right away . After a lengthy wait tech support said what I bought was slightly out of date and I needed to download a newer version . That wo n't run either , lacking patience I have placed it in my circular file .
 I do not knoew how other users could easily use this software , but for me , it is nightmare . I tried on 2 Verbatim DVD+R , failure rate 100 % I carefully read the instructions before using it , it simply failed each time . giving wierd error like time out ... I gave two thumbs down to this software
 Well ... . Reading these reviews , it seems that customers either love this product or hate it.Some of the positive reviews site `` answers '' to some of the poor reviews . Some refer to the program requirements -LRB- inferring that the other customer was n't following them -RRB- . Still other reviews refer to unannounced product upgrades ??? My own poor experience with this product and these suspicious reviews , lead me to suspect that these positive reviews were created by the `` 321 Studios '' company employees in order to keep sales up.Don ' t be fooled .
 This is quite reliable if the DVD you want to back up is a DVD-5 -LRB- single layer -RRB- , but most DVDs nowadays are not . You have to use nero to actually write the data to your writable disc , which works OK for disc 1 , but for disc 2 , its almost impossible and rarely works . You get a `` compilation will not write '' message.What 's worse , there is basically no live service at all . Your only option is to ask a question by posting it on the dvdxcopy website forum . What a joke . Of course , the mods there are quick to delete questions which reveal/indicate the extent to which this program fails to deliver -LRB- i.e. see above -RRB- .321 studios needs to get their act in shape and fix this problem with an update immediately . However , I doubt they will do this . This program is a waste of time and -LSB- $ -RSB- .
 I have Windows XP , 2 ghz processor , and ALL the other `` requirements '' . This product keeps burning half way thru and stopping -LRB- wasting a DVD-R blank -RRB- . This has happened 5-6 times at $ ... a pop for the blank . -LRB- Yes , I 've tried several different types/makes of blanks . -RRB- Company support is missing , a few customer funded user support web sites state MULTIPLE likely/possible software conflicts with Roxio CD burner , McAffe virus protection , and the list goes on , and on , and on ... These sites also indicate that this product may not work on specific makes of DVD burners . Although they are the same general type of DVD burners -LRB- - R / - WR / + R / + WR -RRB- listed on the box as supported.These sites also state sensitivity to the make -LRB- company maker -RRB- of DVD blank as a possible reason for the wasted DVDs ... . come on , give me a break!Don ' t make the same mistake that I did !!!
 As an IT professional , I 'm a bit embarrassed that I can not get this software to work . I have a brand spankin ' new super PC and can not get this software to work . I 'm sure it is great for those who can get it to work , it sounds like there are many . However , be forewarned that if you are one of the unlucky ones , like me , who can not get it to work , be prepared to surf through pages and pages of support forum entries and other web sources that resemble your problem but are not identical . The biggest disappointment with the software is that there is NO tech support . I repeat , there is NO tech support . 321 Studios claims that it offers tech support , it does not . The email support is either unattended or they just simply do not respond . The phone number connects you with an automated troubleshooting system.On the other hand , DVD XCopy Express works great . However , it only copies the movie , no menus , extras , etc. .
 This program was reccommended to me as one of the best out there , by someone who knew his stuff . However , when I brought it home and installed the drivers , my computer -LRB- Sony Vaio on XP -RRB- suddenly forgot it had a DVD-RW drive . It took me a lot of time online and troubleshooting to even get my DVD drive working again , and I have yet to figure out how , if at all , I can actually get the program to work with my system.Summary : Great program , but make sure it 's gon na like your system setup , and be willing to spend some time with the experts if it does n't .
 I couldnt wait to get this product , and now wish I hadnt !!! The product is HORRIBLE !!! It actually took a DVD+RW and ruined it so I cant even erase it !!! The movies it claims it copies simply do not work , not in the computer , not in my DVD player ! If you are even thinking about getting this piece of junk , go over to the website and reaf through their message forms ... nothing but complaints !!!
 It works some of the time . I wish I could have purchased it for some of the price . Save your money and just wait until this technology improves a bit .
 I purchased this product mainly to copy some of my daughter 's dvds so that we could take copies on the road with us and protect the originals . I 've tried to create about 10 dvds with this software and so far I have one good copy and 10 wasted disks . The software reads the original dvd and then after it starts burning the copy , I get a little window that says `` Burn failed '' . Of course , then I get a window that says `` Burn Successful . '' The dvd has no movie on it and the only data I can detect is the movie title information.I tried downloading the update from the 321 site and -LRB- after two tries and a download speed of only 9 kb/sec -RRB- the update locked up my system completely . I had to resort to my system restore feature to get my system back . There are no settings to adjust in the program try to resolve the issue.This software is great if you have a lot of fine furniture you 'd like to protect from beverage rings , otherwise I 'd look elsewhere . I am.My hardware is a Dell 8300 , 3.06 P4 , 1 Gig RAM .
 I received this product and it would not work . 321 STUDIOS support now tells me that their product will not work with my TDK DVD burner but they are working on the problem . I had to call support on my nickel to learn this.AMAZON will not let me return the software because the package has been opened.I will give 321 STUDIOS and AMAZON a -10 star rating.Email me for details if you want . romans@ispwest.com
 Okay product for some dvd copies . But if you have to use 2 dvd disc for one real dvd movie . Then no way . And the real ripoff part is the company does n't upgrade after a certain vetsion . That means you 'll have to buy a whole new version just to get the little tweak they added . ... Plus there are programs on the internet that can do the same thing free . Should cost under ... -LSB- undisclosed dollar amount -RSB- since the customer has to keep buying every new version .
 The software loads easily and does not have any problems with Windows XP Pro . The Sony DVD+RW drive is easily accessed and the program is simple to use . This software makes a copy of your DVD that will easily play on a computer DVD player . As for using it on a standard DVD player , do n't bet on it ! I have tried it on 8 different machines that will play DVD+R and + RW and it does not work . You get a very jerky playback that is not usable.The free upgrade from 321 is of no use as much of the features that might help are disabled -LRB- future product -RRB- . Finally , be ready for an `` IN YOUR FACE '' message about how this is only a backup and to respect the rights of the copyright owner.Web support for this product is non-existent and phone support is not much better . E-mail will get a response , but ususally one that suggests you buy a different Burner , Different Player or/and different media.If you are just looking to copy the material to take on a plane and use on your laptop , this is great ! If you want to use it on a DVD player in your hotel , forget it .
 I bought version 1.5 and used it on my new Dell for 2-3 days and it worked like a charm . Then it started giving me errors every time , sometimes after only a few minutes . I tried the Nero option and the disks work on my computer but not on my DVD player . Wait until the bugs are fixed .
 A little known fact
 If you like a challenge , then buy this software . I bought this package because I thought it would be an easy , straightforward way to create some business cards and letterhead . Instead , I spent several stressful hours trying to figure out how to use the features.Creating the business card was no problem . You have the option of creating one from scratch or using one of several templates . I chose a template , inserted a graphic , and printed it out . That was easy.Trying to create letterhead and an envelope was a nightmare . Once I figured out how to edit and format , I got it worked out . The Help section was not that helpful , so it took a lot of time and frustration . Then , when I printed the letterhead out , I was disappointed by the cheesy look , even when I selected the highest quality for my printer.Another feature they have is a template set , where you can choose a preset design for all your stationery . I selected one and printed out the business cards . Everything came out garbled . I gave up at that point.This program has some good potential , but there are a lot of bugs that need to be worked out . Not recommended .
 I had this when I was in school . I might have had the very first version ! It was great FOR THE TIME.So now I have my own kids and I could only IMAGINE what `` improvements '' they 've added in the last 20 + years!In today 's world , programs and video games have artificial intelligence , high definition graphics , movies , and so much more!So color me a LITTLE SHOCKED that this was running on what appeared to be CGA graphics -LRB- as in , the original IBM PC -RRB- . Seriously , I believe to run , the program changed my resolution to 320x240 ? -LRB- half of your pre-digital TVs -RRB- , when most new computers today run in 1024x768 ? We 're talking 16 bit . -LRB- today 's PC are 64 bit -RRB- Furthermore , the lessons and `` games '' were NOT any different / better than the very first version ! What 's up with that?I would have given it only 1 star BUT
 Speed your read works fine on my older Windows XP Pentium 4 computer . I expected the same performance on my new Windows 7 machine . Despite a core 2 quad 2.83 Ghz processor and 6GB of DDR3 memory , SYR has major timing issues running on my Windows 7 professional computer . At 169 words a minute , the program should finish a 1493 word essay in just under 9 minutes . However , SYR took 29 minutes and 22 seconds to finish the 1493 word essay under Windows 7 . The timing starts out normally but slows to a crawl the further you progress into the essay.On my Windows XP computer , the same essay took 9 minutes and 20 secs at 168 words per minute . So there is a timing problem , and I emailed SYR support about it several months ago . I 'd like to tell you that someone from support wrote back , but they have n't . So if you only have Windows 7 , forget about this program.As a side note , the program plays an annoying ticking sound every time a word is displayed . There 's no option to disable the ticking sound short of muting your speakers - bummer . Funny , I never heard a ticking sound while reading a book before SYR . Not sure how the ticking will help while reading a book after SYR .
 This program did not work with windows 7 . Had to return . Still waiting for reimbursement from the shipper two weeks later .
 If you want Crystal Reports 9.0 Pro in Spanish , then this is for you . My customer ordered this from a link on my website and got the Spanish version . It says FULL SPANISH at the bottom of the page , otherwise there is no way to know that.Amazon does n't appear to have an English version of Crystal 9.0 Professional for sale . This is very misleading . I 'd give this 4 stars if it were in English , but I ca n't use it in Spanish . Where 's the English version ? ...
 The user interface is typical Mac - very good . The software as a drafting tool is unsatisfactory . The ability to locate objects with respect to other objects is not supported . The most important snaps are not supported . You ca n't draw a line from a snapped to point because the software only supports the snap function for second and subsequent points . You ca n't snap to the intersection of two lines etc etc.This software looks pretty when you start it up but is wholly inadequate to do any precision drawing . You ca n't even draw two circles with the same center point !
 The Mac Draft I received in the mail is labeled version 5.6 , but the program is a 2.5 at best . Maybe when they get to version 11.2 MacDraft will have it together.This version is 5.6 Professional and overall is hard to work with . Templates are timely to make and do not save or duplicate themselves in a window . Changing scale can only be done in the beginning of the drawing , pages appear in the open window and cant be deleted from view . There is no library with the program.I downloaded the trial demo version and expected the full version to have improvements and many more features . The full version adds only the print and save function . I would say its worth about $ 150.00 full retail -LRB- list is $ 350.00 ish -RRB- . I am going to send for the paperback manual , but if its anything like the PDF included in the software package its better left as a tree in some forgotten forest no one will ever hear fall.Have had the program for a 3 weeks and have completed some shop drawings . Overall seems a bit limited for a pro-grade label . Catchy price tag though .
 Wow , what a poor excuse for a layout or drafting program ! I could do better with a ruler and a pencil -LRB- at least the pencil has an eraser -RRB- . Please stayaway from this program . It 's no wonder none of the three Apple stores in myarea had one on the shelf . Have you ever used Visio or Google Sketchup?Well , then what was I thinking , this is so 1980 's software programming.Zero ability to drop anything into a drawing , Doorways , Windows , Cabinets , Plumbing , Electrical appliances , Furniture ... Forget It ! It 's not there!Oh , and do n't be fooled by their symbols upgrades ; Street signs & Bushes cut out of a 1968 textbook !!!!!!! You have to draw everything from scratch ! And for $ 300 that 's a RIPOFF!I was in a hurry and I choose poorly , do n't you do the same.UPDATE 8/2/08 Read Linda Sniffen 's review again ... Employee or distributor of Microspot 's Macdraft ?? You be the judge ... !
 Go to
 Picasa 1.5.1 is a delightfully easy-to-use and inexpensive program that seems to have been developed for beginners who want to manage a limited set of digital photographs . Intermediate users and people with many photographs -LRB- that is the point of using an image manager , is n't it ? -RRB- may quickly outgrow the program due to Picasa 's limited metadata handling capabilities , which hurts the program in two ways . . -LSB- Picture metadata -LRB- data about pictures -RRB- are the stuff that allows one to preserve information such as the original date and time of a picture , as well as caption text -LRB- so one can recall everyone in a picture or the context of the picture , ten or twenty years later -RRB- , inside the picture itself . -RSB- Picasa can read some EXIF metadata -LRB- the standard used by digital cameras -RRB- , but has no facility to edit or add to the picture metadata . A consequence is that people who want to scan and organize their shoeboxes of old photographs and film negatives may find Picasa 's timeline-based organization useless , unless they resort to an external tool -LRB- such as Exifer -RRB- to timestamp their scanned pictures . This is ironic , since Picasa uses EXIF time information to sort pictures . Picasa does not support IPTC and XMP metadata.While Picasa allows descriptive text to be attached to album titles , the program does not allow caption text to be attached to individual pictures . Instead , Picasa relies on a clunky keyword system for photographs . The keywords are not visible either in thumbnail preview or picture view modes . The user must press < Ctrl > < K > or click on the Keyword button in the lower left of the screen to view or edit keywords . The keywords are not embedded into the picture , but are separately stored by the program . Anyone with whom you share your pictures will have to enter their own keywords in their own image management software . While keywords optimize Picasa 's search functions , keywords do not convey the photographer 's comments about the content and context of a picture as well as caption text.Picasa is a good program for beginners , with potential to become a great program for everyone else in future releases .
 If languages like Spanish and French are included in the STANDARD MS Word dictionary , a common language like GERMAN should be included as well . Why do I have to pay extra -LRB- $ 79.95 LIST -RRB- for an overly comprehensive dictionary that includes every obscure language , script , and dialect in the world to get a single common language like German ? This sems discriminatory!Overall MS `` Proofing Tools '' seems to be a good package , but I feel GOUGED at what I have to pay to get a single additional COMMON language . It would be better if only English was standard in MS Word and if , with each Word license , a buyer could get a free download of one or two common languages of the buyer 's choice .
 This is not a great product for Arabic . Microsoft brags that its `` Translation Dictionary '' for Arabic , included in the software , includes a database of 450,000 words culled from all the major dictionaries out there . But if you try to enter in a semantic grouping of two or more words , such as a verb plus a preposition , you usually get `` no entry found . '' This problem also applies to words that are inflected in any way . Also , the voweling is not included . No voweling , inflections , or verbal phrases !?! DO NOT BUY THIS for Arabic , EVEN if it is your only choice ... I am bilingual in Chinese . In all fairness , the conversion tools for characters are useful , but as for the dictionary , the Taiwanese Ministry of Education , Dr. Eye and Jinshanci offer FREE dictionaries that are more useful than this costly one by Microsoft . If you are from Microsoft
 spell check is good ; however , the grammar check is quite poor . There seems to be some problem with the article and adjective check . It rarely offers the correct correction for either .
 Dear Microsoft Word Customers , As of late , this product has not been meeting customer expectations . The paper clip icon in the Microsoft Office programs is not adequately performing the duties that Microsoft has bestowed upon it . I feel that the paper clip has simply grown obnoxious , and most users - myself included - feel no deep personal connection to this figure . However , the gravity of this problem is nothing in comparison to the horrifying lack of any sort of a ninja icon in Microsoft Word . If Microsoft were to switch to a ninja icon instead of that foolish paper clip , not only would consumers be more excited about using Microsoft Office , we would also be more willing to take advice on grammar , formal writing , and spelling from this lovable , wise , rambunctious , well-endowed , and family-friendly character.Instead , we are reduced to taking grammar suggestions from a bouncy , awkwardly cheerful piece of aluminum . What a disgrace .
 UPDATE to review , 2/12/13
 I am writing with reference to Office 2003 Standard in both Upgrade and Full -LRB- non upgrade -RRB- versions.The upgrade CD would not accept the 25 alpha numeric ` product ID ' key . It would take 4 characters then jump to the next box . It would not allow you to return to the previous box and back fill the missing letter or number . In short , you could not ever enter the correct product ID . I ca n't say more about this version as I could not get past this point.The Full -LRB- non upgrade -RRB- version seemed more stable . It accepted the ` product ID ' key at least but that is where the problems began.The first problem I had was that in PowerPoint there was no preview . Sure enough , less than 30 days out and there was a critical upgrade to fix this problem.I went to the Microsoft Update page to download it . It failed several times . I then contacted Microsoft Technical support . This is a known problem and you must download -LRB- at least for now -RRB- all updated to your local hard drive and install from there . If they do n't solve this problem , its going to be a major problem when there are more than a few updates for Office 2003 available.I also started to receive ` run time error messages ' when I used Microsoft Internet Explorer . Microsoft technical support says this is not an Office 2003 issue , but an Operating System issue . Sure it is ! I did not have this problem before I installed Office 2003 . The resolution was to disable all Third Party devices -LRB- such as the Google tool bar -RRB- , and remove some other things as well.The new Outlook interface looks great , but what good is a great looking interface if it does not work?For some reason , email sent using Outlook 2003 is identified as ` Spam ' by several spam filtering programs , including Spam Assassin . I found this out when some people I was sending email to did not reply . I telephoned one of them and said they had not received any email form me . They then checked and found it in the ` spam ' folder . Here is the error message that Outlook 2003 generated : > Content analysis details
 You need to get out more . Just the fact that you are looking at this page and are thinking of upgrading your Microsoft Office makes it clear that you have a problem . Do n't believe the Microsoft advertisement featuring dinosaurs to announce `` Microsoft Office Has Evolved . '' It has n't . This is a mature product . It does n't matter if you use Office 1997 , 2000 or 2003 . They are all the same . The good , the bad and the ugly . It is all still here . Maybe a few bugs have been fixed . Most have n't , and ther are always new bugs . If Microsoft took the time to really improve the software , that would be one thing . But they do n't . Here is an example . You are in Outlook . You call up a contact and want to send that person a letter . You need to print an envelope , but there is no command to do so . There is no button to click . You ca n't right click anywhere to print an envelope . I am not making this up . Outlook has been out for almost ten years and multiple upgrades , and Microsoft still has n't gotten around to implementing functionality to print a single envelope . Your only option -LRB- the on-line support confirms this -RRB- is to perform a mail merge . This is an elaborate process that is designed for printing thousands of envelopes for a bulk mailing . It involves opening multiple windows and setting all sorts of settings . You have to go through the ENTIRE PROCESS just to print a single envelope ! What is more , the mail merge feature has bugs in it . It leaves blank lines in addresses that look atrocious , and it drops country names from addresses . It gives you options as to how you want country names treaed in addresses , but these all do nothing . Whatever option you select , Outlook leaves countries out of addresses when it prints envelopes.I could go on , but I wo n't . If you are using Office 2000 or even Office 1997 , you are n't missing out on anything . There is absolutely no reason to shell out $ 400 for new software that does all the same things in all the same ways with mostly the same bugs .
 Before you donate your hard-earned money yet again to Bill Gates ' ` Feed the Multi-Billionaire Fund ' , do yourself and the world a favor and search for ` Star Office 8 ' on Amazon and read the reviews there . I use MS Office Professional 2003 in the office , and just can not believe how badly so many businesses and individuals are being ripped off by Microsoft for this BLOAT-ware . Star Office 8 is under $ 50 from Amazon and is fully compatible with Microsoft Office , and includes full functionalities of MS Word , Excel , Powerpoint , Visio , and Access . Let me know what MS software I can buy under $ 100 , let alone $ 50 . Hopefully , this is the beginning of the end of the Microsoft Monopoly , and the dawning of the Era of Sanity in computer software .
 Disappointed to find out that you can not upgrade Visio 2003 standard edition with this product . You have to have an `` older `` version of Visio 2000 or 2002 . Why Microsoft does n't allow thisupgrade is makes no sense but at $ 200 for the standard version and $ 250 for the professional uograde and now another $ 429 for the full professional version , I guess it does make cents afterall
 I just purchased this thinking that `` of course I can upgrade to Visio 2003 Pro from Visio 2003 Standard '' . Nope . This is just plain silly . I still am trying to figure out if I can even upgrade my Visio * 2003 * Standard version to Professional .
 Not worth one star.This is undoubtedly the worst instruction manual I have ever seen . A book would be light years faster than this monster . If you enter a search word it takes absolutely forever searching through the disk.Then you find inane statements.I loaded the entire CD onto my hard disk and that is not much an improvement . Why it is even marketed ?
 Do n't waste your time with this one . All it does is read out loud the instructions already written on the screen . There 's no explanation given for the important decisions it asks you to make . -LRB- i.e. fiscal year vs. calendar year , examples of how a catagory might be used -RRB-
 PowerQuest DriveImage 2000 was a decent disk image backup program . It helped me recover from crashes several times , and I was able to clone my boot drive on a new computer with it . Also , the file editor allows you to pick out individual files to recover -- great if you accidentally delete something . Given the usefulness of its predecessor , I had high hopes for version 7.0 . Regrettably , DI 7.0 is not a reliable product . It has some very nice features , such as -LRB- allegedly -RRB- better Windows integration than the previous version , but it seems more than a bit buggy.First of all , DI 7 _ does _ work on 2 of the 3 PCs I `` administer '' at my home . One of these is an older P3 box with a couple of IDE drives , the other is a Shuttle with a P4 Celeron and 1 100G SATA drive . However , DI does _ not _ work on my main PC -- a 2400mhz P4 with 2 SATA drives and 2 IDE drives . The problem is that DI refuses to recognize my boot drive -- the one I really need to back up . I 've corresponded with PowerQuest about this , and all they would say is that they do not support SATA and can not say when or if they ever will.There are some other issues -- the V2i service complains about `` missing '' disks when Windows starts up , and the GUI windows behave strangely , making the product difficult to use.I really wish PQ would get their act together -- this _ could _ be a really good backup option . I would expect defects like this in beta software -- it 's not right to release it in this condition , and provide no recourse for customers . As another reviewer noted , PQ does not have a `` satisfaction guaranteed or your money back '' policy -- it 's more like `` We 've got your money , so sod off ! '' Caveat emptor .
 Drive Image 7 is potentially excellent software with at least two absolutely show-stopping bugs that make it impossible for me to recommend .1 . Under some circumstances , DI7 makes an un-readable backup . Attempt to open your backup in the Backup Image Browser -LRB- DI7 's image reader -RRB- and get the message `` Invalid Backup Format . '' This situation does not become obvious until you attempt to read your backup , something you normally do n't do until you try to restore information you thought you had backed up . The knowledge base articles for the error indicate that turning on a backup verification switch in the software will cause the backups to be unreadable . The solution they recommend is to make another backup with the switch turned off . Obviously this is not an option unless you know about the problem before you need to use the backup .2 . If DI7 encounters an error during a regularly scheduled backup , it aborts the backup and remains silent . The only way to know that something has gone wrong is to look at the date of the last backup image , or to view the log information buried deep in the DI7 console . Errors that abort the backup occur more often than you might think . One common scenario is to run out of storage space on the target volume . What this means is that a periodic backup that has been working for a while can one day stop working , and Drive Image 7 will never tell you that this has happened . For a product that sells itself on convenient peace-of-mind , this is unacceptable .3 . Symantic tech support is non-responsive . I have waited more than a month for a response to my questions about the Invalid Backup Format problem . I have received nothing but an automated acknowledgement that I submitted the question.Based on these fundamental problems , I can not recommend the regular use of this software .
 I purchased DI 7 because of the accolades it supposedly received . I knew I was going to need it since I was going to be getting a new hard drive for my failing hard-drive in my Dell laptop . At first , I was impressed how easy it was to backup my C : / drive from my laptop to an external firewire hard drive . I even tested the Recovery Environment as it suggested , and that seemed to work without a hitch.Then the day came that I replaced my old hard drive with a new hard drive . I started out doing a bare metal recovery as it touts it can do effortlessly ... . It did n't work . It gave me an error that my hard drive was not readable . So , I thought , I could just reinstall XP and then restore everything after I had the basic OS up and running . I tried it that way , and same result . Nothing.I consider myself an advanced computer user ... . I know how to partition , reformat drives , etc etc. ... All I wanted was an application that would make my life easier as the software said it would . It turns out I wasted $ 69.00 on this usless software . I guess I 'll keep looking for another drive imaging application , because Drive Image 7 is n't worth squat . Good luck .
 First let me say I have used the Drive Image product for a number of years -LRB- since version 2 I believe -RRB- . It has been a great program and has saved me countless hours when I have experienced hard drive failures and loaded software that corrupted my machine . It is highly recommended , but beware of version 7 . There is a bug out there in version 7 waiting for Windows XP users . I received my version 7 . Upon loading I promptly received an error message when requested to reboot that I had an unmountable drive . I tried to use normal `` last good confirguration '' . Na da . Basically , I had to rebuild my operating system to save my data and then used Drive Image 2002 -LRB- version 6 -RRB- to reimage my system . It was not pretty , but it worked . When I informed the folks who produce Drive Image -LRB- Powerquest -RRB- I was told after two weeks that my problem had been encountered by others and that they were working on a patch . Last time I checked the problem and the patch still were unloaded . I can not afford to have a machine that is not backed up completely . I live in Florida the lightening capital of the world . Powerquest did refund my money and I have gone back to using version 6 with my Windows XP operating system.FYI - Version 6 comes bundled with Version 7 . I wonder why . So ... if your are upgrading from version 6 to 7 beware . If you do n't have version 6 or 7 you ca n't lose . One is sure to work for you . Again , basically a great program , better than Norton Ghost .
 I ignored the warnings of others that I read here and ordered this . The Drive Image 7 product that I received from the Amazon.com seller had a big problem -LRB- old version perhaps ? -RRB- . It created drive backups OK but when I tried to boot the product disk to load the `` Power Quest Recovery Environment '' to do a system restore it failed solid with TXTSETUP.OEM error 18 . Turns out that the product disk was burned with a directory that had its name truncated on the CDROM . Unbeliveable but true.After editting a copy of the disk 's image to correct things , and reburning it I have it working , but I now no longer feel I can trust this product to do the backup tasks that I bought it for.Symantec web site wants money before helping you , so forget that option your all on your own .
 I have used various versions of Drive Image for 4 years . All have had problems but version 7 has more problems than previous versions . I have encountered a number of the problems I have seen mentioned here . I just put on the upgrade to 7.3 -LRB- on a very stable Windows 2000 system -RRB- , hoping it would fix some of the problems , and it instantly crashed my system and made my system unbootable !!! What an atrocious disgrace . And now that Symantec -LRB- Norton -RRB- has taken over the product and its support , there is virtually no support or help . The support on the web site is terribly lacking and almost useless . The error messages the product gives are often undocumented.Particularly bad , as mentioned by someone else , is that DI can create a backup image and say it is successful . But when it later views the image it says the image is invalid . That 's as bad as it gets with backup software . The reason I still use Drive Image -LRB- I am back to using DI 5 as it is less error-prone than DI 7 -RRB- is that I have had even bigger problems with Norton Ghost . I wish there was a good and reliable software product for making image backups , but have n't found one yet .
 I 've used the predecessor of this product -- DriveImage 2000 , and had pretty good luck with it . In fact , it has saved my bacon more than once . DI 2000 had its problems though -- for example , I could never make it work by scheduling a backup from Windows 2000 and then rebooting , though the documentation -LRB- and their support people -RRB- said this should work . I always had to boot DI from floppies to make disk backups . So I bought the new Drive Image 7.0 , figuring that PowerQuest was bound to get it right this time around . I was wrong.PowerQuest cleaned up the interface nicely , and it does look glitzy . It probably works pretty well too , like its predecessor , though I have n't been able to try it out myself . You see , this version has a defect I have n't found a workaround for
 This software is hazardous . I had a perfectly good working Win XP Pro , fast , high-end machine . Now I have a machine that takes forever to boot , if it boots , and has too many NEW problems to mention that all arrived with my installation of this software . All I wanted to do was upgrade my harddrive now I am forced to re-install everything and start from scratch just to get a good configuration . I have used Ghost in the past and it was simple.Not only did it kill my machine but even with my machine booted with the last known good configuration the software does not work at all . I am a Systems Analyst and I have repaired , configured , tested , installed many machines and software and in all my days I have never seen such an outright piece of trash ... well except for maybe the early days of Microsoft patches where you always made sure to back up your system first or face the consequences.Buyer beware !!!!
 PowerQuest sells you their DriveImage 7 upgrade promising you that you will be able to create a backup image of your drives on dvd.Not true in my case . I have win2k and upgraded from DI 2000 in order to have a backup of my C drive on one or two dvds instead of a dozen Cds , but ... If I backup the drive -LRB- 10 GB , standard compression -RRB- on a hard disk , it takes about 7 minutes . On dvd
 I recently purchased and external CD writer for the purpose of creating an `` image '' of my c drive in case of catastrophe recovery . About a year ago I got a computer virus and while I was able to get the computer up and running , reloading all of the software , network info , print drivers etc took at least a day . A friend recommended Ghost but I chose Powerquest because it indicates that you can write directly to an external CD writer . You can but only if you have the latest version of windows . Unfortunately the instructions do not clearly indicate that . So after several attemps to save my image to CD , I finally called tech support only to find that it will not work with WIN98 . Fortunately Amazon -LCB- . com -RCB- will let me return the software . Too bad about my wasted afternoon . I do give the company credit ... . instead of the usual half hour wait on the phone for tech support followed by hours of trying to explain the problem and getting no where , he answered right away , assessed my issue within seconds and immediately suggested I return the product - hence the 2 vs 0 rating for this product .
 This program must us Microsoft 's Framework Program it will ask to load it if you do n't have it . You then can load the Drive Image 7 program . In my case I found that at that point I needed 256 MB of Ram free for the progam to work . I have that on my Comp . But Because some of it is used in my video card I had to put in a 512 MB RAM card . When the card was put in at the comp . shop system crash . When In boot mode He found that Frame work was the problem . once it was removed the comp . worked . When I got home I found that any time I used Help I would get an error Message about framework and the same thing would happen if I tried to down load a Program . I had to goto the Microsoft Windows Update Page to load v1 .1.4322 framework just to stop the message from coming up I can remove the old frame work but if I then try to remove the new framework same error messages . Space it takes up is 37.9 MB and I do n't use the program .
 I purchased Drive Image 7.0 to backup a 160G 3 partition hard drive on Windows 2000 pro . It only sees one partition , if you run a utility program from Power Quest it thinks the end cylinder is larger than the disk , but if you look at the data , it is the end cylinder from Power Quest that does n't seem to support extended partitions larger than 137 GB . The main issue is that the Drive Image program does n't report any errors , it just sees one partition . When I called for support , they were extremely un helpful , after downloading the latest version of the SW it still does n't work . The problem is still not solved !
 Warning ! An apparent bug in DI7 prevents some . PSD and . PDF files from being restored correctly from a DI7 backup . This affects only individual file restores , rendering this option useless . Full restores -LRB- of the entire drive image -RRB- work properly . Unless this bug problem is resolved , I can not give DI7 the 5-star rating it deserves.I communicated with the PowerQuest DI7 product manager up until about 2 months ago , and then communications stopped . This may have been around the time Symantec acquired the product . I will assume that the bug is real and PowerQuest/Symantec has been unable to fix it . I am not sure why only some . PDF and . PSD files fail to restore correctly . File size does n't seem to be a factor , though more large files than small ones have failed . Not every . PDF or . PSD file fails to restore.This effectively renders DI7 to be no different than DI5 , and no better than Symantec Ghost . My advice - Do n't spend your money to upgrade to or purchase DI7 until PowerQuest/Symantec provides the necessary bug fix .
 I am using PQ products almost 5 years and agree with all previous reviewes version 7 is bad . I had problem with XP Home edition . There is no dicent support for current product . -LRB- ... -RRB- Symantec blaming PQ and PQ are diluted in the Symantec - endless loop .
 I 've used Drive Image 2002 for 18 months and was very impressed with it . So much so that when my son bought a PC loaded with XP , I insisted on getting a copy of Drive Image 7 on it straight away . Other Dads -LRB- and Mums -RRB- who want to upgrade - beware!Powerquest make a big play on DI7 's ability to perform hot backups as an improvement on DI2002 's use of DOS -LRB- meaning Windows ca n't be used during a backup -RRB- . That 's not the problem that Powerquest -LRB- and many reviewers -RRB- imply . With DI2002 , it 's easy to start a backup at the end of your day , which is a pretty sensible time to do it anyway . After the backup is complete , DI2002 can shut the PC down automatically . Those who use that trick will know that there is nothing simpler . Completely painless , reliable , ` cold ' backups ; capturing your latest work ; with no inconvenience to you -LRB- you 've gone to bed ! -RRB- . In contrast , DI7 takes hot backups - i.e. while you 're working on the PC . That 's a bigger challenge , but DI7 's fancy technology still gets a single-point snapshot of the system , even though your activity will change files between the start-time and end-time of the backup . Well that 's fine , except that the PC seems to lock-up occasionally while running a backup . I imagine that 's the clever technology working out how to deal with modified files but it IS annoying , all too similar to a dreaded system hang - albeit for only several seconds at a time.So , here 's where DI7 loses its first ` star ' - backing up your system while working is NOT as safe as after you 've finished , because -LRB- doh ! -RRB- your completed work will not be on the backup.And I 'll take off another star for the loss of the automatic shutdown facility . Now I ca n't leave the PC until the backup has finished . No more ` unattended ' backups . : - -LRB- Next on my moan list is the loss of another feature - the ability to create and resize disk partitions . I 'm not talking about multiple boot modes - just the ability to keep certain files on different logical drives , so that I can backup different types of data -LRB- on drives d : , e : , f
 PowerQuest used to provide excellent support last 5 years when I used their product . Symantec is giving us almost no support . The web site wo n't even give you instructions for activating the Drive Image 7 or Partition Magic 8 by phone correctly . What they gave you wo n't work for DI7 or PM8 . Telephone number they ask you to call for activation is always busy and tell you to call back later . We paid for the long distance charge too . After 15 or 30 days , -LRB- depends on which document you read -RRB- you are locked out of the software you paid for if you can not get through to Symantec . . Other very serious problems are revealed by other customers . Read their comments before you want to pay for the software . Also if you own more than one computers , you must purchase another license.I 'll just go back to my DI5 and PM7 for now .
 Try Drive Image 7 and did n't work . Upgraded to 7.03 the same error message.Description
 I purchased Drive Image 7.0 and installed it to my Windows XP Home edition machine . After it was installed , a message asked me to reboot the machine . It could n't boot into Windows . I was forced to reverse back to last good configuration to boot into windows . Then I found that DI7 .0 did n't work at all because a critical component -LRB- v2iprotector service -RRB- could n't be installed or the machine would not boot into windows . I tried to upgrade to DI7 .01 but no luck , still the same . Before it was rebooted , the v2iprotector service was installed but the machine would refuse to boot into windows if the service was installed . I then tried that on my Windows Pro machine and found the same problem . Norton antivirus reported an attempt to delete my hard disk boot sector . I did n't grant the permission to do that . If I did n't have Norton , my hard disk could have been deleted . What a piece of junk ! Then I tried to install it on my Windows 2000 machine anticipating a complete crash . To my surprise , it was installed without any problem . However , when I tried to create an image on CD using the highly compressed format , it did n't work . The program created three CDs for my 3GB data on a hard disk . However , when I tried to restore my hard disk using the CDs , the program could not see the backup file . I had to use a portable external hard drive to do the image again . This time it worked perfectly
 I bought Drive Image 7.0 when it first became available in July 93 . I did not attempt to install until mid-October due to travel and work . First few attempts to install were un-successful . Could never get the program to start up after install . Removed , re-installed many times , with no luck . Complained to PowerQuest , they sent the upgrade 7.01 disk free except for shipping charges . Replacement disk arrived with a crack across one side . Reordered , paid 7.95 shipping again . Still no luck on getting it to run . I requested another disk , again for a fee since the disk I received did not have version 7.01 anwhere on the disk or sleeve and there was no way to tell if it was 7.01 since I could never get an opening screen . Third disk did have 7.01 on the disk sleeve but the CD does not show anything other than 7.0 , on any of the copies . Same story , installed o.k but will not run . No support from my last email request to support over two weeks ago . I provided all the error codes , etc. . They did not even acknowledge the email . Up until the last email , they always acknowledged . None of the error codes I received , nor the FAQ 's or other database codes even listed the codes or problem I was having . I have loaded , removed , reloaded DI7 , many times . I have also removed/reloaded . NET Framework , upgraded that , disabled all start up programs , except Norton Internet Security and made at least 50 reboots plus hours of wasted time . I did not remove Norton Internet Security , although it was disabled on during all my installs and attempts to run the DI program . Reinstalling NIS is not a problem but getting updates downloaded requires a lot of time . Not removing NIS may have actually saved me from a hard disk wipe out based on the reviews I have read which mentions disk wipe outs and having to reload WinXP and all programs again.The only thing that works with DI 7 on my computer is the CD will boot my computer , nothing locks up during installs or attempts to run . All I get is an error message stating
 I first purchased Drive Image 6 a couple of years ago and when it failed to perform safe image copies Powerquest convinced me to upgrade to Version 2002 . It has been more frustrating than V6 . They make many claims but the features they promise do n't always work . Backing up across a network is impossible , and accessing images after creation is not guaranteed.I made a backup of an XP machine prior to upgrading from Home to Professional , and when I encountered problems with the upgrade I could n't open the backup image file . Their Knowledgebase is pathetic and does n't even list the 2002 version as a choice . If you want reliability and good support , do n't buy from Powerquest - you will be disappointed . They claim to safeguard your data but the program is unreliable so how safe is that?I wish I could give it a zero , but the lowest rating here is 1 star - but to me it is a real zero .
 So you have lost some data due to hard drive failure or accidentally messing something up . That was me 10 months ago.I started my `` PowerQuest '' for backup software . TahDah ! Powerquest Drive Image 7 , from a reputable online retailer . I read all the reviews and although hesitant plunked my $ 70 bucks down and got it . After reading all the info I could based on the amazon reviews here and the symantec support website , I proceded to install . All went well and I updated to the latest patch and made my first image . Great ! Then I got the bright idea of trying out the backup . So I deleted a couple things and proceded to reboot to the backup cd set -LRB- cd-r spanning 5 disks . -RRB- All went fine and 25 min later I was rebooting , well I tried to reboot . Ended up wiping out what I set out to protect . After the 3hr rebuild process I decided not to try again . Symantec promises a 60 day satifaction guarentee so I asked for my money back following proper procedure as outlined on their support site . It 's been 16 weeks and now support has forwarded my refund inquires to corporate -LRB- promised 48 hrs response time -RRB- its been a week and still no response to my refund inquiries . Glad I photocopied all materials I sent for the refund . Buyer beware.Update . 9.5 months finally got my $ 20 rebate . Still absolutely no response on the refund request . I refuse to call long distance to work this out . Get a 1-800 number like a real company .
 I bought it because the magazine reviews said it was great and would work with Windows XP . I 'm a software engineer with a lot of PC knowledge and experience and am considered an expert by many people . In five attempts to back-up different partitions to CD-R , only one attempt succeeded -LRB- a single partition that would fit on a single CD-R disk -RRB- . The first failed attempt I attributed to the screen saver kicking on during the back-up , although , technically , it should not have failed because it uses UDF format for writing to CD-R ; but I gave it the benefit of the doubt . It appears that , even though you can select multiple partitions for back-up , even if the multiple partitions would fit on a single CD-R , it will not let you . Neither the program nor documentation tells you this . I attributed the second failed attempt to putting in the same CD-R when backing-up the second partition . It does not verify the data until it completely finishes the back-up of the partition . By the time it realizes that a disk failed during a partition back-up , it 's too late to re-write that disk . The third failure was disk three of a four CD-R back-up failing to be verified . The fourth failure had no logical reason for failing . Do n't waste your money . Norton Ghost has not failed me yet . It may be more cumbersome to use in XP , but it 's do-able .
 Bought Drive Image 7 and 2002 bundle , as I used to run Windows 98 with the intention of upgrading to XP . 2002 worked fine , but now that I am running XP DI7 hangs after completing the first backup CD . No response from the email help after 2 weeks.They wo n't speak to you unless you pay them . The support web site is one of the worst I have come across.Thinking of sending this back and getting a refund as it does n't do what it says on the box .
 Drive Image 7 has a defect in one of its modules that caused my computer to crash on installation during the reboot . I was able to salvage it by using the `` System Restore '' CD from my vendor and a recent emergency disk . This with Windows 2000 Professional.PowerQuest told me that they were very aware of the problem but do n't know when - or if - this will be fixed !
 I have last year 's version , Drive Image 2002 , and it was far less problematic than this version . I thought for sure the stripped down Windows environment that Drive Image 7 boots to would be worth it . I believe it 's called the PQRE.That is pretty cool , but for me it was n't worth it . I say that because whatever Drive Image 7 does on boot , i.e. seemingly tries to load before everything else ... causing other programs and services not to load at all . My guess is that the V2i security that Drive Image 7 uses to secure back-ups might be part of the problem ?! Nearly everytime I 'd boot up it would boot as though everything was normal , get almost to the Windows XP loading screen , then restart again!After all of that restarting it would just flat out kill start-up routines initiated by some other services and programs . E.g. most of the time , in my experience , it would prevent ATI Launchpad from starting , Saitek profiler start would be killed , and finally Nero InCD would n't be loaded . It affected the Saitek utility so much that I 'd be guaranteed of an error message when I finally got into Windows XP ! The message was `` Sorry , you were in the middle of something '' with the option to send the error report to Microsoft . No need to send an error report to Microsoft , I 've identified the problem ... it 's Drive Image 7 !!! Sadly enough , I made the mistake of not thoroughly checking to see if this software comes with a 30-day money back guarantee ! I searched through the minimal manual , and all over the product box to see if they did have a guarantee printed somewhere . No luck ! So if you do decide to get this product make sure it 's worth the risk to you because it seems as though you wo n't have a chance to get your money back if it does n't work for you.If you want a slick , easy-to-use , imaging utility , try Acronis 6 .
 Having used Powerquest products before , I thought this would be great . However , I have tried it on 2 Windows 2000 machines with near disasterous results . I could n't even get it to install on the first machine . The second machine installed it ok , but when I tried to create a backup , it got about 1 minute into the process and shut my machine down - BOOM ! - no shut down proceedure , nothing . It was as if I had hit the restart button . I do n't have to tell you how dangerous this is to an operating system ; could have wiped it out , ruined the registry , etc. . Fortunatly , no permanent damage was done . However , I guarantee you I wo n't be trying it again . I 'm sending this back for a refund !
 Because of this software I have to rebuild my computer . Nothing works . Even the basic user interface changes size everytime I reopen this software.I paid to get this headache .
 There seems to be no way to upgrade a hard drive using Windows XP with Drive Image 7 . Numerous attempts , even with attempting to reinstall XP ended in failure . I finally used Acronis True Image 6 and accomplished the upgrade on the first attemp .
 If you bought the older version that came with a book , you wo n't be happy.The computer version comes with an awkward reference library that has too few items per page with lousy quality . You have to open all the files to see what 's really there . If you need to work fast . Forget it ! If you like to put cats and flowers on stationery , it might be OK.I used the previus 40,000 version on paying projects . The art was easy to find use , color , alter , etc.After you buy it , you may be unhappy with customer service . After being on hold for 1/2 hour . I got defensive vague answers when asking if the older art was included ? ... some are ! Do you have a pdf or higher quality freference to offer ? ... Nope . Can I get my money back ? No . Can I speak to a manager ? Nope.Do not buy this book ... or any of the art explosions !!!
 This software is not user friendly . After 4 hours , I 've given up trying to get this to even open.I am not an idiot when it comes to installing and using software , but this really makes me feel likeone . They do not includes clear instructions on how to use the software .
 CRAP ! MOSTLY CHEASY COLOR QUICK STAMPED TYPE OF POOR ILLISTRATIONS THERE ARE SOME LAME PHOTOS BUT THIS IS NOT WORTH THE PLASTIC ITS PRINTED ON HARD TO USE AND NOT WORTH MORE THAN $ -LSB- ... -RSB- GARBAGE !!!!!!!!!
 This collection sucks , most of the clips are are in . tif or . wmf format making them difficult to use in modern graphic imaging software like Photoshop . The photography is out of focus and often of the `` what the heck is that supposed to be ? '' category -LRB- those are in . jpg format -RRB- . I DO N'T recommend this collection for anyone who is looking for a good collection of clip art to be used in professional settings . In fact , I do n't even recommend this product to anyone period .
 Unless you are looking for 80s people pictures , pixelated images or something that a 4 year old drew in paint , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!! I am a professional graphic and web designer . At work my company subscribes to top-notch photography and clip art . I was looking for something I could use at home ... and boy was that software a waste of my money ! The images really are horrible if you are looking for something that is at least halfway professional looking . Even my husband , who is no designer , was appalled at the images !!! DO NOT BUY IT !
 I have been searching everywhere for a product featuring professional , diverse photos . Where have they all gone ? I am returning this product because I have no use for clipart and the photos are clearly pulled from somebody 's old photo albums . They are no where near the professional quality shown on the box . Many photos are dark or horribly formatted and/or just plain cheesy . However , I am very impressed by Nova 's `` No Questions Asked Money Back Guarantee . '' Hooray for that !
 This clip art collection is a big disappointment . The quality of the vector graphics is quite low , but a bigger problem is the search engine . They include a tool called Portfolio Browser , but it does not offer any keywords or text search . Instead , you must load one `` portfolio '' at a time by navigating to a folder on the CD . This is a very inefficient way to sort through 30,000 images , since each folder may contain only 100 or so pictures.You can copy the CDs to a hard drive -LRB- manually -RRB- , but when you open the portfolio folders it demands that you insert the CD to load the image . With such a large number of CDs , this too is unwieldy.So to summarize , this is a collection of 30,000 low-quality images without a usable search or browsing capability . I do not envision myself ever using this .
 I bought this after reading some of the glowing reviews . After actually looking at the clip art and photos at home , I do n't understand why people rave about this collection . The quality of the free clip art and photos at the Microsoft Office Online web site are much better . Many of the photos look like they were taken by amatuer photographers , some of whom were not very good . Some of my own photos look better than these ! Alright , there are some nice ones in there , but you really have to hunt for them.I was lucky enough to buy this when there was a rebate , so it was pretty cheap , otherwise I 'd return it . The quality of the photos and clip art was just too disappointing . There 's quantity here , but not quality .
 The search engine is awful . You must restart between disks . The clip art for the most part is not useable -LRB- OK I only checked the weddings / church -RRB- . The people in the wedding clip art is not something I would send out or use . There is no holiday clip art that I could find . The church clip art is so limited that I ca n't imagine ever using it . I 'm used to doing quality professional material and this will NOT help me . Glad they have a money back guarantee -LRB- at least that 's something they have that is good that others do n't -RRB-
 This image collection may have 300,000 images , but it is IMPOSSIBLE to find any of them , because there is no real guide . The search engine only works on the particular disc that you are using at the time , which may only have six or seven categories . The way the pictures are organized is very confusing , and only useful for those who are very patient and those with lots of time on their hands . I use this with my high school journalism class , and my students are much too impatient to go through every single disc to find the pictures they want . The whole thing is practically useless . Do n't buy this . The new version of Art Explosion is much better , because it has a book with the images in it , so you can look it up quickly .
 The clip art may be good , but the installation is poor . Read their FAQ section of their website - -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is apparent that the installation freezes computers and you have to download Portfolio Browser in many instances to install on your computer . The technical support is poor . Just be careful about buying this product until you have read their website .
 drawn by a 5-year old . I 'm sorry , most of the vector and raster illustrations contained here are of very poor quality in my opinion . And , like some of the other reviews , I was not impressed w / the photographs . Looks like someones bad vacation photos in spots , I counted 8 out of focus exposures of what looks like a hawk or something at great distance . Who got paid for that junk ? I will keep it , but only because of the classic illustrations on a couple of the discs , and the fact I got a rebate .
 I can not get this thing to work at all with my AT&T worldnet account . The off network set-up options -LRB- for SSL logins etc. -RRB- are n't in the setup options , or else do n't work . I get SPAM just fine in outlook , but Spam Killer can not connect to the mail server.I suppose this would be a good product for plain simple email Spam Filtering . but nothing beyond thatThe support is comical , with those autobot ask Jeeves kind of things that make you feel like your talking to a live person . Ask a complex question and it has `` techical difficulties '' and boots you off the chat session.And that update center thing is annoying . I happened to also have the McAfee Firewall progam -LRB- I do like that though -RRB- , but It keeps displaying unauthorized network call alerts for the Update Center app , no matter how I configure it . You 'd think Someone at McAfee would have tested SpamKiller with their other products .
 Has there ever been a program so obtuse and frustrating to use as SpamKiller ? What a horrible waste of time to try to make this work . When McAfee purchased DeerSoft and their wonderful Spam Assassin Pro system , I purchased the McAffe program assuming it was Spam Assassin Pro . It is n't . This is pure rubish .
 This software `` gets rid '' of spam by logging in to your POP3 account and looking for any spam-like messages . It then downloads the messages into the Spamkiller program so that you can review them . It also claims to send automatic complaints and error messages for every downloaded spam message that it loads . After you download your spam messages , you log in to your POP3 server again with your e-mail program , hopefully to find only real mail waiting for you there.The software comes bundled inside the McAfee Security Center so that it is fully integrated with their other products . A huge problem with the security center is that it puts an automatic task into your task scheduler that tries to update the security center products automatically every 5 minutes , even waking the computer from power-off if necessary . Unfortunately , and unbelievably , these settings can not be changed . If you try to change them or even delete the task , or even delete the task scheduler applet , when you restart the computer , the task appears again and continues to wake your computer every 5 minutes . This is not a good thing for laptops . I 've fought with this for a week , and the technical support at McAfee was most unsympathetic . After having my battery drain down to zero yesterday following an important presentation in which error messages from the scheduler kept popping up every 5 minutes in my PowerPoint , I am totally fed up.I 've never been able to log-in to get updates anyway . Although I registered my software a week ago , McAfee has n't added my customer name and password to their database to allow me to log in to their system . Again , their tech support services have not been any help with this . This leaves me quite dubious about any McAfee products .
 After getting over 50 spam messages a day , I decided to purchase McAfee 's Spam Killer - it was highly rated by PC Magazine . Unfortunately , after installing I have found that it is faster to remove the spam by hand.First , SpamKiller is s-l-o-w . I have a 1GHz computer with 700MB of RAM . Yet , it still took SpamKiller a little more than a day -LRB- 26 hours -RRB- to process 1000 email messages . Plus , SpamKiller takes another three to five minutes to filter every new message sent to me.What 's the end result , SpamKiller runs all the time . My CPU is peaked by running SpamKiller . Please do n't waste your time with SpamKiller . There has to be a better solution .
 SpamKiller installs the McAfee Security Center without user permission . It is nothing more than an intrusive marketing scheme by McAfee that tells the user which McAfee products are installed . It necessitated a reboot several times when it `` hung '' my computer . It can not be uninstalled unless ALL McAfee products are also uninstalled . It is an excellent reason to avoid the purchase of this product and ANY McAfee product unless McAfee changes its aggressive marketing strategy . There is too much excellent competition to accept nonsense of this type .
 First of all , it only blocked 60 % of the junk emails . not a good batting average by any standards.It 's very hard to use . Takes forever to delete or block a message . Why ? I 'm using DSL , connection speed is pretty consistent . Tech support is no help what so ever.For couple days I did n't have any message . at first I thought maybe it 's the ISP . Then I remembered I can check my email online . Turn out Spam Killer is not working for some reason . Maybe too much junk mails . I cleaned up the mailbox and Spam killer worked again.The last thing pushed me over the cliff is the program will delete everything in the accepted email folder when I simply asking it to delete or block one message . An error will come up and then everything is gone.Deleted the thing from my computer , now everything is back to normal . I can live with the spam , ca n't stand this POS !
 Not happy with this product . Works as a stand alone software . Does not reside within your email software . So you have to go into SpamKiller first , view your messages and then go to your email software and get your mail .
 SpamKiller absolutely prevents my dialup connection from signing itself off , which makes it worthless to me since I have only one phone line . -LRB- This problem is not related to the `` stay connected '' option in SpamKiller . -RRB- I can hand-delete a day 's spam probably thirty times as fast as this software , since it ca n't be allowed to start unattended . It ca n't be allowed to run at all unless I sign off the internet connection when it is through , and exit SpamKiller . McAfee 's `` online chat '' tech support is , appallingly -LRB- though I suppose I was naive to expect better -RRB- some sort of sham wherein one gets told by a `` tech '' that he or she does n't have the `` tools '' to assist and re-referred either , astonishingly , to the very same chat site again or else to an e-mail address that will also decline to assist . This truly reflects poorly on McAfee and any of their other products . Do not waste your money or more importantly your time on this sort of childish `` business '' practice .
 problems :1 -RRB- only checks the inbox for hotmail accounts . -LRB- mail in the junk folders and bulk mail folders still show up in outlook express -RRB- 2 -RRB- does n't support ssl -LRB- check to see if your email requires -RRB- 3 -RRB- does n't support imap .4 -RRB- poor interface.there are a ton of free spam programs out there stick with one of those .
 If you have McAfee 's Parental Controls , do n't bother purchasing SpamKiller . Parental Controls prevents SpamKiller from operating properly . After many frustrating months of dealing with McAfee 's technical support , they are no closer to a solution . Yet they continue to sell both products without warning .
 McAfee Spamkiller 4.0 is so bad I am sorry I spent -LSB- the money -RSB- on it .1 . Very difficult to use .2 . Rescue option is dumb . They should just leave the email on the server then delete it when you confirm it is spam . This would save me from having to `` rescue '' -LRB- re-email myself -RRB- the message .3 . The exit option is greyed out and I ca n't find an `` option '' for load a bootup so I am going to have to uninstall it to make it not load .
 I have just uninstalled this garbage so that I can actually download emails from my server !!! For some reason my main email account server kept asking me for my password even though I submitted it many times ! It just so happens that the email accounts that are NOT affected by spam were logged in and out successfully !!! DO NOT BUY !!!!!!
 I did n't realize that this would work in front of my Netscape Mail ... all my mail went to SpamKiller , even the messages that I approve of , and I could not print off anything from there . . I could not figure out how to forward on to my Netscape mailbox so I could in fact deal with it there , forward , print , etc. . Finally I uninstalled it and decided I would try another as-of-yet decided product ... too complicated for me , I need a product that works within the email product , not in-front of ...
 After trying several times to install MSK ver 4.0 on my new XP machine at home without success I had no other alternative but to spend the $ 39 USD and buy a `` per issue '' Tech Help Session.I phoned the number they gave me and got someone to help me -LRB- somewhat of a trainee c/w supervisor 's support -RRB- . We worked through a few things and after 50 minutes with no success they informed me bluntly that MSK Ver .4 was NOT compatible with XP ! Now it says right on the box that it is ! The tech support person then gave me a number to call for a refund . I tried that and three other numbers before reaching a sales agent that told me I had to get my refund from Amazon.ca where I bought it . Amazon gives no refunds for software , package intact or not ! They simply do not refund any software ! I called McAfee back and finally someone processed my refund for the $ 39USD support session but had to pass me on to a Texas sales person to try to get a refund for the software . He told me that McAfee could n't give me a refund because I did n't buy it from them . I told them about Amazon.ca 's no software refund policy and they still would n't budge . I then told them that they have to take responsibility for the fact that they misrepresented this software to Amazon and the public -LRB- MSK ver .4 ok for XP printed right on the box -RRB- and that I was caught in the middle . He then said he would take the issue to his supervisor and get back to me . I 've never heard from them since . That was the 5th of September . I would warn anyone operating Windows XP to refrain from purchasing MSK ver .4 . There is a ver .5 which probably does work with XP BUT , I 'm not sure about this either.Sincerly dissappointed , Ed Vallee
 I bought the security suite and now find that it is nearly impossible to get assistance . They have blocked me from logging onto e-bay and refused to accept my acknowledged password . My account was locked and I still seem unable to unlock it with their new assigned password -LRB- which was given after they refused to accept the one I have always used before . I am not happy with my inability to get on e-bay even after submiotting the appropriate overrides . Terrible software until they fix this problem for me . Do n't buy without further review . Norton is n't much better either . I had no problems until these programs created glitches .
 Being deluged with spam -LRB- daily ~ 30 -RRB- , I thought this might be a good utility to have . Was a total waste of money and time . The security center was totally annoying and kept popping up until I manually disabled it using msconfig . And configuring the tool for any other mail program other than outlook express is a pain . Besides , if you have already opened the mail program * before * the spamkiller , there 's not much spam killing you can do . Finally uninstalled and just wrote some outlook rules to filter out everything but known e-mail addresses . Recently installed norton internet security , and it seems to have a much more sensible spam blocking option .
 I installed this program to eliminate , or at least slow the onslaught of -LSB- stuff -RSB- filling my mail box daily . Not only did this program not filter it out , at all , it usually froze up and just sat there until I `` ctrl-alt-deleted '' it off the desktop . It was the only way to close it . I reread the instructions , and went through and tried it again ... same thing . I removed it from my computer ... If you buy this program after reading this , you deserve what you 're going to get .
 Do not under any circumstances buy this awful product ; I can not believe McAfee , which has decent Firewall and AntiVirus software could bring out such a bad product ; it 's almost as annoying as the Spam that it does n't filter.If you put this rubbish on your PC , it will take ages to filter all the messages each time you open Outlook Express and then it will put about 1 % of any spam into your junk folder and a few that are not spam .
 Absolutely no support of a piece of junk software . All other reviews except one are right on the money . Waste of money , waste of time and frustrating to now understand there is no way to stop the endless steam of idiotic spammers and purveyors on the net . Do n't buy this one , you 'll just lose a lot of time trying to make it do what you think it should do .
 The bottom line is that this program does not work . Oh , to be sure it has lots of great filters and if it actually applied these filters to your email in a timely manner it could be a good program . HOWEVER , it crawls along like a snail . The fact that it does not integrate with your normal email program is a real pain . Install it and now you have two email programs to manage . What was really amusing is that it installed the McAfee Security Center -LRB- without my permission -- which was not the amusing part -RRB- but then the Security Center looked for McAfee online subscription programs and told me I was not protected . I only happen to be running McAfee virus , firewall and privacy protection.This program is most certainly not on par with McAfee 's other offerings . I could in no way recommend this program to anyone . Further , I 'm really disappointed with the well-respected magazines that have their logos plastered all over the box . If this is the best of category , then this is a category of programs not even worth considering .
 I ca n't even begin to tell you how terrible this program is . For the past seven days since installing , it has trapped all of my important email -LRB- without warning , I might add -RRB- and left all the viagra , insurance and mortgage spam in my inbox.After finding out that the program was trapping my email without telling me , in trying to disable it , I removed the email account from the program . NOT ONE SINGLE WARNING appeared that doing this would remove all rescued email !! A week 's worth of client email and information is not gone , thanks to a program that was supposed to help . How hard would it have been for the programmers to put a secondary warning in the ` delete account ' dialog that warns you your blocked email will be deleted ? I mean , wtf ? It 's buried deep down in a help file somewhere , but why would I go search that out if I did n't have this problem in the first place?McAfee ? Your programmers should be fired . This program is a colossal disaster .
 If I could this organization would get no star . Program worked fine for a while , then I was unable to retrieve messages . Mcafee offers online Tech Chat that has not worked for 2 weeks and my e-mail has gone unanswered for an equal amount of time but sales on-line chat works everytime , immediately and 24/7 . With service like this vote your dollars somewhere else until their revenues and and stock price subsequently suffer . This organization apparently has yet to learn that business success is largely a function of customer satisfaction , not accomplished by consistently ignoring you . If you have a problem good luck the support can easily cost more than the software and the live tech chat or e-mail assistance is available not 24/7 but 0/7 -LRB- my experience -RRB- . I finally decided I wasted enough time and effort have uninstalled and am currently researching other alternatives and an organization that is available in the event support is required .
 I was n't happy with Spamkiller . It 's painfully slow and does n't seem to catch much of anything , even after doing some trouble shooting with Tech Support . I agree with others that I do n't like the Security Center thing . To me it just seems like up-sell . Do I really need those other products ? Definitely not worth the money .
 Support is just awful . After installation , my Outlook , on a network , Win XP , fractional share of T-1 line , would state that it had lost connection and I would have to exit Outlook , then re-start Outlook and it would be fine for a while . I could get virtually no help on support either within or after the 30 day return period . System works fine now that I took SK off.Product sort of works with a lot of fooling around . Screened -LRB- i.e. , `` killed '' -RRB- some mail even after I marked that sender `` friend . '' Let stuff through that it should not have , but that is a lesser problem.Documentation is -LSB- bad -RSB- . If it works perfectly for you right off the bat , maybe it is great for you . If you want to try it and it does not , I would strip it off immediately and get a refund.McAfee `` security center '' is an annoyance , too . I bought the product to avoid spam . McAfee itself insists on delivering the equivalent.Based on this experience I would avoid McAfee .
 The whole deal is that you have to delete ALL your e-mail POP3 accounts and create new ones , directed to and through the McAfee site . Otherwise , it does n't filter anything.Yeah . I 'm gon na do that , delete all my accounts . I have literally a dozen accounts for work , all with rules designed to protect my main account from spammers and route other stuff to approriate files . Wipe 'em all ? I do n't think so.To make matters worse , Spamkiller removes functionality -LRB- at least in Outlook Express -RRB- even AFTER it 's uninstalled . I can no longer click on a link in an e-mail and have it open up a browser window . I 'm back to the ridiculous old AOL method of copying-and-pasting ... or even right-clicking to copy the target URL if the address is actually longer than what 's displayed for convenience.Now I 'm Googling to find out how to rid myself of the last , aggravating remnants of this GARBAGE . Seriously , do NOT buy this awful software . I was a big fan of McAfee -- their Firewall and VirusScan products are very good . But I 've been burned to a cinder by this whole Spamkiller experience . It 's unbelievable . I wish there was a way to give it ZERO stars .
 firstly this product self installs mcafee security center , it will not install without it and can not be removed and have spamkiller still function . there are hundreds of people on the mcaffee `` support forum '' -LRB- more on this below -RRB- asking hwo to get rid of security center . In a supreme irony Security center will generate popups all the time , meaning mcafee installs an unremovable program that spams you!the support is just surreal . no mater what question you ask you by mail or `` live chat '' get a form reply that says , in short
 Spamkiller downloaded all my e-mails from the mail server and checked the title and text of the messages for spams . This frequent process took up lot of time and it caught less than 1 percent of the spams . The update center was really annoying . I did n't pay much for the software , but it wasted my time and system time . The software was deinstalled after two weeks . I ended up using a free software ` mailwasher ' . Mailwasher did n't catch most of the spams either , but it only downloaded the titles . I checked which are spams , which I need to read . The program deleted the spams on the mail server directly . The solution is not prefect but it helps . McAfee Spamkiller did nothing execept wasting time and resouces .
 All I can say is that it does n't work with AOL , so if that 's what you 're buying it for , save your time .
 Spamkiller must work for some people - but who ? I have tried it twice - 2 different versions , 2 years apart - and it -LRB- a -RRB- froze Outlook , -LRB- b -RRB- crashed the PC , -LRB- c -RRB- corrupted the pst files -LRB- the data storage for contacts and emails -RRB- , -LRB- d -RRB- swallowed and lost the emails that came in during the frutrating hours of trying to put things right . The 2nd time it came bundled with Internet Security Suite 2006 , which is OK - apart from SpamKiller . After installing the suite , uninstall SpamKiller before you run any programs . You have been warned !! At very least PLEASE back up your data first , and give yourself 2 or 3 hours spare time to rectify things in case the system freezes up .
 I was using Norton Internet Security 2005 but after windows xp sp2 update and windows installer update , Norton was forcing me to reinstall the product because of its conflicts with windows installer 's new update . So I thought lets give chance to other and try other spam filters.So I tried McAfee SpamKiller and Wooho ! it was a big NightMare for me ... . Its -100 % Smart ... Yeah I mean it ... It not mark any mail as spam but even If i tell it to block this mail , It says rudely like This Mail Can not be Blocked like the spammer given him much $ $ $ to not blocking his mail . So McAfee itself is not a smart but After guiding it , still it not work as we wish so its -100 % smart.So now I am back with my Norton ... and Hope It wont push me in situation to reinstall it again and again.So much disappointed with McAfee SpamKiller . This product can even down the impression of McAfee Virus Scanner . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had purchased this expecting a chemistry tutorial . It is actually just a bunch of test questions . There is no intial instruction . It is not what I was looking for .
 This software would have been great 10 years ago . Now it is litle more than an online test which can be obtained free at many chemistry websites . This is not worth what I paid for it . It would be a great ... product because it gives you practice taking chemistry tests IF you already know the subject very well .
 The post by GRB -LRB- washington , dc -RRB- sounds very much the same way I felt when I first installed my BioTutor . However , I did not purchase my BioTutor from amazon . I can not defend GRB that the individuals that rated 5 stars are bogus , but I have to agree with GRB this application software does lack greatly . My son looked at it once and that was it . He uses another biology software , which include videos , graphs , excellent 3D pictures and so on.PS - Too bad there is no such thing as a `` no '' no star in this place.I have to admit to have something like BioTutor on the market today reminds me of my days when I worked at a company that used command line operating system ... It 's like a DOS application . -LRB- You know those screen that have blue background and white text -RRB- . I think the intention behind this program was quick profit ... the only thing that is of quality is the box that it comes in . I can not speak the same of their ChemistryTutor , but if GRB states that it has a similar interface than I would not recommened that one either . Buttom Line
 I bought this title based on the other glowing reviews here on Amazon , hoping to get something to help my daughter with her high school physics . What a major disappointment . This pathetic piece of software looks like it was written in the 1970 's . The documentation consists of a single cardboard insert . It is basically just a bunch of canned test questions . If you choose the incorrect answer you get a wonderfully supportive `` Wrong answer , try again ! '' message . There is no help file or explanations of any of the concepts here . Save your money - I wish I had ...
 Purchased OneNote for my new Tablet Laptop for school.First time I tried it , the pen featured kept disabling itself stating `` Windows XP tablet edition SP required '' . Um , ok I have that preinstalled on the laptop . Formated my machine and put a still steamy new copy of XP tablet edition back on . Nada . Upgrade to SP3 , nada . Most people have had little problems with this app , but if you are like me and roll the dice wrong . You are boned , there is NOTHING out there to help you and Microsoft just says `` We can not clarify what or if there is a problem . Thank you . ''
 If you are getting this for personal use or use on only one computer , get it . This is a fantastic program for organizing your life.At first , I loved the program and moved lots of my work onto it for easy access . I was trying to convince others to also use OneNote . I put my notebooks up on a network drive so that others could access them and I could access them from anywhere . That was where OneNote failed ... I got it to work across computers at work with several people . For that use , it is miserable . It does n't integrate well into a secure environment . You will find yourself denied access to the notebook because `` a password is required '' . Never mind that you entered the password to access the drive in the first place or that OneNote does n't let you enter that password . My solution will be to move the notebook onto a local drive . But this means sharing is n't easy.Perhaps , if you are in a pure Microsoft network environment , collaboration might work . But , for my business network , OneNote does n't support a complete multi-user approach . Pity , it has great potential ...
 I had issues installing this on Vista . More clearly , it did n't install on Vista . It installs fine on XP . The interface compared to the 2003 version feels smoother . For what I use it for , 2003 would have been fine for me . Greatest feature to me is the ability to print it into a document , so you could print it out at another computer without Onenote installed . Like on some campuses .
 I tried to order one microsoft office home and student 2007 and they billed me for two . I tried to change it imediately but they said unable to change order is being prossesed . Why would I need two ?
 MS Office Home is too `` bulky '' and is not work with many other existing programs . It caused a major hard drive meltdown in our computer and Microsoft Customer Service was not helpful .
 Matchbee was dishonest and misleading in their sale . I never received the CD-ROM as mentioned in the ad . What I did receive was an e-mail about downloading this product which did not work . I was quite happy to get a refund .
 My explanation for the appearance and utility of the new Word 2007 is that a group of programmers who had never used Word or WordPerfect were told to create a word processor with certain features . -LRB- I suspect that foremost among such features were `` shiny '' and `` flashy . '' -RRB- I would liken the result to the group of blind men , each of whom who touched one place on an elephant and then were asked to describe the animal . The saving grace is the one customizable toolbar on which you can place shortcuts for most features you actually want to use . Without that toolbar , every step you take must be preceded by multiple clicks through multiple menus which have been sorted according to parameters which remain a mystery to me.Despite much effort , I have yet to figure out how to append labels to a document without destroying the formatting of either the document or the labels . I have tried inserting the labels as an object and as text , with every kind of section and page break in between . No success .
 My son is a returning college student who has used regular Office . This version seems much harder to use and is substantially different , even though it may do the same things as standard Office .
 Microsoft has badly erred when it made the interface to the Office applications more icon based and removed the old menu structure completely . They changed where some of the options are located and they did n't always put them under a logical icon . One word - FRUSTRATING!As for Word , it still does some very annoying things to try to `` help '' . I have never enjoyed working with Word if I have to graphics and tables . It seems to arbitrarily rearrange items on the page . It obviously is not Publisher.Excel graphing has been rendered all but worthless for trying to graph technical data , especially on a separate axis . Adding new series to a chart and modifying properties is so inconvenient that I have stop even trying to use it .
 In Word , the tool bar is replaced with ribbons which means that several clicks are now needed to find common functions that were previously available right on the tool bar . Yes , you can create a custom tool bar , but the buttons are mini-size , which makes them somewhat harder to access . Overall , a real disappointment .
 Complete stupidy.Would you buy a new car if the manufacturer decided to move the steering wheel to between your legs , if they changed the brake pedal to a lever on the dashboard , etc. . This is what MS have done with this release of Office . The user interface has been completely changed , and I ca n't find anything . Pointless really , because the underlying functionality is identical to Office 2003 . Maybe that is the point , if nothing has changed , give it a new cloak.I 've been using it at my work . I asked my employer to deinstall it , and install Office 2003 instead .
 Office 2007 replaces all the menus & toolbars from previous versions of Office with `` The Ribbon '' . The Ribbon is a highly non-intuitive gimic that forces you to throw out your hard learned knowledge from previous versions and re-learn how to navigate the programs from scratch . You will waste hours punting around the Ribbon , trying to to figure out how to execute tasks you 're used to doing in seconds.Worst of all , there is no way to configure Office 2007 to have the look/feel of Office 2003 ; you 're stuck.Bottom line , Office 2007 is a disastrous product that has severely impacted my productivity . I really regret having purchased this product .
 This product has some good features , but the home/student version will not let you e-mail from it , you have to save it first and then e-mail from your email program . That is WEAK ! I would recommend either using the Word programs that come with your computer and saving the $ , or shell out the extra $ for Office Pro .
 Both Word 2007 and Excel 2007 have changed looks drastically from Office 2000 that I was using before . Things I was used to on the tool bars are very hard to find and I 'm still trying to adjust . I guess I hate change , just for the sake of change . The functions in both office 2000 and office 2007 are basically the same but you get at them differently . It took me almost an hour to figure out how to print labels from a spread sheet using word . It is much more complicated than office 2000 word .
 If you 've been using Office for years now , this version is going to be difficult to use . Microsoft has decided to change around all the menu commands , so you wo n't be able to find anything . I had to Google to see where the file menu disappeared to - I could n't even open or save a document ! Basically I have to Google to figure out how to do things I 've been doing for years , as for no good reason , they 've `` improved '' the menu system dramatically.This new menu system is not an improvement , if you 've got an older version of Office , just keep using that . I have n't seen Office 2010 yet , but I hope they `` improved '' that version and put the menu system back like it was in Office 2003 . They could basically just rename Office 2003 as Office 2010 , and I 'd be happy.I wish I knew why Microsoft was doing this . They did the same thing in Windows 7 , hiding commonly used functions . Why do I have to Google where `` Add and Remove Programs '' disappeared to ? Why ca n't it be in the same place it 's always been ? There 's basically no reason , no improvement by hiding the functions and controls.When I opened Access , I was shocked by the new look - once again , it was very difficult to use .
 MAJOR SECURITY VULNERABILITIES - NO FIX which may well cost you yet more in lost/stolen data , time & repairs . Unfortunately , I speak from first hand experience . Please at least do some research before buying !
 I primarily use office for word . Going from 2003 to 2007 , the new interface is pathetic , ca n't find the simple commands `` save as '' , `` print preview '' etc. , Being the biggest software company came up with an awful interface and product . I am not able to use basic functions with office 2007 . Try using styles , it would be a nightmare .
 My review is plain and simple
 Like it or not , these are the standards , so you have to have them , right ? Over the years I 've grown to learn how to navigate the features and foibles of Word and Excel . They were clunky at times , but I learned them and had them working well for me . Now it 's radically different . They are harder to personalize , harder to use , and I have to learn them all over again . I 've been using Word and Excel '07 for about a year now , and they are still frustrating . What I liked about the '03 versions was that I chose the icons for the commands I wanted and then had menus that I was familiar with to drop down and use . Now the icons are teeny tiny and I have to go searching for stuff that I only use once in awhile . If the ribbons were customizable , they might be handy -- but they 're not . I find them counterintuitive -- especially when I 'm looking for something that I used to know how to find instantly . Hmmmm ... where did they put that thing?Yes it 's a reasonable price for such potentially powerful software . Yes I understand you can put it on 3 computers . OK , I will figure out how to make it feel fluid again eventually . Do i have a choice ? I will obey . I will be absorbed . Grrrrrrrr ...
 This is a product that specifies that it is a non-commercial version when you get it , but does not say that before you purchase it . What are the limitations of a non-commercial version ? It really does little more than the word processor and spreadsheet that come free with Windows . This version is not compatible with Office 2003 unless you download an update from the Windows site . I can not do this download at work , so I can not work on documents at home and then continue them at work . There are virtually no significant improvements to this suite compared to the 2003 Version . I would recommend stay with Office 2003 if that is an option .
 This new version of Word has done what nine years of college and five years of law practice could not
 We purchased a new laptop and downloaded the trial version of Microsoft Office on-line . The trial ran out before we ordered the permanent software . When we went to order it , one of the options that came up was Amazon.com at a much cheaper price than downloading it from Microsoft . The product came promptly -- and we could not load it on to the computer because there was no product code . To get any help from Microsoft we would have to pay $ 49.95 . We contacted Amazon.com who very quickly replaced the software , however it still has no 26 digit product code required to download -- So it appears that in order to load the product on to our computer we 're going to have to pay Microsoft for service -- so we 've wasted over a month and not saved any money . This is not the fault of AMAZON.COM . They have been very accomodating .
 I do not understand how microsoft can distribute this product which has the spell check in French and get by with it . They offer no suggestionsas to how to remedy the problem . I bought three copies before I founda technician locally who had a patch that corrects the problem . Howdo they get by with this ? Why does n't Amazon do something about it?Extremely frustrating.Microsoft Office home and Studen 2007 itself may turn out to be agood product after I gain some mastery of it . However puting thespell check in French and not offering any options or advice howto change it is unexcusable .
 I ordered this product as brand new . when I got it in the mail and opened the package I found the software had been opened . I called Amazon and told them about it . The customer service people were very nice but not very helpful . I was unhappy because the software has a limited number computers it can be loaded on and I still do n't know if it was used or really new like it was supposed to be . I did load it one of my computers and it worked but I have not tried to load it on my others yet .
 A package that has no outlook can not be marketed as home and student , I sink all my handhelds with outlook and use outlook for mailmerge , I will rather buy older version to get it . The new interface is horrid .
 The product did n't work and I had to get a refund . The numbers sent with it did not work
 I bought this product because my Word 2002 had a fault and it said there would be no more support for this version . I make my living by typing and I thought I was doing a good thing by getting the latest version . Boy was I wrong . Come to find out , none of my jobs are compatible with Word 2007 so I have to save my documents in 2003 version or older , templates that I use for work that are specifically set up the way they are for a reason are no longer correct and 2007 refuses to change it , and line spacing is off . This has got me so hopping mad , it is unbelievable . I could have made twice as much money this weekend alone , but I spent most of the day looking up help articles and such just to figure out what I can do , not to mention apologizing to my bosses for work that is not on time because of it . Who are the people that changed all the stuff that worked fine just because THEY thought it was better . I am so glad that I did not install this on any other computer , and now I refuse to . This is just like switching to Vista from XP , and do n't get me started on that one ! I would not recommend this product if your livelihood depends on it .
 I was tempted by my daughter and business partner 's enthusiasm for their apple computers , but wanted to avoid the apple learning curve . I thought life would be easier if I made my new computer a pc . Terrible mistake , as it turns out . Windows 2007 not only requires a huge learning curve , the functionality is terrible . One example , when I browse web sites , the computer frequently freezes ; it is so bad that control/alt/delete freezes and I have to shut the computer down via the power button . Screen menus cover up existing screen messages so nothing is readable . I have downloaded updates ; there are still irritating problems . I am astonished that microsoft has regressed . I am worse off than I was with windows 2002 . There may be more options to use with ' 07 , but I will have to spend time learning how to find and use them , time I would have rather used learning a new apple computer .
 This was a very terrible experience for me . I will not purchase anything else in this manner . It has nothing to do with the product , becauase I did n't receive it on time , in time , or at all . It has every thing to do with Another time Studio , who did not send the product , nor did they inform me that the product would not be sent . This was most horrifying .
 When I received the 2007 Office Home and Student , there is a red sticker on the front stating , '' includes 8-hours of online training '' . Multiple attempts to contact microsoft have been unsuccessful . I need the training . It seems I was sent a program meant for southeast asia and therefore I can not log-in . I am severely disappointed!I have paid for this program but am unable to really use it . H E L P!Ernst Heilbrunn , MD609 883 2121
 I do not like this new office suite.It is cumbersome and difficult to do basic things.I was also very frustrated that I could use the CD for one computer and when I tried to install the same program in my other computers at home , the CD will not work.Very poor introduction from Microsoft.Naresh
 Please cancel this order and refund money back to my credit card . I have not received this item and no longer need it . I purchased the product from another vendor .
 I opted to take the product to the post office and pay for it to be returned myself instead of having them deduct the postage from the credit I would receive from the product being returned . I was given a label to use . The product was returned back to Amazon and I received an email saying I was being charged for postage even though I had already paid for it myself . I sent several emails to Amazon explaining this and still have not heard a single thing back . Terrible customer service !
 The software was packaged in a hard to open box , and there was no printed instruction located anywhere on the box on how to get it open . To get the software box open , I had to Google `` how to open Microsoft Office 2007 '' , to find out how to open the box . This was totally annoying.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 I am a technology teacher and must stay current with newest versions of software . I give this product 1 star because it has taken the basics of the product , and turned them into a confusing mess.This version of Microsoft Office is not user friendly . I find nothing logical about the software . Too many features have been moved , and users can not get up to speed as quickly . I will definitely be using the tutorials on the Microsoft website.PS
 I got this to help me understand excel better as I am retired and work part time . Due to only limited use of excel on the job , I wanted this to help practice at home and understand it better . Its of no help at all as the programs are not alike . If you learn on this you will learn its different in the working world . Remember , -LRB- if you open it you own it . -RRB- Since I am on a fixed income I could ` nt afford the office version .
 I 've been using various word processing and spreadsheet programs since the days of DOS , and MS Office and MS Works programs since the days of Windows 3.1 . Since I 've using for so long , I 'm a keyboard user , not a mouse-type person . This new version of Office is definitely not conducive to keyboarders . Gone are my much loved drop-down menus at the top of the screen . My key combinations still work in this version , but if you do not remember exactly every key stroke , then you are SOL , my friend.On the up side , they have fixed Excel to handle larger spreadsheets . You are no longer limited by the 256 columns , or the 65,000-odd rows . Yes , I have run into circumstances where 256 columns just were n't enough . I 'm not sure of the number of available columns and rows , but I know for a fact I 'd be hard pressed to use the over 100,000 rows available.I also have yet to find a practical use for OneNote . It seems to me that the only use for the program is to take up space on my hard drive . -LRB- I 'd say the same of Power Point , but my better half is using it for school -RRB- . It 's just not convenient to keep loose little notes on One note , and since my hubby is n't allowed to bring a laptop into three of his four classes , it 's not useful for that . The fourth class is a high-level math , and it 's too difficult for him to look up all his symbols to type them in . It 's much more efficient to take notes the old-fashioned way . Not to mention much cheaper.As for Word , I have not noticed any significant improvements in it like I have with Excel . I personally have never had much use for PowerPoint , and normally tried to sleep through Power Point presentations by others . -LRB- I know I 'm not alone here ... -RRB- All in all , I 'm only happy about the fixes to Excel . The rest of this suite belongs in the recycle bin . By attempting to make this program suite GUI-er , Microsoft is alienating long-time users .
 I bought this with my new computer . I was really irked to find out that I could n't use it for my business which was the reason I bought this in the first place . The license agreement says `` The software is not licensed for use in any commercial , non-profit , or revenue-generating business activites . '' No description of the product warned me of this . Now I have to go to the trouble of returning it , if my OEM will allow me to return the software . And now I have to go through the customer service nightmare and runaround . What a ripoff !
 THIS IS USELESS TO ME IT SEEM BY ITS LIMITED DESCRIPTION THST IT WOULD DO THE JOB BUT IT IS USELESS
 If it is n't broke , do n't fix it . The product arrived quickly and was packaged in a manner that it would n't sustain damage . I was very pleased with the service.My problem is with the product itself . I do n't have time to take new courses every time a program is modified . The older version . Windows 95 , was easy to understand , and I was able to accomplish what I set to do . Eventually , I 'm sure I will get used to it , but I was quite content with the old product.Again , as far as the service and delivery of the product , the service could not get much better . Therefore , my review in no way affects the service and delivery of the product . Thank you for your prompt attention .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Microsoft Office has obviously been the defacto business standard for many years . I had been using MS Office 2003 for at least the last five of that . My kids are both in college now and were required to purchase Office 2007 , so I upgraded too . Which was a complete and total waste of time.Microsoft clearly does n't get it . We do n't want/need huge monolithic , PC-based software applications anymore . And this one takes significantly longer to load than MS Office 2003 -LRB- Word specifically -RRB- , jumbles the toolbar and interface all around , and does absolutely nothing different than its predecessor - just does it slower and requires the user to relearn where all the same functionality is -LRB- nothing new here -RRB- . A complete waste of time . The fact that Microsoft had the temerity -LRB- and chutzpah -RRB- to produce this thing means that it has its head in the sand . And it 's an insult to users who -LRB- I guess -RRB- Microsoft thought would n't notice that we paid them a bunch of money -LRB- again -RRB- for a retread of the same old beast - that 's long in the tooth and slow , slow , slow . Shame on us .
 I 've been using Office for 10 years and can walk people through tasks in Word & Excel without looking at their screen . I bought Home & Student 2007 for my new computer - not knowing about the `` upgrades '' to the menus I knew so well . Twenty minutes into using Word 2007 I was in tears and on the phone with customer care . I had a report and labels to print for class the next day and needless to say was in a panic . Customer care tried to help but all I wanted was the old menu back - which he informed me was not possible . I vented my frustrations and hung up . I have n't used it since ...
 User Unfriendly and serves Microsoft ALONE not the user or you the purchaser ! In order to to use it one has to so called activate the program after downloading to your computer . Then the trip continues by sending you to microsoft site to buy more software!After registering the Word and typing your first assay , takes too long even to find the print function.It is a terrible experience ; if you have the 2003 edition , stick with it . Total waste of money .
 I am sorry I purchased this version . I have several years experience with MS Office Suite and this is `` dummied '' down so much I am having to relearn the programs and how to circumvent the preset actions . All the extra built-ins are probably great for someone with no experience ; not for me.Other than that small problem , it still -LRB- almost -RRB- acts like what I use on the job .
 As a teacher I use Word , PowerPoint , and Publisher when working with students AND engaging in professional activities -LRB- presentations to organizations , etc. -RRB- I have been using Office 2002 , and thought I should upgrade . BIG mistake . The ribbons of icons are frustrating to scroll through , especially since I previously just customized the toolbar so everything I needed was immediately available . I 'm still trying to figure out how to type in Chinese , although the Spanish and German are working fine . Additionally , they 've come up with a truly ugly color scheme for their ribbons/icons/etc . As a previous commenter noted , making changes to the basic template creates extreme problems , and I also was unable to get the darn number bullets to renumber . It took me almost twice as long to write a test as usual , and I ended up doing manually what used to be done quite easily using the toolbar.The designs in Publisher are now very difficult to see and differentiate . In previous versions , you could see the stark differences between different designs . In the current options pages , everything is so soft , both in line and color , as well as being so small , that it 's hard to tell what you 're looking at.But the truly big disappointment is PowerPoint . Their new selection of slide designs has all the appeal of rotting road kill -- I would be embarrassed to give a presentation to a professional group using what is available in 2007 . I have reinstalled my 2002 programs . I feel like I just wasted all the money I spent on this suite . My suggestion ? If you absolutely have to have a PC because you do a lot of word processing , stick with Word 2002 or 2003 . If you need to do presentations/brochures/etc . for your business , get a Mac and avoid this problem altogether .
 Microsoft rewinds the clock for Word 2007 . Remember the days when computers had seemingly thousands of buttons to do a single operation ? Yeah , that 's what the 2007 Word experience is about.I have Windows Vista on my new computer , which I bought not more than two months ago . Word 2007 came along with it . Word 2007 is an extremely confusing , ineffective program . I am using it without reading the manual , assuming that like the previous editions of the program , Word 2007 would be an easy adjustment -- I was VERY wrong.The horrible interface makes the previous Word 's seem technologically advanced . It takes at least three different tabs to even make a simple table that one toolbar made in the old versions.The default template uses an abstract sans serif font -LRB- Calibri -RRB- at a weird size -LRB- 11 pt -RRB- with 10pts of spacing in between each line . It takes me a good thirty seconds to format my document to the proper font , spacing , size , and desired margins.All I can say is I hate Microsoft for this . Vista has made my life even more frustrating . Word should be a simple program that is easily adjustable . Next time , do n't go so freakin ' heavy on the `` Simplified toolbar . `` Pros : Better graphicsMore fonts come with itCons : Almost everything-Poorly made interfaceRidiculous amount of information imposed on a massive toolbarMultiple tabs required for minor adjustmentsIdiotic new default templatesAnnoying Table makers
 This was purchased to replace a very aging office 2000 version on my computer , and add Office to my son 's computer for school work .1 -RRB- If you 've been using office for any length of time , the menu structure is radically different in the new version . Personally , I hate it . Others might like it .2 -RRB- This edition allows installing on up to three computers . A very good bargain for home use ... considering the `` business '' version of office costs about 3-5 times as much for EACH computer .3 -RRB- because these are home/student versions , all programs display `` non-commercial use '' in the top window title bar .4 -RRB- The native format for office files has changed . If you want to have others with an older version open your files , you need to take the extra step to save in `` compatibility mode '' .5 -RRB- If you do n't save in the new format , certain features will be limited . For example , if you open an excel 2000 spreadsheet that had a specific sort applied to the data using all three available criteria , only the first one will load into '07 and you 'll have to add the other two back in . -LRB- However , the new version is much more flexible ... in sorting , etc. more on that later . -RRB- 6 -RRB- Once you load office 2007 , be sure to go to Microsoft Update and get all the patches . Note
 I use this at work everyday . The outlook is great , because it offers a few new features and is really simple to use . However , the Word , Excel , and Powerpoint products have drastically changed . If you can find where they have moved everything it runs well , but do n't be surprised if you spend 20 minutes doing something that previously took you 2 minutes to do , because you ca n't find the right options .
 After self publishing several books using WordPerfect , I got tired of fighting the finickiness that WP exhibits with regard to dealing with graphics , and lulu.com does n't support templates for their odd format books . So , I bought Word 2007 and a book to help understand it . After growing up with word processors , this program makes me feel like I 've never seen software before . The help menu , because of their redefining terms , is next to useless and the book I bought does n't help much . But , I worked through a manuscript , only to find that lulu.com finds errors that I can not find -LRB- the file looks good both in . doc , . docx , and PDF . -RRB- Without the show codes that Wordperfect has , there seems to be no way to debug the file that seems ok in Word 's own viewer . After one week of toil with Word , I recreated the document in WordPerfect , which worked in lulu . This is the most frustrating piece of software I can remember dealing with . Perhaps it 's as nice as some of the reviewers say , but I wonder if they 've put it to a real test . In terms of help menus , this is a return to the past . I would n't recommend this program for anyone at this point .
 had to purchase this because my computer will not work with my work software . Had to install xp . so I had to purchase office twice . One comes with the new computer and one that I purchased .
 I 'll try not to repeat all the negative comments of which I generally agree . Office 2007 is not intuitive . -LRB- If it was , Microsoft would not have gone to the great lengths it has to show users how to find the functions they are looking for - see their website -RRB- . I was forced to convert from 2003 , which had its deficits but it was intuitive and it worked -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . An example of problems with Word 2007
 Yep , if you have any OEM version of Windows -LRB- XP or Vista -RRB- on your PC , then you can only install this on one PC . Read the license agreement , it is clear on this.What version of Windows do you have ? Well , if you did n't buy it yourself and install it yourself ; and if you did n't pay $ 100 extra when you bought your PC to have them install the Retail version , then you , like everyone else in the world , are using an OEM version of Windows.Once again , MS has left us feeling violated and sick . Read the license agreement . They market this as a 3 license solution , and in their own license , they limit it to 1 install.Beware , always be wary of MS licensing practices .
 I was not happy with the service of the seller.But I am very happy with the respond and service of amazon.com.Thank you for crediting my account .
 My new laptop came with that awful Vista system -LRB- ca n't aviod it -RRB- and a free trial version of MS Office . I was not informed that you must delete this trial version before you can install the purchased version . A simple installation turned into a three hour session with MS 's ` Help '' desk -LRB- a 1/2 hour spent being sent back and forth between ` installation ' and ` activation ' desks . It should n't be this difficult .
 Microsoft Word Home and Student 2007The copy of this software I bought recently failed microsoft validation of originality test today while I was just trying to download free software that are provided along with genuine home and student 2007 softwares.I 'm actually preparing to return this product for either a full refund of my purchase price or a genuine replacement . This product is only useful for people interested in pirated items .
 I initally ordered this product from another seller on Amazon and after a 4 weeks wait it never showed up . I therefore purchased it from Amazon along with next day delivery . Product never arrived next day in fact it took 4 days to get to Florida . Amazon refuned shipping fees but I would have prefered to have recieved my goods in the promised time frame.Will be very wary about buying goods again on line from Amazon .
 Never recieved the packagingAfter some correspondences , they sent me a link for downloading the software and an OEM number.I run a business and need the packaging on site.Now they are no longer on Amazon , go figure !
 First I was sent the wrong item and had to return it . I sent two emails to the vendor and received no answer and finally I received notice from Amazon that my order has been canceled because the item did not ship within thirty days . Not a happy customer .
 I 've not received the order yet , so I ca n't review it . I would like to cancel the order for non receipt . Please credit my account .
 I ordered Microsoft office Home and Student 2007 , but seller sent wrong item.I sent E-Mail to seller 4 times , but there was no respond . I return back to seller , but seller is not giving money back to me yet.I have been frustrate about it . I do n't know what to do . I feel like I am talking to wall .
 As the title says , I am very disappointed with Amazon.com . I routinely shop with confidence at amazon.com knowing that I can trust them to deliver what I order . This was not the case with this purchase.My daughter recently entered a post graduate editing program at UW and required Microsoft Word , so I bought her Microsoft Office Home & Student 2007 via Amazon.com . The product was advertised as a CD-ROM version of the software , however , that is not what I received . A few days later , I received a FedEx envelope from Ruckus Enterprises . The envelope contained a sheet of paper with download instructions for Microsoft Office and a 25-digit Product Code -LRB- license -RRB- . I was disappointed and confused about not receiving the packaged software , but time was of the essence and my daughter needed to edit papers in Word . So , I forwarded her the information and asked her to download , install , and activate the product according to the instructions on the sheet.Immediate ; y there were problems with activation . The product would not activate over the Internet and she had to call Microsoft directly . The product would still not activate and she was allowed 15 uses of the product before it became permanently unusable . To help her out , I made a housecall to see what I could do with the software . I uninstalled and re-installed the software twice and attempted activation three times . All attempts failed and then I noticed something odd -- the product 's title on hte header bar said , `` Microsoft Word Non-cmmercial version . '' The Microsft activation representative said that we may be victims of software piracy and the we should contact the vendor for resolution . I could not find any contact information for ruckus Enterprises , so I contacted Amazon.com directly.Amazon was nice , but simply directed me to email Ruckus Enterprises and then wait up to three days for an answer . It is now day two and no reply from Ruckus Enterprises . I will give them one more day as instructed by Amazon.com , but meanwhile my daughter can not work and I am out nearly $ 100 . I was not aware of the vendor review section , but I wish that I was prior to purcahsing from Amaon.com / Ruckus enterprises . Ten out of ten reviews were negative and all mirrored my experience . Apparently Ruckus Enterprises does not have the software nor licenses and simply distributes hacked software and previously used licenses.As I mentioned , I am very disappointed with Amazon.com , mostly for allowing fraud by one of their vendors . I am also disappointed that I did not receive the product as a packaged CD-ROM as advertised . I will thoroughly research each product and reviews before ever buying anything again on Amazon.com , that is , if I ever buy from Amazon.com again .
 I bought this when there was an offer for an upgrade to 2010 . Some of the reviewers claimed to have gotten it , but I did not . Nor can I find any good place to ask Amazon about it . I used to really like Amazon . The customer service is really not as good as it once was.The product itself is typical Microsoft fare . You 'd do better to stick with Open Office for free if you can help it .
 I 've only worked with the 2007 version of Word , so I ca n't speak to all of the `` upgraded '' applications that come with this office suite . I did n't like it very much because transitioning from previous versions was far from intuitive . I 'm sticking with StarOffice for my home computer , but will continue to use MS Office at work because I have no choice . On the job we are still on 2003 , and I 'm not looking forward to the day they install 2007 on my machine . I do applaud Microsoft for making a somewhat reasonably priced version of Office available , and for not restricting it to students only . I really think that is great , although it 's too bad that they do n't include Access for database work . Also , I saw that one reviewer says the license covers installation on up to three machines , and if that 's true then I applaud Microsoft for this as well . So I believe these positive aspects warrant the two stars I 've allowed in this review . If they ever decide to re-release Office 2000 Professional -LRB- they could call it `` Vintage Edition '' or something catchy like that -RRB- and sell it for about half the price of this package -LRB- stands to reason since it 's needed so many `` improvements '' over these few years -RRB- , I 'd not only buy it , but would add few more stars to its review .
 I have already removed this from my computer and reinstalled my old version . This new programme is horribly complicated . I do n't want to go out and take a $ 300 class to learn Word all over again .
 I 'm unhappy with it . People can not open my attachments unless they have a reader and no one has a reader . Also I lost my spell check with Outlook Express since Office Home and Student 2007 is not compatible with OE . It 's all been very frustrating . 2003 works much better at this point and I no longer have it .
 They took spell check out of Outlook Express in English , Spanish and German ! It defaults to French ! The audacity ! Yes , I know , others have mentioned it and offered welcomed fixes but I 'm giving it ONE star for ONE reason - to get the attention of those unaware BEFORE you buy - something I did not have the luxury of . What ticks me off , beyond the limit , is that I did not find this in any of the comparisons between this version and others ! You buy it and find out the hard way . Not right ! It should have been mentioned in the analysis ' , write-ups AND in it 's promotions - and should have been in bold print ! The sneaky traders ... We 're left at Bill Gate 's ` mercy ' as if he has any mercy ! I 've come to the regret of not having gone with Apple in the first place , after all these years of touting Microsoft over Apple ... They 're an honest and decent corporation and I extend my heartfelt apoligies to them.I 'm tired of getting the Gate 's Shaft . I 'm old and changing boats at this stage of my senility is going to be a challenge but my next computer WILL be an APPLE product !
 The Outlook portion of Office is to me the most important part of the Office product . Upon receipt of the item discovered it did n't even have what I originally ordered it for . Outlook is far superior to Windows Mail .
 I never received the Microsft Office Software I ordered and could never get a response from You or the seller as to what the problem was . Although Amazon.com was the one that charged my credit card account , you kept saying my problem was with the seller who would never respond to my inquiries and apparently you would n't help getting them to respond . I have asked my VISA to stop payment to you because I have n't received the software or a response from you or the seller . At this point , I will never order anything else through Amazon.com again.Roy Geisler
 Bloated Microsoft product that fills up way too much hard drive space for what it does . &#34; Office &#34; is SO 1990 's anyway , and this product really highlights that . It 's SLOW , cumbersome and practically useless due to all the &#34; freezes &#34; where product is stuck and I have to restart . Brand new computer running Windows 7 Home Premium 64 Bit -- another BAD PRODUCT -- with a 750 Gb hard drive but this product does n't work well and takes up too much space on my drive , further limiting what I can do .
 The only reason this has one star is because there is no zero star option . Like the increased number of rows in Excel but that 's the only bright point in MS office 2007 . The ribbon toolbar is not intuitive and was changed just for the sake of change . It adds no value to the product and needs to be reverted . For anyone who is technically inclined it causes you to spend endless hours to find out how to do anything in MS office . Things that have become almost instinctive are now painful . The new version of office should be banned as a public menace.For people who have never used MS office I suppose it works just fine , but for we who use it daily it is nearly useless . Get open office or an earlier version instead .
 This product should have been named `` Microsoft Office
 Unfortunately , my -LRB- public sector -RRB- employer still subscribes to the dogma that if it 's from Microsoft -LRB- or Oracle , or whatever conglomerate you can name -RRB- , it has to be good . My entire workplace has been afflicted with this garbage for years now . Frankly , taxpayers ought to be irate over the money squandered.To my mind , the single worst thing about this piece of crap is Microsoft 's ** unilateral ** decision to crank up `` improved '' file formats . Yes , I know that folks can do a `` Save As '' , and I know that one can change the default file type . The point is that most people do n't do this consistently , and it 's routine to have problems when exchanging documents with other organizations.In a time of unprecedented austerity , it 's incredibly galling that public sector organizations at all levels are wasting money on this cancer , when a superior alternative -- OpenOffice -- is available for ZERO dollars .
 I purchased this product to replace Word Perfect which is not compatible with MS Vista . I understood that it would convert my WP files and it does that however it would not convert/accept the MS Outlook Explorer address book in any MS windows mail or labels/address book file . There is no Help menu readily available and the on line help file does not address the issue of moving an address book from one MS windows program to MS Vista windows mail program.I received excellent service from Amazon.com but literally no service from Microsoft . I have repeatedly asked for assistance with this issue to no avail .
 I had been using Office 97 mostly just Word and Excel . Microsoft discontinued support for that version , so I thought I would try Office Home and Student 2007 . For me it is like a completely different and difficult proposition to learn where all the simplest functions are . With 97 I found it easy to create a macro that would paste unformatted text . I recorded my steps to do an unformatted text paste in 2007 , but when I use the macro it does n't repeat the steps I recorded . With 2007 you have to select from eight toolbars before you can find the function you need to use . I may go back to the Office 97 suite even though it is now not supported by Microsoft . Nevertheless , I did get the software for 2/3 the price at a local retail store . Maybe I 'll like it better later .
 When a friend told me over lunch that she loved Office 2007 , I said great , did they fix the list function so Word does n't forget list items sequence if you look at the screen wrong ? She said , no . How about tables ? I said . Does it handle tables better than it used to ? Again , no . How about styles ? Is it easier to create and maintain styles?Nope ... But , I needed to upgrade my word processing software and Open Office still seems a little clunky , so I bought this . And wow ! Why did they bother?I 've been using it for a year now , and I still have yet to find all the functions I used to use . Thankfully , I was able to download a free add-in that makes the old UI layout available . And do n't even talk to me about Excel . The free add in does n't work on Excel and I am freaking lost!So ... what do you get for your $ 100 - $ 300 for the various versions of Office ? I suppose the security features are better , and I do like the running word count they have added to the status bar . Beyond that , I do n't really see the point . Maybe it is worthwhile to consider Open Office ...
 If Microsoft 's Home and Student 2007 software were a test pilot it would have crashed the airplane . In test pilot parlance
 I could n't get past the first step , & there was no help line info . included !
 It has created all sorts of annoying glitches and after hours on the phone with some foreign Microsoft technician -LRB- whose English was very hard to understand -RRB- , she solved one problem only to create several other problems . Very upset .
 I do not like the new program . It is much harder to use than 2003 . It may have a few things that are now available in 2003 but the additions are not worth the frustration of having to search through all the different menues to find something that is available on the tool bar of 2003 . Why ca n't microsoft just add the new stuff without messing everything else up . That seems to be the way of all their upgrades!If I had n't paid so much for the program I would n't think twice about going back to 2003 . I may anyway !
 The product was sold referencing a one year free e learning subscription . The access code received in my purchase was invalid . Nobody would help me . Everyone says talk to Amazon for a valid code . I wasted so much time trying to get help .
 Shalom , STOP ! Do n't purchase this!Office 2010 is about to come out!Why waste your money on an outdated program ? It does n't work the same as the last version either and is a bit frustrating because of that . You used to be able to hit `` Save '' and it simply saved it on your desktop . You can still get it to do that but it takes a bit more work to do . If you are already running it in a desktop icon and you hit `` save '' it will save it again but it has to go to another icon location rather than that which you have been using . It may be that it does n't work as smoothly with Windows 7 as it did with XP but in any case , just wait for 2010 to come out and deal with the inevitable frustrations of all new programs then rather than now and again later when you decide to update to 2010 .
 Have been thrown by the new requirements of this software . It seems to me to have needless difficulties simply saving a doc to another location , changing formatting , and many other word processing tasks . I 'm struggling with a guide book published by Microsoft -- another $ 25 expenditure -- Office Home & Student 2007 which I should have got from Amazon but I needed answers right away !
 Since installing MS Office 2007 on my desktop and two laptops I have had nothing but problems and I use Word extensively for my work to write complex reports . The problems we have experienced , and continue to be plagued by are ; numerous security updates through MS that have created hardware problems , the fact that MS never informed us that Office 2007 did not have a compatible spellcheck interface with Outlook Express , documents and whole folders disappearing from one computer to another on USB drives , and creating such an impossibly complicated version of Word that it is taking me months to use it ... and I was exceptionally adept at Word 2003 , which we thought was a great program and used for years.NICE GOING MICROSOFT . WE NOW UNDERSTAND WHY MS IS SO DESPISED !
 The new ribbon design is supposed to make it easier to learn and use . It may be for some new users but for experienced users , it is n't . This version takes away some critical nuts & bolts customization features and many tasks now take longer to perform . This is not due to the learning curve , it is the inherent nature of the way the ribbon works . Once you are familiar with the program , nothing is faster than the old menu structure . If Microsoft added an option to allow users to choose between menus and ribbons , it would be the best of both worlds , satisfying the needs of both new and experienced users . The new version does not run macros as fast however . My recommedation for existing users
 I installed and tried to use this new version . The user interface is completely different . I went online at Microsoft to see what this was all about . They call it a `` Ribbon '' . What a mess . I ca n't find anything.It seems like it takes me so much extra time to do the most basic operations . If you have an older version of Office and it is working well for you , I highly recommend just sticking with it until Microsoft fixes it somehow . After reading reviews at other sites , I ca n't believe it actually had 4 stars on Amazon . On CNET , it was 5 out of 10 . I wish I would have read these reviews before I purchased it . I felt like I was driving a car with square wheels . If it is n't broken , do n't break it . The file conversion thing is also a lot of trouble to deal with .
 MS Office Student & Teacher edition has always included MS Outlook . Microsoft replaced the useful Outlook with the useless Onenote ?
 Wow , I 've never felt the need to write a review before , but Microsoft 2007 is horrible . I bought it for my laptop because I need it for school , but I really regret it . I wish I had bought 2003 instead ; it 's so much easier to use than 2007 . This edition I use mainly for Word , but I 've also used Powerpoint . At first I thought it was going to take a little time to get used to , but then it would be an upgrade from the old version . How wrong I was . I 've had it installed for over 2 months and it 's gotten no better . One thing I 've noticed is that it keeps trying to change things without me telling to , such as when I 'm trying to format my document , create an outline , tab correctly to type an MLA bibliography , everything - it 's trying to help by assuming I meant to do something -LRB- and thus doing it for me -RRB- when I REALLY do n't want to ! It 's horrible ! And forget the help button too - it does n't exist in this version . All I 'm trying to do is get my work done for school , but it takes me FOREVER just trying to get it the way it has to be formatted becase that 's not how Word 2007 wants it to look . This is a pain in my a ** , and my friends who have this and are used to 2003 all agree with me - why is it so difficult ? It really should n't be . So I urge you all - look at 2003 if you have the option , it 's much easier to use even if it does n't have the spiffy new appearance of 2007 .
 If you are accustomed to the 2003 version , good luck figuring out the 2007 version . Once again Microsoft took something that was pretty good and made it terrible .
 New interface is confusing and contra intuitive , format for docs is not compatible with old Office . The whole thing stinks . Stick with Office 2003 .
 The new office , 07 ' , is sleek , versatile , and visually stimulating . However , my experience with the software as a student has yielded much inefficiency for my productivity . Compatibility between 07 ' and 03 ' has been my problem . I expected all compatibility problems to be solved or transparent when this software became available . However , I have had significant disasters sharing my 07 ' documents with professors who use their University 's staple office 03 ' . I have recently learned you must manually manipulate the 07 ' file you are saving to be compatible with previous editions -LRB- 97 ' and 03 ' -RRB- . Again , without warning from the installation of 07 ' , I have had significant problems between my 07 ' files saved at home and the 03 ' versions at my University . I 'm sure some training on compatibility for all students and university members would ease the process . Therefore , I do n't recommend the conversion from 03 ' to 07 ' yet until your University has upgraded too .
 Do not buy from any software seller that does not have a long history and a high rating . These people robbed me and wo n't reply to my emails . The software worked for a little while and then quit . I was also promised a free upgrade to Microsoft Office 2010 . I keep getting an error message that the software needs to be activated and the product key code is invalid.After several days of trying , no reply from Sunshine E Commerce . They have probably changed their name and are still selling bogus software . Beware of `` MEGALOTS '' or any company that shows JUST LAUNCHED for their rating . Do n't waste your money get -LSB- ... -RSB- instead .
 After installing Office 2007 , I found that the program is exceedingly slow . Whenever you need to save a file , it takes forever to list the contents of a directory , and fancy new features like the reference mangement in Word take multiple minutes to display dialogs.It seems like computers should be getting faster not slower , and Microsoft has managed to turn my $ 3000 Core 2 Duo desktop into a very very slow machine . Thanks for all the bloat Redmond .
 After installing the Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 , I still can not open alot of my emails and videos . I thought this new Microsoft software would improve my system but instead it has messed it up even further considering I 'm just learning how to use the computer . I thought it would make things better not worse . No one told me when I bought it that it would not work with Microsoft XP . When I looked it up the web page said it was compatible to XP .
 I see this only as an obligatory purchase and an extra expense since Microsoft has the market on this and it is a pricey item to purchase for each computer we own . The product is n't perfect , but what other alternative would there really be in order to be compatible with the rest of the world ?
 Change can be good , but change for the sake of change is not always the best policy especially when producing a new version of an existing software . The changes implemented in this release are not fixes , nor do they increase productivity . They are simply a change .
 Microsoft , what in the hell were you thinking when you were designing the user interface ? And what was your trouble for not including the `` classic view '' option ? I should n't have to work so hard just to word-process , for heaven 's sake!Clearly , Microsoft has received and listened to the numerous and very loud complaints about the user interface in Office 2007 , as Office 2010 beta shows yet another redesign in an attempt to make the ribbon look and act more like the classic interface . What a mess .
 I have been using MS software since the 1980 's -LRB- DOS days , Windows 3.0 , and later -RRB- . What can I say about Office 2007 ? This is the WORST upgrade Microsoft came up with to date . The company I work for just did the upgrade to Office 2007 a few weeks ago , and here is my first cut at the PRO & CON : I did NOT see any improvement as far as user friendly , user interface , improvement in productivity , or similar things that are worth mentioning . The only improvements I consider as PROs are limited to Excel and are summarized below :1 . PRO- Excel Previous Limitation to 256 Columns X 65536 Rows has improved tremendously to 16,384 Columns X 1,048,576 Rows . This is a big improvement for people who manipulate a big amount of data . - The Filtering option in Excel allows user to apply multiple selection . That was limited in All previous versions of excel . - Removed the annoying office helper character2 . CON - Big change to The Graphical User Interface -LRB- GUI -RRB- , that makes it much harder to perform a simple task using any application -LRB- word , ppt , or excel -RRB- . - GUI and Menu bar very confusing , simple tasks are hidden or labeled in more confusing way . - A big loss of time for the new learning curve . - For those who do coding with VBA , Office 2007 has many glitches is NOT 100 % compatible with previous versions of VBA - VBA tends to run slower than VBA in previous Office package - File extension and File format have changes -LRB- . xlsx , xlsm , xlst , etc. regular user may not notice that -RRB- . - With Excel , office 2007 creates a temp file in addition to the file being used -LRB- use to be for Word documents only -RRB- . - Graphics and plots run much slower than in previous Office versions , and are not as friendly to create and manipulate as it use to be . - No Visible `` Help '' menu as was in previous applications - New GUI takes too much space from your screen , very inconvenient if you are using a Laptop - I found a few build-in excel function do n't work consistently - Many other features are just terrible addition and add to the user confusionOverall , this is a waste of time if productivity is your drive to upgrade . Stay away from it AS MUCH AS you can . Unless you deal with huge data file in excel , I do NOT see a reason to upgrade and waste time and money to learn something that you can do faster in more efficiently with your current Office.I hope this help . If you decide to go ahead with the upgrade . All the best and Good Luck !!!!!!!! For those who use office on a regular basis for regular daily tasks , you do the same thing for free using OpenOffice and you can get it here
 I bought this new version thinking in an improved product , beyond the nice colorful icons and columns added there is not much that I like in this version , I use a lot of graphs but for my surprise they even eliminated the custom graphs menu , now to make a two axes graphs with columns and a line is much more complicated . This is a typical situation of `` just make a new version to make money '' , same happened with Vista.MS should improve their products and not just make new a version to look like they are coming with a new wonderful version , in this case new version = worstI think 2003 and 2000 versions are much better.MS
 This program is so freakish , restrictive and over-engineered as to be a waste of time and money . My Office 2003 works better and cost less . I 'm planning to switch to Open Office or Google Docs , which is crappy now , but has most of what you need .
 Always wanting new and better humans are victimized by their folly only to get something that does the same thing in just a slightly different form . . Bill Gates and all other manufacturers know this and play it against our common reason . We fall prey to the weakness therein and then suffer consequences of only unknown proportions . Money changes hands , credit national debt increases and we all have something to replace that which already works or we can even get for free -LRB- open office -RRB- to accomplish the same goal . After all content is really what writing is about . Most great books and papers had even been written by hand !! BUT WAIT !! I 'm getting this dizzy feeling
 Stick with previous MS Office - It is so hard to use.Hold unto your older version of MS Office as long as you can.It is harder to use compare to the previous version.It is very annoying to use this software .
 If I had understood I was not allowed to write paid work for publication on this software I never would have bought it .
 I never received this item . I emiled the seller but did not receive a reply . Following the due date for delivery , I went to this site to observe other ratings and noticed several negative reviews beginning around the time of my purchase . It appears this vendor no longer sends paid items to customers - so do n't use him !
 If you have Office 2002 , keep it . Office 2007 is a giant rip-off . The WORD program is far inferior to the 2002 version .
 I purchased Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 only to find it did n't contain `` Outlook 2007 '' and `` Publisher 2007 '' . If I had purchased this from a local store , I could have exchanged it for what I wanted .
 This product is not as user friendly as the 2003 version . I am sorry I spent the money on this .
 I 've used Microsoft office for years , and I have no idea why they did what they did to word . It is terrible . I unistalled it and put my older version back on -- they turned an easy to use program into a clunk amateurish program that is full of headaches . I would n't buy another version of office until they come up with something better .
 I ordered this Student and Teacher Office package omly becauase I had `` used up '' the licensed copies from the previous version Office -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . My reward for trying to obey MicroSoft 's license agreement was software that barely recognizable . They also omitted the Outlook Express that was part of the Office 2003 package.Now , I need to relearn Microsoft Word because the 2007 version is sooooo different . Had I known this , I think I would have chosen to download OpenOffice -LRB- for free ! -RRB- . It 's interface is more intuitive and the price is right .
 It was total waste of money . The disk was cracked and the key code was not vaid . I want a repealment and total refund .
 There are so many things wrong in Office 2007 that an Amazon review is not a proper place to try to cram them all in , but I must give some examples.Even though M$ has blessed us with a `` ribbon , '' there are still nested modal dialog boxes galore , which still do not match the rest of the interface . Why exactly do I needAlthough Word 2007 has more features , it does n't come close to to Apple 's Pages . You can not close the last document without quitting the program . So if you open a wrong document , you will have to leave it open while opening a second document.Forget managing templates . Disaster . Lots of features , lots of default templates , but its a nightmare . In Pages , its very easy to create templates , create a hierarchy of templates , create different parts in templates , etc. . Not so in Word.PowerPoint still sucks . Modal dialog boxes . Still.Any more would require screen shots , so that 's all for this review.Recommendation
 If you create rich spreadsheets with lots of formatting , VBA etc , avoid Excel 2007 like the plague . Excel 2007 simply and effectively destroys spreadsheets with clinical precision . Sharing violation errors , corrupt files and countless hours of lost work lie ahead of you . And none of these problems are fixed with the newly released Service Pack 1 ! In summary - Converting old spreadsheets to 2007 formats - DOES NOT WORK - Re-writing old spreadsheets from scratch in 2007 formats - DOES NOT WORK - Working in compatability mode - DOES NOT WORKIt 's worse than the blue screen of death because you can continue to work without realizing there is a problem until you hit the save button . Then everything goes horribly , horribly wrong . If you think autosave has saved you , think again . You can work for hours thinking you have automatically saved work every couple of minutes only to discover that nothing has been saved and everything you have done is gone , gone , gone!How on earth any company with any commitment to quality could bring out a product like this is beyond me . Excel 2007 ... Subprime meltdown ... Co-incidence ?
 I 'm using the 60-day trial . Word is bloated and extremely difficult to navigate intuitively . Compatibility with older versions is an issue . -LRB- Speaking of compatibility , do n't get me started on Vista OS ! -RRB- Overall , I 'm very disappointed . Mastering this software will cost time and of course , more money . No , thanks .
 I had the older version on my desktop , and it was very easy to navigate . I could type what I wanted , and save it , and put it on my flash drive very easily . With this product there is an icon on the left that I had no idea was where all of those same things exist . I still have trouble remembering how to transfer my information to my flash drive , and once I have done it , I have trouble finding it again . I do not find this newer version to be user friendly at all . In my opinion , they should have left it like it was . Newer does not always equal better . The worse part is that you can not get the older version at all anymore . They should offer both for those of us who just want to do the same work on their laptop , without a bunch of hassle . Unfortunately , I did not have a disc from the desktop . It was already on my computer . Otherwise , I would have just put the older version on my laptop . I do n't recommend buying it , but this is all there is , so you 're stuck with it .
 The price was good ; But it took me 5 minutes to figure out how to open a file , and another 5 minutes to save a file . I 've been using the older versions of Office almost every day for a decade , and considered myself an expert in the tools , until the interface changed how everything is done . Maybe someday I 'll discover a backwards compatible mode that lets me get work done ; Till then I 'm returning to the older version . An annoying feature is the big tool bar at the top , I have a wide screen monitor , and space at the top is precious , I wish the tool bar could be placed on the side where there is plenty of space to waste . Although I 'm an engineer for the past 20 years , it took about 10 minutes to figure how to open the box ; I 've bought puzzles that are easier to figure out than this product.If you never used Office tools before , maybe this would be an OK version to learn , -LRB- once you figure out how to open the box -RRB- .
 There is very little new here . Everything has been changed , apparently , for the sake of change -LRB- and sales -RRB- . It is nearly completely counterintuitive . It took me 20 minutes to figure out how to draw a line in powerpoint . The Excell popups in powerpoint are unlabeled and can easily be confused with each other if you open more than one . Word fails to shut down about half of the time without generating an error message . Worst software I have ever purchased .
 If you have never used MS Office before then ignore this review , because you are unlikely to be bothered by the issues raised here.As an advanced Excel user for nearly twenty years , I have to say that Microsoft has rolled out the software equivalent of new Coke.Many professionals learned spreadsheets back in the 1980s when Lotus 123 enabled tremendous advances for ordinary business users . One of the great strengths of Microsoft Excel , when it became ready for Prime Time , was its ease of use for legacy 123 users . At that time , 123 was THE spreadsheet program for business and Excel was a newcomer trying to take market share.The latest version of Office is like a punch in the stomach for experienced users who have invested thousands of hours over many years mastering Excel , Word , PowerPoint and other software staples . I have not noticed the problem with Word so much ... how hard can one make typing , after all ? But new Excel is a productivity disaster.Does the Microsoft brain trust honestly believe that users hunt around with their mouse to execute spreadsheet commands ? The `` ribbon '' seems well-suited for that purpose and little else . Any keystroke commands or muscle memory that you may have developed over the past two decades ... forget about them . Need to put together a last-minute graph ? Order out because you are not going to finish before dinner . Whoever made the decision to NOT provide legacy keystroke support should have their head examined.I sincerely hope we can look forward to a service pack release to bring back `` Office Classic . '' Office 2007 may include features that , some day , I will come to appreciate . But unless and until I find a need for them , I am downgrading .
 While the ribbon feature is excellent , this version of office is buggy . It takes many more mouse clicks than necessary to get the job you are doing , done . Especially right mouse clicks . You have to click and click , and then graphics come up and get in the way , so you have to click again to get the graphics away so you can begin the clicking process again . I am in the middle of a college paper , and it is a frustrating experience ! Stick with office 2003 until the next version comes out , which I hear is soon , and as the prices have dropped fifty dollars - might be the proof .
 This version of office is the worst version I have ever used . Microsoft has decided they now what you want and how you need to do it and that is your only choice . All customizability is gone . The ribbons are huge space hogs and force you to use 2 , 3 , 4 clicks to do what used to take 1 click . You ca n't remove all the `` cutsie '' garbage they added you have to work around it . Do n't even try to make a chart in Excel . Charting can no longer be done in one process where you step through the formating , titles and location . Instead the chart is dropped right on top of your data with no titles or descriptions . Every thing you do in this version takes twice as long as it used to . Avoid this version of the software as long as possible .
 Do n't spend your money and time on Office 2007 -LRB- Word 2007 , Excel 2007 , PowerPoint 2007 , ect 2007 -RRB- if you have Windows XP or Vista.I tried to install and use Office 2007 and it really messed up my Vista computer and now even older versions of Office -LRB- including Outlook , FrontPage , XML Editor 2007 along with a few games -RRB- do n't run correctly even after Office 2007 was uninstalled due to damage caused in your Windows System Registry.I spent -LRB- listed below -RRB- on the phone -LRB- toll-free -RRB- with Microsoft 's various techs to fix the problem and even then I had to contact a `` Geek '' to walk me through fully removing this software.MICROSOFT TECH SUPPORT ASSISTANCE * 4hrs . 23min with Microsoft Office 2007 Tech Support -LSB- Jitendra in India -RSB- * 2hrs . 16min with Microsoft Office 2007 Software Escalation Team Support -LSB- Jim Cameron in Canada -RSB- * 3hrs . 7min . with Microsoft Windows Vista Technical Support -LSB- Jagjit Aheer in India -RSB- * 2hrs . 48min . with Microsoft Windows Vista Senior Support -LSB- Shane Daley in Washington -RSB- * 2hrs . 12min . with Microsoft Software Research , Development & Programing -LSB- Paul Crawford in Washington -RSB- and the problem was still not fixed!I then contacted a tech friend of mine in Folsom who works for Geek Squad who informed I should have talked with him first before I ever thought of purchasing the `` Office 2007 Nightmare '' -LRB- as they call it -RRB- because it has some serious bugs , freezes and shut-down issues in the core of the program which effects many other software programs installed on your computer.He also told me that Office 2007 uses a whole new file extension -LRB- . docm & . docx to name a few -RRB- which can not be read or viewed on older versions of Office until Microsoft releases a plug-in that actually works.I was told that if I want a good , stable , reliable and multi-extension `` Office-type '' software suite for my Windows Vista OS I should purchase one of the current Windows Vista compatible versions like WordPerfect or most any software other then Office 2007 ! Just a word of warning.I returned this software to Amazon.com and went with Word Perfect Office X3 which came with more software for a lesser price and no headache .
 I was disappointed with this purchase . A hard copy of the product was never shipped to me . I sent an e-mail to the seller and never received a response . Had I know it was a download purchase , I never would have made it . I wanted the box and disc .
 The interface is completely changed . Auto-formatting of captions and citations is hopelessly broken and non-functional . Styles do not stay - Word reverts to default no matter how many times you change it . Randomly reformats document to new text/spacing/alignment . Text flow around images hopeless broken and non-functional . Basically - it all looks different , nothing works , and there appears to be no hope if getting it fixed any time soon . Save your money and sanity , buy an older version such as 2003 , download the free converter so you can read documents from people who have unfortunately `` upgraded '' to 2007 , and wait until the next release . Or two . Or three . Or for a competitor to come out with a functional word processor.Basically - this is the most useless suite of applications I 've ever had the misfortune of owning . Avoid it .
 At first I thought it was new , although it was second-handed , since it was introduced it was new . But I found that it seemed to be open , judged by the appreace .
 seller never sent item and was contacted several times with no responsewhy are these type of sellers allowed to continue selling on Amazon
 I am a basic user of word processing and had been using word 2003 . Afterbuying 2007 I bit the bullet and figured it would take a while to learn the new layout . I have been at it 8 months now and I would rate the new version very poor . It is difficult to find the most basic things like the margin ruler and basic features . I still can not number my pages on documents . It automatically pops up old documents I do not want . If you have the student version -LRB- still expensive -RRB- you can not email your document directly -LRB- I spent two hours with customer support before realizing you could n't do it -RRB- . I bought two of the books published by Microsoft buthad trouble finding the most basic things , like how to prevent this problemof leaving a word by itself when formating the text and having to go back , back space insert etcIn long lists the right and left spacing drifts causing multiple butmaddening corrections . It looks to me that it was just a rearrangementof the 2003 program in order to sell the `` latest '' `` update '' . I consider the new . docx extension to be an example of dishonesty in business again trying to sell more product . If you accidentally sendyour `` new 2007 '' . docx file to someone with older versions of Word -LRB- most of the world -RRB- they will not be able to open the file . I think it is dishonesty in business to take out a basic feature of emailing a documentfor the `` student version '' to try to force the customer to buy thefull version . I am going to call India and see if I can restore myWord 2003 - of course I will have to pay.Thomas F. Kline MD. .
 The new look of the software is really confusing . I 'm not a computer expert by any means , but I am knowledgeable enough that my family and friends call me to help them fix their computers and software problems , so I 'm not a newbie either . I understand the basic idea that some things are on the screen for you to see , the things they consider to be the most important ; but the things I use the most , like frame or underlining are now several click away and you ca n't customize the menus to what you like . They 've put up what they think is important and that 's it . If you use other features , you 're out of luck ... it 's hunt and peck every time . You also have to learn to think the way they think . If you want to find a feature , it might not be in the menu set of screens you think . They may consider it a different type of feature than you think of it being , so you have start searching all the different sets of menus to find the feature you 're looking for . Also , I like to copy and paste from boxes like this , when writing on the internet , for spell checking ... well you ca n't do that anymore because when you paste back your text it appears in HTML format with all the weird stuff that goes along with it . It might be that I 'm just too set in my ways and do n't feel I have the time to learn a completely new software to do a simple letter . Maybe if I had the time to relearn everything I might find it easier , but I just do n't have the weeks it would take to devote to the study of each product -LRB- Word , Excel mainly -RRB- . I got the software and tried it for several months and went back to my old Word and Excel .
 Sure , this release has lots of `` improvements '' . I 'll focus on Excel . The biggest potential improvement is that the row and column maximums have been opened up.Beyond that , I 've encountered nothing but problems . * Once a document is saved in the new . xlsx format , Excel would not save back to the older . xls format . Instead , it just hung . * The software refused to change the limits on a date x-axis of my charts . Instead it blithly reset the values back to the original values . * It is SLOW . Clicking on a curve in a chart could take 10-20 seconds to respond . * Occasionally , Excel would just crash for no obvious reason . The up side is that it would restart with opening the same workbooks.Also , as usual , I have been unable to find a place on the Microsoft web site to report such troubles . All I 've been able to find are FAQs that answer queries unrelated to the problems I 've had.Maybe you can work with that . I gave up and am just hoping that my new laptop is still functioning by the time that Microsoft gets around to noticing such glitches and releasing a service pack . Maybe next year ?
 I was looking forward to this newest version . As soon as it finished loading , I started in to get some work done in Word and Excel . Little did I know there was a nasty shock waiting for me ! What was this cartoon-like gibberish all over the screen ? Where were the menu bars ? Icons ! Icons ! Everywhere icons ! All I could think was I had accidentally received the Student Edition for Pre-schoolers . It is a nightmare to navigate . If you scroll over one of the cartoon icons ; you get a pull-down menu that makes a Rubik 's Cube look easy . I think MS forgot the most important rule of all - K.I.S.S.I have used Excel and Word almost every day for the last ten years . Like others who have commented on this new version , I make my own menu/tool bars and can navigate through the programs with no problems . There are always a few adjustments when a newer version arrives which is fine . But this ? Forget it!I have removed 2007 and reloaded 2003 . Back to the drawing board on this one Microsoft ! Dump the cutesy and give us streamlined , neat , usable programs .
 This is the worst thing since the Office Assistant animated paper clip . Forcing the `` ribbon '' on the user assumes that the user likes icons -LRB- I do n't -- what 's wrong with words ?? -RRB- , and fills too much of the screen real estate . Nothing is where it should be . And what arrogance on the part of Microsoft to provide no alternate views , no `` classic '' view , just these piles and piles of inscrutable icons . Another oppressive , giant waste of my time and money at the hands of Microsoft .
 Before you buy this edition , be aware that the title of every document you open with it will include the phrase `` non-commercial use '' . Apparently , the bean-counters at Microsoft decided that we need this daily reminder that we bought the cheapskate edition .
 Word documents created in Office 2007 now have the . docx extension which is incompatible with previous editions of Office and all 3rd party office applications such as Word Perfect , etc.If you load this on a couple work computers , you will have to go to every machine in the company and install a large `` office compatibility pack '' in order to read . docx files . I have not been able to get the compatibility pack to download for Macintosh and the word on the street has been that Microsoft is ending support of Apple products.So if you want a whole lot of frustration and angry end-users , purchase Office 2007 . Otherwise stay with what you have or get OpenOffice -LRB- or NeoOffice for Macintosh -RRB- .
 While I am not what you would call a power user of computers , I am still a user . I started with computers , back with my best friends Commodore 64 , so it has been a while.At work I started back in the days of MS DOS , and 5 & 1/2 '' floppy 's . I learned word processing on Office Writer , and then we moved to the first versions of windows , and moved to Lotus Applications , I learned all the key board short cuts , learned how to make slide presentations , write spreadsheets , and use Lotus Notes and Amipro . Then My company decided to get out of IBM entirely and we moved to Microsoft Office , which was n't nearly as efficient as our by then out of date Lotus 123 v 3.1 , then we upgraded to Office 97 , which was an improvement , -LRB- then We got out of Legacy and went Oracle , but that is another sad story -RRB- . Then I got Lotus 10 for home and it sucked , so I got Office 2000 at home which was better still , then at work we upgraded to Office 2003 , which was better still.So imagine my disappointment this year when I had Office 2007 bundled into my new laptop . It is so counterintuitive in it 's operation , that I went and loaded the Lotus into My laptop until I can go Buy another copy of an earlier version of Office . Maybe I need to get a how to book , but since I have been using computers for over two decades without a class before , it seems like it is the software not me.But that 's just me .
 It went to the wrong address and when I gave them a new address they refunded my money citing security concerns , when I tried to purchase again it came up for more than the previous purchase am still without the product
 I received the disc and paperwork in the packing noted in the photos . However ... the package had to be destroyed in order to get to the disc and paperwork . I even tried the normally effective method of having my children and grandchildren attempt to open the package , but after nearly 4 hours I had reached a point of not caring whether the packaging survived and opened the package with a trusty hammer . So , someone explain to me again the theory of
 I first loaded wordperfect into my computer , but , later found it would be easier to have microsoft because of work . I was really put out trying to figure out how to access regular functions that are usually self-explanatory . I 'm still ` picking ' through what each button contains , and trying to figure out why microsoft seperated some functions from others . This program does n't feel like a microsoft program . I 'm finding that I use wordperfect for it 's ease and familiarity for non-work activities . Even my daughter found it to be un-intuitive and she 's very computer savy .
 I have had this program for several days and have tried to load it numerous times . Have gone to the microsoft website and followed the directions and still it will not load . I had a trial word program and removed everything I could find and still no luck . It seems Microsoft has struck again with something loaded on my machine to prevent this .
 This item was VERY difficult to open , and it took me and my husband a long time to find some special number -LRB- on the box -RRB- required to load the program on to the computer . As for the program itself , I prefer the earlier version . It seems as though , these days , the most important thing is image
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I purchased this product with the understanding that MS Office products are better than Corel 's WordPerfect Office products . I was sadly mistaken . The navigation system in this software is not user-friendly . The proofing tools , especially for us who write in multiple languages , require an extra purchase of a language pack . This product does not contain , Outlook , instead the purchaser must buy another product . Be warned that you can not use this product for commercial use . I did not see this posted anywhere on the materials , but I discovered this once I installed the program . I suggest that you read the agreement carefully . During the installation of this program , an option is available to not overwrite old versions . I had purchased MS Office 2003 . After installing the product , and selecting the option of not overwriting the older versions , MS Word no longer works with MS Outlook version that I have . Obtaining technical support is also very costly , for instance , an e-mail will cost you forty-nine dollars . There apparently is no grace period for those who purchase this product . I have also found that working with MS Excel is another problem area . For those who are considering purchasing this product ; I recommend that you do not waste your money . Yes , MS Office has some strong points , but are the price of the product , and the extra costs worth your hard earned money?The features of this product , in comparison to the earlier versions , are not impressive enough to do an upgrade . If you are a first time buyer of MS Office products , and you have the intent of using this product to manage a small business , or a home based business . I suggest that you look at other office systems .
 I have had numerous problems with this program and I uninstalled it because it was messy up my computer although I have Vista and that could be the real problem .
 I have used MS Office since the beginning . This is the first time they came up with an upgrade where you have to forget everything you ever knew and start over . Even if you put in the time to learn it I did n't see where it did anything more than the older versions did . I reinstalled office XP and will never upgrade a MS product again .
 I had the Trial version installed on my computer when I bought it three months ago . I had to purchase this just to get the key to continue to use it . I bought a box with the works only to get a number off the box . I am disappointed to say the least . I should be able to get something more for my money than the number on a box .
 This product is a step backwards - is does not even have the commands I use at work on Excel 1997 version . Vista crashes once a day , whether I need it or not . It also crashes and locks up when I dare to have multiple windows open.Another disappointment by Gates & crew - my next computer is a MAC !
 I believe the next time Microsoft makes a new version of the Microsoft Office Suite , perhaps they should go back to DOS . I have never had the displeasure that I have now since purchasing this software suite . Imagine everything you know about Microsoft Office being stripped away and being replaced with a new program that has the same exact functionality -LRB- nothing new what so ever -RRB- , only every button , check box , function , and flexibility being stripped away . What you are imagining now is the new 2007 version . If you buy this program , the moment you start it for the first time , you will realize you made a mistake . Go back to 2003 .
 If you are a first time user of Microsoft Office or a current user of a older version with alot of time to relearn the software interface this is the product for you . It works well enough but having to retrain is very costly . I think this is a move from Microsoft to differentiate their product from the competition . Less open more proprietary . The problem is that the software user pays . I currently use MS Office 2007 and Sun Open office 2.2 . My wife likes Open office , I have not decided yet .
 They have changed the interface in a way that has now taken me hours to figure out how to make something work . I have used Office for years with great success and some design genius at Microsoft has changed the interface in a way that so confusing . The wheel was working and they re-invented it . NOT HELPFUL AT ALL !
 Just to mention , didnt ' realize this was 2007 , installed it and do n't know how to use it ... hate Microsoft !!!! Sick of them changing stuff so much that you have to go to school to use something you 've been using since 1998 !!!! So ... I bought a 2000 version . When did America start allowing monopolies again ? I thought that was a thing of the past ???
 Sadly the item looked like it was open and used . When I uploaded the info to my computer it caused my computer to freeze and shut down when I used the program .
 Ruined 2 of my vcr tapes . Defective . Cost me $ 27.00 to ship back . What a rip off.Al
 Not received the order ... not one person even suggested it was not coming , I had to find out where it was , and even then they said it was delivered and it was not ... this was crucial for my work to have this software and no one responded to offer another product or to send it ... BAD MARKETING -- BAIT AND SWITCH .
 The company who sold me this product they stole my money , because I never received , this is my worst experience
 Product was for XP not Vista , which the product information did not say . It was incompatabile with my system and caused all kinds of virus issues .
 I bought a new computer with Vista premium home edition -LRB- another mistake -RRB- so I got this for my daughter and myself to work with . I spend at least 5 minutes trying to get Word to open each time I access it . I click on it and it spins , then when it quits spinning , it runs a virus scan . When the program finally lets me access it , I spend an inordinate amount of time trying to find what I am looking for . I have better things to do than sit here and wait for a program to open up for me to use it . It is a pretty looking program but the older versions of Office are much better . My computer has plenty of power so that is n't an issue with this disaster . Just stick with Office 2003 and with Windows XP .
 This product was a great disappointment . The documents it generates can not be read by anyone who has an earlier version of Word . It takes a time-wasting workaround to create a comprehensible document . It takes much longer to launch than previous versions of Word . Unless you have Windows Vista , you ca n't launch it from your start bar ; you must go to My Documents and click on `` New . '' Do n't waste your money .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I am sorry I did not take the time to see the 2007 H & S before I bought it . The customer support person who represented MS agreed the people I bought my XP from -LRB- March 2009 -RRB- did not do a good job when they installed MS Works 2003 . I had not known there was a `` Works '' and an `` Office '' version for some years . Do n't ever buy a Works unless you just want a typewriter -LRB- Word in it -RRB- . The 2007 is too `` floaty '' for me.I had been using Office 2003 at work and Win 98 Office at home until my computer died . 2007 is fine for a new user or a young person . I am 64 and have visual problems . Having to re-learn everything is very difficult - especially having so many new things and new `` names '' for them . At church I am using Office 2003 in the library . I 'm going to see if maybe I can exchange my 2007 -LRB- give it to them -RRB- and take their 2003 version . Even with its problems 2003 has crisp lines and easy to read toolbars . You can do some neat graphics things with 2007 but I do n't need that feature . So be sure you see a program in action before you buy it if it is an update . Susan Vee
 ... I never received this product ... I sent 4 different messages to Charlotte Software , and your feedback system sent me copies of each ... I received no response them ... I know my shipping address is correct , because I have subsequently ordered and received two computer related items from Amazon to that address ... I notice that Charlotte Software was a new supplier , and had not yet received any grading in your evaluation system ... needless to say , I want my money back . . HK Ball
 At the moment I can think only of AbiWord , Sun , OO , and I 'm sure there are other ways to put together a decent office suite . Spreadsheets ca n't be hard to find . I have n't and wo n't use most MS products . Word2008 on an iMac or Vista PC . I do find it staggering that there ins n't any BC ! It 's , like , my way or the hiway ! They wo n't be top gun forever . In fact , I am really surprised of the seeming lack of interest in new OS 's . Except , of course , Linux ! When the Wings are Fully Spread ...
 Very confusing to use . Ca n't find half of the commands to complete a project . Certainly not worth it 's price tag . Stay with 2003 version .
 I absolutely hate Office 7 ! My netbook did n't have Office , so I bought this software , thinking it would have the old familiar tools that I have used for years without having to think about the process . NOT SO ! I ca n't even find half the buttons I once used , for all of the garbage drop down menus . What happened to the simple row of icons?This is so foreign to the Word , Excel and Power Point software I have used for years that I can not do even the most fundamental things.I did n't want to take a class or screw around with the software until I could figure out the new way . I have too much to do.At this point I definitely recommend the free OpenOffice software . At least it looks more familiar .
 Microsoft decided it was time to change paradigms and go with a `` menuless '' system with Office 2007 . This may make it easier to the most basic of users to get started using some things , but for anybody that is comfortable with previous versions of office or needs more than `` the basics '' this thing is a disaster . The addition of OneNote is of dubious value unless you have a tablet PC , and the removal of Outlook leaves users searching for another solution or moving to online solutions since Outlook Express -LRB- or even the replacement Windows Live Mail -RRB- does not cover more than the basics.It is functional , and can do most of what you want it to do , but Microsoft Office Home and Student Edition is a serious misstep . If you are comfortable with previous versions of Office , you might be more comfortable with OpenOffice , which has the Office 2003 look and feel ... and is FREE for the full suite , not a paired down collection .
 I HATE THIS PRODUCT !!! Is not compatible with earlier version ! Ca n't make revisions to `` compatibility version , '' everything 's deleted when it 's closed . Power Point does n't have same WordArt options as older version , so again ca n't transfer . Means all my old ppt versions have to be converted & then are not `` showable '' on other computers with old version !
 I was unable to use this product because when I tried to download the product , I could not because the product key had bee used before . I was very disappointed because as I am a teacher , I need the Mictosoft Office to be effective in my job . I am also disappointed because Amazon has previously been very good about the products that I have purchased . It is my understanding that since it is computer software that I can not return it .
 I was never able to load this program and had to go through Microsoft to get this done . I had a crash in 2012/March and had to do this and was able but was warned of abuse by seller/license/product key , apparently resold several times by holder/seller . I now have a new Computer and have been blocked and told of extreme abuse of product key license by multiple sellers/holders . I personally have never used my copy except in my home computer and now have a very costly copy that is no longer any good .
 This product did not work . The product key was not valid . I am very unhappy and angry ! Do not order from this company .
 I purchased this product in August 2010 and it stopped working . I was told the product key was invalid . As for the `` phone option '' that is supposed to always work ----- where is the number in which said phone option is to always work ?? Oh and btw I got a print out of instructions instead of a cd or product key card ... . that should 've been my first warning this was a fly by night company . I emailed and no response AND I 'm out $ 70 I paid for this . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER YOU WILL GET NO COMMUNICATION AND/OR RIPPED OFF !!! They should n't be allowed to even sell on Amazon with this horrible track record just awful .
 Since the moment I installed this on my Dell Inspiron , Microsoft installs 16 updates every evening when I shut down . Not 15 , not 17 , always the same . I have the strong suspicion that it is installing the same 16 updates over and over through some glitch . I am not happy about this part of it .
 We purchased Microsoft Office 2007 in August 2010 , , a cd was advertised ; however all we received was paper downloadable instructions.When we contacted Worldwide , they apologized for the wrong code & sent us another one ... which has never worked.We kept emaling Worldwide letting them know that they told us we were purchasing the CD -LRB- hard copy -RRB- of Microsoft Office , & to please send it , but they have not done anything about this . We 're out about $ 80.00 . Not happy !!!!
 I will make this review short and sweet ... I purchased Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 from Continential Enterprises -LRB- heading on their email to me -RRB- . When I tried to activate it , I was told by both my computer and the Microsoft telephone activation center that the Product Code was invalid and had been installed on the maximum number of computer PRIOR to my purchase . WOW ! People never cease to amaze me . BEWARE !
 this person was rude and never sent out my item i order and when I e-mail him about it he e-mail me back saying he sent it and he not giving me a refund and I needed it for school so i reported him to amozon .
 I have a licensed copy of Office 97 . On two home computers now -LRB- after retirement -RRB- , we had problems.We got messages that `` help is no longer supported '' . Files would not print on one computer.Messages indicate something like `` registry is corrupted '' on the computer I use most frequently.My wife is not a regular user , but we decide to get a valid copy of Home and Student 2007.2007 is miserable . Not user friendly . Awful to use in comparison to other Office versions . Help function is abysmal . The published book `` for Dummies '' was not even much help . The program is hard to use and I had years of Microsoft general user experience , writing letters for years , producing data reports in Excel etc. . My wife has constant problems as a rather novice user . She did well with Office 97 . This version always gives us both a headache.I loved Word Perfect before our office situation dictated a change to Microsoft . I debated on trying the latest WP home version . I regret that decision to stick with Microsoft and may still try WP .
 I never received the item and never received any feedback from the seller after numerous emails
 I have tried to load the software for over three weeks . Each time , I am blocked by what is apparently an `` invalid '' product code . Please accept this as formal notice of my intent to return said product to you within the thirty-day return period . I had to open the package in order to access the erroneous product code-so I was unable to comply with that aspect of your return policy .
 I have ordered from this company twice , no communication on why orders were not filled . Never received the merchandise . I was not charged , but when you are on a time line , this can throw your whole schedule out of whack . I do not recommend using the `` new mall '' .
 I bought this copy of Office 2007 and its appearance is that of a counterfeit product , it came in a white sleeve and the CD label is off center with the printing qualities barely readable ; there is also no instructions booklet .
 Perhaps if you would include written instructions on what all the new `` bells and whistles '' do , your product would be more useful to those of us who have used your previous editions . Documents that used to take me 3-5 minutes to type , layout , print and/or send now take 4-5 times as long . Why did you change all the icons and drop menus that you had before that made things so much easier ! WHAT GIVES , I DID N'T MEAN TO RATE THIS PRODUCT WITH EVEN 1 STAR AND NOW IT 'S RATING IT AT 2 , BUT I COULD N'T SEND IT WITHOUT FILLING THAT REQUIRED FIELD !
 I was having trouble with my old copy of Word occasionally freezing up because Vista is a crappy platform . I finally decided to `` upgrade '' to Office 2007 , thinking this would solve my problems . WRONG ! I tried opening a plain text document so I could manipulate it in the new Word . The program froze up immediately and consistently . So I tried Rich Text format . What I got was a page of useless little text boxes that are nearly impossible to use unless I cut and paste them individually into a new blank document . For this level of aggravation I paid nearly a hundred bucks ? I am seriously tempted to uninstall and go back to my old copy . This is ridiculous . Does anyone at Microsoft give a damn about the end user ?
 I ordered an item with like a month window for shipping and my item was never received . I tried to contact this seller twice with no response . Please pay -LRB- if you buy -RRB- with amazons guranteed money back .
 Being use to the upgrades in the past , I find the new Office a little hard to read & not so easy on the eyes . I 'm slightly above-average computer literate so it was easy for me to transition . However , I recommend to the individuals who are simple-minded -LRB- i.e. my dad 83 -RRB- and set in their own ways , to continue using their older version of MS OFFICE . The newer version would take me months to explain to my dad how to use IT & he would most likely give up & / or beg for the original version .
 I NEVER RECEIVED ITEM , SO ALL I CAN DO IS SAY `` DO N'T TRUST THE MERCHANT ` RAINDEERGOODS ' ! ''
 i ordered the vista did not get it the seller told me she would refund my money , and has not done so yet . this disc will not even open on my computer , so thanks alot for just taking my money and giving me a worthless disc .
 I recently got a copy of MS office and much to my surprise it turns out that using their previous versions of Word was just a wast of time as now I have to relearn it all over again with Word 2007 . What the hell are they thinking over in Redmond , that since they took the time to screw up a perfectly good software program that I have the time to learn the new version . Short of a Vulcan mind meld with some Red Bull laced eastside computer dork , how am I supposed to intuitively know what all the graphic symbols that they use instead of a pull down menu are supposed to mean ? It may have more `` connectivity '' for large offices and email based needs , but one would think that Microsoft , of all people after their antitrust suit , would understand the value of not always needing `` connectivity '' . And to top that off -- Word 2007 does everything in its power to consume my old Word files , wanting to turn 10 years of stuff into worthless hard drive filler.Saying that word 2007 is better than the older versions is like saying that Vista is better the XP -LRB- OK , I dont think Word 2007 makes my computer crash every hour like Vista does , but I havnt used it enough to be sure . -RRB- Excel and the rest are fine .
 Talk about `` user hostile '' !!!! this software is almost impossible to use ... . Due largely to the built in ` intuitive features ' ... This would be great software IF YOU COULD DISABLE ALL `` INTUITIVE FEATURES '' but you can not , and if you disable them individually they will only return by themselves when ever they feel like it ... It is really miserable to use , in a word JUNK !!!!! ... This software has quadrupled my work time on any given project , caused almost exclusively by fighting it 's recurring nightmarish ` intuitive features ' ...
 Order product a month ago never received trying to get credit for never receiving product . Contacted seller with no responce . Never had this to happen before when ordering . All products over the past were excellent . I guess i just have to be more aware of sellers reviews .
 This was not what I expected . The cd was not in the box . It had no certificate number . The label looked smeared . I do not recommend this seller .
 I have a 64 bit computer and mistakenly bought the wrong one ... even though Student 2007 was loaded into it when manufactured .
 Microsoft must have unleashed all of their employees to look favorably on this product.DON ' T BELIEVE ANY POSITIVE FEEDBACK . THE RIBBON IS G A R B A G E! !! I would like to personally sit down with anyone who thinks they can be more productive with this product.If you must buy MS Office , stick to 2003 . Ugh .
 The seller did n't view my original order . So , needless to say , I never received by order . The seller ignored my emails . Now I 'm at the end of my transaction . It seemed to be such an easy buy . Well , so it goes . It is now being handled by the appropriate parties .
 dont buy anything from Matchbee as i have just found out from microsoft piracy department that matchbee should not be selling any of microsofts software
 If I could find a copy of 2003 I ' d overwrite this sofrware in a minute . It is not user friendly and my guess the game plan was to sell textbooks for everyone because you have to relearn the ENTIRE Word and Excel format .
 I was sent the wrong product and never recieved product I wanted . I did get my money back though .
 I went from Microsoft Works to this pile of junk . The computer consultants I use also agree . I may be an ignorant old man but they are not.If you are over 40 years old -- DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I purchased two of these and discovered after opening the box that the suite does not include Microsoft Outlook . There was no way to return the product since the box was opened despite my complaints that the images online were not clear and what appeared to be Outlook on the front cover really read `` OneNote '' - a completely different program - but yes , begins with the letter `` O. '' With the image being unclear , I should have inquired by calling but it would have been a lot more helpful if the image was clearer so that we could know what we were buying . While Amazon customer service was helpful , a refund or credit was out of their hands because the product was sold via a third-party vendor - who was very unfriendly . I would not recommend this product nor would I recommend purchasing anything through a third-party since there is little if any recourse you have as a customer when purchasing their products .
 The product did not work . Because it had originally been purchased by another owner , I did not have the copy rights to install it , so it was a complete waste of money .
 Office 2007 exemplifies the arrogance of companies that have a captive market -LRB- they are not the only one -RRB- . I have been using Excel since the late 1980s , and consider myself as an advanced user . The previous upgrades have shown quantum leap types of improvement
 The disc came broken and I have not been able to get it replaced . The sender said he would send an address where I could send it back . But I have never received the address or instructions on how to return.The sender later said I could download the product from the internet but the site he gave me was not operating.I am still waiting . Can you help , I would like my money back so I can purchase the item locally .
 Last time I purchased Microsoft Office , Outlook was part of the package . I was very disappointed that it no longer comes with the office package . I waited a month to receive the software . I had to get in touch with the people that were suppose to send it two or three times before they sent the product . It is definately not worth the purchase price .
 It was received timely and then I tried to load it . Windows said they had encountered a problem and would have to close when I tried to install . I thought that it was me or my computer . I finally , after several times of trying , even calling We Care , got a man who was more computer literate than myself to help me . He said there was something wrong with the disc so I am returning it . I am not unhappy with We Care . I think it was just a flook of some sort . But I do want my money back . Wanda E. Selby
 I had version 2003 of MS Office and upgraded to the 2007 versionwhich was a big mistake . The new version is not very user friendly , well thought out , and just plain terrible .
 Once again Microsoft reverts a rip-and-replace product instead of a backwards-compatible product upgrade . If you create a spreadsheet or word document with Office 2007 and send it to someone using any other version of MS Office , they will not be able to open the file . You will soon find out that very few people use Office 2007 , nor should they . Save your money and download Sun 's Open Office or IBM Lotus ' Symphony . Both of these products are open source , and they are free . They offer the same basic functionality , and they are both better and more flexible than any version of MS Office .
 I seel lots of glowing reviews and discussion about the big new feature , `` The Ribbon '' . I participated in the Beta of Office 2007 and found it to be a bit more interesting to use than previous versions . You have to learn a whole new approach to Word and Excel to effectively use the ribbon . For my way of working , the ribbon is not an improvement but more of a hindrance or annoyance . It also takes up lots and lots of space on your monitor . My preference is to use full screen mode where I see just the page I am working on with no menu distractions or tabs . Just a nice clean sheet . The office software is monstrously huge and with the exception of Excel , the programs run slow as molasses on my 3GHz DELL . Outlook 2007 is not included in this version , which may be a good thing . It was the slowest of the lot when I used it extensively at work . Message previews took forever to appear after changing folders.The problem seem to be that MS wants to keep adding feature after feature and `` conveniences '' as they deem necessary which bloats the software and makes it drastically over complicated . At the same time , they seem to have paid little attention to improving the user experience . Software needs to be smooth and responsive with a clean intuitive uncluttered interface to be a productivity enhancer.Office 2007 is just the opposite . I 'm back to Office 2000 -LRB- uninstalling the yucky Beta wiped out my entire previous installation of office , thanks Microsoft -RRB- , and you know what , Office 2000 may not have the bells and whistles of 2007 , but it works just great and produces excellent documents and spreadsheets . I see no need to upgrade and it would probably be wiser to buy MS shares with your hundred odd dollars as you can guarantee the world plus dog will simply have to get this new stuff or they will feel like they are sooo behind the times.My parting advice
 Office 2007 is a pretty big leap from the previous versions , which can be nice for newer users , but the attempt to make things easier tends to make things harder for those of use who are used to a more classic system . If you 're strapped for cash or just do n't want to spend $ 70 - $ 150 just to do some spreadsheets , word documents , powerpoint presentations , etc. there 's always openoffice . This is a decent product , but I 'm always surprised at how few people know of the free , open source alternatives . There 's also Abiword if you just want a word processor .
 I bought this product and had it sent to someone else . My neice called in a panic because she could not get it registered , finally had to call Microsoft for activation because registration key had been used to the maximum . Product working great .
 Received my order , started loading software , then prompted for a key code . Clicked the help to determine location of key code . Discovered that the `` certificate of Authenticity '' had been removed from the box . This leaves me with nothing more than a `` Trial Version '' at this point.I have contacted Amazon for a possible remedy.Haven ' t even had a chance to check the software out yet ... so no comment on that aspect.Received an e-mail from Amazon ... new product is being shipped ! Two thumbs for Amazon on this one .
 I have Microsoft Office 2007 Home and Student Version which states on every page `` NON-COMMERCIAL USE ONLY '' . I never noticed this warning until I started taking writing classes . My class teacher and others did not know what this meant and I had to call Microsoft to find out . You are not even able to send anything by email . This came bundled with other software when I bought my computer . -LRB- no caution here -RRB- Now I 'm on Amazon shopping for a full version of Microsoft Office Suite 2007 and it is not even possible to upgrade my Home and Student Version . Why does no one tell consumers this easy caution . Otherwise , this suite has all the bells and whistles you want . Marge M.
 I just find it incredibly rude of Microsoft to totally change where all the familiar commands are in these programs , especially in Word . I still have n't figured out how to `` save as '' instead of `` save , '' and do n't really want to waste the time to figure it out . Maybe it is `` new and improved , '' but if you do n't want to put time into learning an entirely new system , stick with an older version .
 the 2007 edition is such a big departure from the latter versions that you will find yourself re-learning how to use windows and excel ... and that just sucks . they moved buttons and options around -LRB- and some are hidden altogether ! -RRB- so the toolbar looks like a big messy web page . i 've had this for a couple of months and i swear i still ca n't find some of the old buttons/options i grew accustomed to . and when i do find it by luck it 's hard to find it again later . they did n't need to make these changes because it actually runs exactly like the previous versions . so if you have a previous version hold on to that ... but if you must get this one ... we should trade .
 Sorry Microsoft , but your `` ribbon '' user interface is the most retarded upgrade feature ever . It renders all your Office applications useless . I have no interest spending hours to learn a completely different UI and to recustomize the toolbar all over again -LRB- I 'm not even sure if it 's even possible to customize the `` ribbon '' -RRB- . The ribbon is ugly and WAY , WAY , WAY , WAY too big.My advice
 New XP Professional Computer , New Unopened Software Box , Microsoft would not accept the product ID number . They would , however allow me to sit for hours trying to jump through their loops to activate the new software.Amazon saves me through a wonderful return policy . Easy return , nice refund . Thank you Amazon !
 I recently purchased Windows Vista and Office 2007 Home . When dealing with files saved under Word 2003 I had several instances of 2007 being unable to reconvert the temporary file word uses while editing a document back into a word file , corrupting the file and causing word to crash . Word did not allow me to recover the document and continued to do this to a number of other important files , without a chance for recovery . My documents are to important to trust to Microsoft 's blunders . I dumped Office and I now use the free Openoffice suite . Thanks for nothing Microsoft .
 I do n't know what Microsoft was thinking with new office 2007 . Did you like the fact that most programs including Office had a `` standard '' tool bar menu at the top that included FILE > EDIT > VIEW > TOOLS etc. . Well so did I and Microsoft Office DOES N'T HAVE any of them . The stuff is all there but is hidden in new and different places where you have to search for it for hours . You ca n't even go FILE > PRINT You have to click the little symbol in the top left corner . IT IS A FRUSTRATING NIGHTMARE ! Stick to the old one unless you have tons of time on your hands .
 I needed a copy of MS office for my new laptop and Word and Excel are the standard at my university.Being a long time MS office user , the UI is a little tough to get used to . I 'm not sure what the heck MS was thinking when they developed this version . Office 2000 , XP and 2003 were logical upgrades , but this ? I am not sure.Because commands are so difficult to find , the software seems to have `` much less '' functionality than previous versions . I do n't have time to read a book on how to use the software so I am struggling while using the software.I wish there were a `` 2003 or XP '' UI for users that want to use it that way . -LRB- There could be , but I can not find it -RRB- . For now 2003 is definitely a better choice , meaning I do n't think that I would ever `` upgrade '' to the latest office .
 I had the Word 2003 program before getting 2007 , and I find the new product to be a LOT harder to use and way too busy . The Home and Student edition should be for those of us who are not working in offices or are computer experts . It 's taking me far too long to figure this thing out after being used to the much simpler version I had before.Carrol L. Fry
 I wrote this review mainly to address the menu navigation in this version of Office . The few upgrades in the actual performance of the product does not offset the lost productivity of having to wind through the so called `` ribbon '' style of menus as compared to using the drop down menus . It is not just a matter of learning the new menus , but the lost time of using this new slow method everyday . While it is quite annoying when using all of the programs in the package , the frustration is amplified greatly when I use Excel because I have to use a wide verity of its functions and options . The more you need function rich use of MS Office the more it will slow you down . For this reason alone it is a step down from their previous versions and I hope any new versions of Office will at least give an option of using the drop down menus , if not I will investigate the possibility of replacing Office with one of the competitors ' products .
 This product , is not as easy to work with , Eg . the new tool bars ? as far as locating the command I am looking for , Where is the on line help ? , to me , version 2003 was less complicated , remember , more is not always better . How do I transfer old files to ver . 2007 ? Inserting a row took me 3 min . to find the right icon , and the list goes on and on .
 The copy of Office '97 I ordered from Amazon showed up with the last part of the product key sticker ripped off !
 Everything is changed and not for the better ! Very little is intuitive . It 's like learning a completely new software . What was Microsoft thinking ? I 've had it for a few months and thought I 'd get used to it . Maybe eventually I will , but meanwhile I 've lost DOZENS of hours of productivity searching for the right button in the right ribbon to press . And to add insult to injury , the old formatting issues in the previous versions of Word are STILL there . New and improved ? No , just new .
 Nice upgrade of a good product . Still difficult to track coding to easy correct format errors and too easy to recover changes in the final document .
 If you look at the picture of the item I purchased you will see a new box with the title Microsoft Office Home . I received a plastic case with a cd in it with no title , no users guide , no box . Very disappointing , have been purchasing items for a long time and will not again . It even said NEW beside the item . .
 I have never found MS WORD user friendly -- I find the ` reveal codes ' feature of WORDPerfect ideal for tweaking format and figuring out what went wrong . The fact that menu chooices rearrange themselves based on past usage I find confusing not helpful . For a year I had to teach MS WORD Office -LRB- earlier version -RRB- and it was frustrating as hell to help students by `` going back to before you did that last step '' , since you rarely , if ever , got back to the same context with the same choices presenting themselves ! The ONLY reason I upgraded to MS Office 2007 was that the administrators at my school use . docx without ever giving a thought to the fact that NOT everybody has the 2007 version .
 The program works OK for new documents but when closing older 1997-2003 Word documents it crashes . I 've checked the web for solutions and have n't found one yet . Apparently it 's a known problem that many people have had .
 I received a corrupted copy of the MS Office Student Teacher Addition . Customer Service was quite helpful shipped out a replacement promptly . The replacement copy was also corrupted so I cancelled my order and purchased an off the shelf MS Office and it worked just fine from OfficeMax.I did notify customer service that their packages were all probably defective .
 I have never downolad the Office 2007 but for some strange reason it appeared on my PC after I openned up a file from my colleague a few months ago or might be due to my regular Microsoft updates . Every time I open up my file , my PC will automatically open it in Office 2007 and requests me to purchase it otherwise I can not modify my file . Office 2007 seems like stealthly get into my PC without my permission . I am very happy with Office 2003 and really want to get rid of the Office 2007 from my PC .
 Unlike older versions of MS Word , the 2007 version of Word , is unable to process mail/merge bulk emails . If you depend upon this function avoid Office 2007 . IT IS NOT READY FOR PRIME TIME . An internet search of 2007 Office mail/merge bulk email will confirm the frustration more than a few have experienced . Office 2007 's major change seems to be in the area of screen image/icon format . Once through the quagmire to learn the new screen images/icons , one will find the 2007 versions much like older ones . It leaves one to wonder
 If you have ever used excel or word and liked it - this is not for you . I have found that it is so different from previous programs that it takes way to long to figure out the differences . I have also found that the compatability with others really is not good .
 I 've been using Excel for years and never had a problem with it before , but with this version , Excel 2007 on a new Dell desktop and Windows 7 , it is constantly crashing , as in `` Excel is not responding . '' And I am not doing anything extremely complicated . Just simple stuff . It is so frustrating , it is basically unusable . Word 2007 looks ok and I have n't used PowerPoint 2007 yet so I wo n't comment on that . I have been exploring OneNote 2007 and it appears to be potentially useful .
 I bought this program for my new laptop . This version of microsoft word is not compatable with my earlier versions of word and I was unable to share it between my two computers . It was a complete waste of money for me . I am writing a book and I am not about to change all the files I have previously written over the last 8 years . Buyer Beware .
 Surprised Amazon allows their name to be connected with this company , not only have I not received the product , none of my emails have been answered nor has my money been refunded . After this experience I will have to rethink any further purchases using Amazon .
 The program was not down loaded from the disk in a matter that was explain in the instruction . No way to find out what went wrong . No one to contact . Still not sure if completed correctly . Bad information makes bad input .
 Shipping is fast , but the sticker of the product box has been opened . There 're two scrathes on the cd disk cause cd disk is n't stuck on it 's box , free-moving in it 's box ... refurbishment ??
 Last week February 6 , 2007 I installed MS office on my computer . The Excel spread sheet program crashes every 15 minutes . it would not let me finish my work . I contacted Microsoft using the Resource button inside the Office drop down menu and got a clownish response ` we are sorry we can not help you ' and gave me a link to email my problem for $ 49.00 fee . I am so sorry I chose MS Excel . Is there any alternative spread sheet program out there ?
 I am a power production user - generating 000 's of pages of work - I am amazed that they forced an entrire new interface on me and my production is now 50 % - AND there is not even an option to have a classic view without paying - they think office is for kids doing papers for middle school not real work and I am beyond aggrevated !!!!!! keep your old stuff or switch to open source unless U are a lightweight
 The product I purchased on 10/28/08 still has not arrived by 11/30/08 . I contacted the seller twice and still have not gotten a response . The seller is pumbj4 . I am very disappointed .
 2007 MS Office Prosuct is not very user friendly and there are some system bugs that casses sytem to stall priodically .
 I am not happy with the new version.No improvements . CAN NOT USE GOOGLE SEARCH IN OUTLOOK . I miss OFFICE 2003 . You can download the GOOGLE DESKTOP but for some reason , it disappears into abyss .
 Office is what it is - we are all stuck with Microsoft 's casual disregard for millions of hours of macro programming and keystroke commands hardwired into our fingers that evaporate with the next version . But the box on this one really ticks me off - it could be a slim biodegradable cardboard box but is instead a large hard plastic box impossible to file and millions of them will eventually be circling the great pacific garbage gyre . Just because you are the 500 pound gorilla does n't mean you Should sit anywhere you want .
 if you e-mail , and who does not , do not buy this product . get the standard version that includes outlook . i almost made that mistake and i am very happy with my standard edition including OUTLOOK
 I ordered Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 from Amazon because it saved $ 72.96 due to an online special . The website would not allow me to put in my PO Box , which is where all USPS deliveries for me HAVE to go . It would only take my physical address that has no USPS mail delivery . I tried to intercept the product at my P.O. but was unable to . I contacted Amazon customer service and explained the situation and was advised it could be returned to me with the proper address . That did not happen . Customer Service then advised me I would have to re-order . Of course the online special , no longer offered . Go figure . I purchased the product elsewhere and will never go to Amazon.com again.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 I hate it ! Can not find files . They fixed `` 6 '' , but it was n't broken !!!
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007The Excel is quite an improvement to its predecessor.The Word side left me to question , `` why did I buy this piece of junk.You would think it would have all of the facilities of the Word 's old software and further be an improvement of the Word it replaced . Not so ! In fact , it lacks so much that I will not take the time report them . I had referred them to Microsoft , but they are too arrogant to even acknowledge their screw up . That why Microsoft makes it so difficult even address issues with them ! They are like IBM was in the old days . They never admit to doing anything wrong . They , Microsoft are too busy drinking their own bath water and singing `` How Great Thou Arth '' . So Mote It Be !
 The software CD did n't work . I had to call the Microsoft hotline and download the program from the internet . Bad quality for a company that prides itself on it 's quality .
 I feel it was the biggest rip off ever . I really thought I was going to get a good deal and it was the biggest waste of my time . I did get my money back and it took a few weeks . The person who was selling this item was n't presenting himself as a good business person . Calling me dude instead of referring to me by my name which was apparent in my e-mail address.I 've learned a lesson at not to buy a used product from someone you do n't know . IF I ever buy from Amazon.com it 'll be a new product . It only takes one person to ruin a good thing.Lois Walker
 Office 2007 has many fine features but Excel does not function properly . There are work arounds but using it is a pain . Re installing has not helped . Not sure how one returns a product when only one piece does n't work properly . MS site yields no help!Certainly not Amazon problem it is a Microsoft issue
 This product destroys , rather than add to , programs I already had on my computer . After installing it I removed it , and I am not using it .
 I ordered this item over a month ago . I have n't received it , nor has the company responded to my e-mails . The price sounds good , but if you do n't get your item what 's the point .
 `` Student Edition '' implies it omits only applications for small businesses , but it also lacks Publisher 2007 , Access 2007 and Outlook 2007 . These are severe deficiencies !
 I purchsed this product a couple of months ago after my computer crashed and was immediately surprised to find that my Outlook Express email spell/check was now in French . There is no option to change it to English . I contacted Microsoft and they were absolutely no help at all . If you check on the internet about this problem , you will find that Microsoft has known about it since April of 2007 , but opt not to fix it . I wish I had my money back .
 I upgraded my old Microsoft Word 2003 to Word 2007 Home-Student Version . I liked it ! Features that were hidden and difficult to reach under previous version are now easier to find - keeping in mind you have to memorize the order of the new arrangement.Let 's say if you want to enlarge the title or size of your fonts just go to the Page Layout menu which makes it a breeze . Spacing , watermarks , margins and indents are right there , including columns and hyphenation . You have about eight different menus to choose from and it is easier to find the list of previous documents you have used or created .
 The Home and Student edition used to have Outlook , but does NOT have it any more . And you can NOT return it to Amazon , whether it is opened or not .
 Although I usually get great results with Amazon , this time was a real disappointment . I received the first order with the seal on the product box removed . I returned it and the second one also had a broken seal on the product box . I went somewhere else to buy and doubt that I will get software again through Amazon.This item , by the way , was bought NEW and direct form the Amazon warehouse , so I really expected more .
 Before buying this -LRB- or any other -RRB- item it is a good idea to read negative reviews of it -LRB- if any , -RRB- because they highlight potential problems . Positive reviews are not very useful in this respect , because the product must have some functionality after all , so the fact that someone writes that it works is to be expected , and it is not particularly revealing.I would like to concur with the negative reviews of this product on Amazon , claiming that the new redesigned version is very difficult to navigate , especially for those who are proficient in using the old versions of Office -LRB- such as myself . -RRB- I would like to concentrate on the cognitive aspect of using this computer software , which involves creating `` mental maps '' how to accomplish a particular task by following a series of steps . This is akin to moving around a city , where you can start from landmarks that you happen to know -LRB- which is analogous to pull down menus in old Office -RRB- and then take a number of steps and turns to get to another point . If you take those steps every day , it becomes a routine that allows you to efficiently navigate throughout the city.Now imagine that all the known landmarks have been erased or scattered and you were forced to start your trekking through the city from some arbitrary points designated by Big Brother in Redmond . You may find your old landmarks , but they would bear no relations to the mental map that you have . You would be utterly lost.This cognitive mapping was one of the key feature of product design before Microsoft stepped in . Think of your car - the 2009 Prius is technologically very much different than the 1965 Chevy , but they have essentially the same layout of user controls . The QWERTY keyboard was designed at the turn of the century to slow the typist down and prevent jamming of old mechanical typewriters . However , it was preserved in electrical typewriters and computer keyboards - which did not face the jamming problem anymore - for a single reason
 Were do I begin . * Gone is the familiar menu of `` File Edit Insert Format Tools Table Window Help '' * Gone is about one third of your screen now occupied by various icons and functions , many of which you will never use * Gone is the ease of finding the functions you once knew and lovedBe warned , you will spend hours upon hours trying to figure out how to do things you were once able to do in your sleep . Everything , and I mean everything has changed . You would never know this word processor is an upgrade of the one you were using for years . You would think you bought a new word processor from another company . If you are a business , get ready for about a month or two or more of unproductive employees.I have been using Word almost since it came out . I know how it works . I am so frustrated with this version I can scream . For my wife , who is not as adept in computers as I am actually does scream.In their wisdom , according to the video on their web site , Microsoft tried to develop a new interface so people would use more of the power in Word . I believe they accomplished the exact opposite.Why would they take away the familiar menus everyone is accustom to ? If they did want to do away with them , why not create an option for the `` Classic '' , or since they seemed to have no problems in taking up most of the screen for the new icons , just add one more line with the familiar menus . I manage an IT department in a small company , and if I upgraded the company to this product , I would need to be prepared to loose 2 month of productivity and I would need to double the size of the help desk.Is there anything of value in the new product . I found a few , and as I go forward , I am sure I will accidentally find others . Many of the old familiar items you are accustom to are found after you select test and right click the mouse . Word tries to anticipate what you do , the common tasks you do are found only after selecting text . When you do select text and try to format it , Word shows you what it will look like before finally selecting it . This happens with many formatting functions.Some new fonts have been added . You can create a row of your favorite icons at the very top of the screen , but the icons you can place on this row is limited . I use this quite a bit , however , in trying to place most of my favorites there so I do n't have to plow through the new menus which do not make much sense.It is hard to believe that Microsoft did any user research on this product . It seems they wanted to change it , and to hell with the users.Most of this review has been on Word . A quick note about the other applicatins.Excel - Same comments that apply to Word apply to Excel Get ready to re-learn everything with almost no real benefit.PowerPoint - Not quite as bad as the others . Yes , all the menus have changed , but for some reason , seems a little easier to navigate . I am not recommending it , but it is the best of the worst.Outlook -- This is the one application they did not change the old menus you are familiar with . I have no negative comments on Outlook . It works fine.If you are using Word or Office 2003 , I recommend you stick with it . There is little to be gained upgrading to this project . If you are getting a new computer and this is what comes with it , be prepared for endless hours of relearning the things you once knew cold . If you ca n't buy MS Office 2003 in stores , go on eBay and find it there .
 For anyone who has been using Excel for many years -LRB- i.e. people like me who remember when it was called MultiPlan -RRB- - avoid `` upgrading '' to 2007 if at all possible . I 'm sure there are some minor efficiencies that can be gained from the new ribbon interface - once you learn it - however , if you were just hoping to do things the way you were used to , you are out of luck . There is no way to opt for the `` classic '' interface . Microsoft apparently thinks that they know the best way for us to do our jobs and is forcing us to learn to do it their way . So instead of doing useful work you will waste time re-learning how to use spreadsheets .
 Consistent with the disaster that is Vista , Microsoft changed Office to a point where dedicated PC users are looking at Macs . Incompatible file formats from prior versions is just the beginning - the completely altered layout and moronic ` ribbon ' make the program a nightmare to use . Only Outlook remained unchanged much . To add to the chaos , look at all the web postings about inability to even install this bloatware . It took forever to get this dog to work , and even removal is a nightmare . Stay away , this is Microsoft Malware at it 's WORST .
 Why oh why did Microsoft do this ? All the menus are hidden and keystrokes do n't work . There is no `` File '' menu - you have to click a little round dot to figure out how to open a file . Keystrokes are not backwards-compatible . For example , in Microsoft Word I 'm used to typing Alt-E , U for Edit/Undo . Now rather than undo it adds a U to my text . Very aggravating . The `` ribbon '' may look pretty , but it 's difficult to use.You can install a free shareware addin called `` Search Commands '' from this website
 One thing you can say for Office 2007 is that it is n't dull . Unfortunately , most of the sensationalism is the utterly foreign interface with much graphics and pretty pictures . There is n't a file menu . There is n't an edit menu . Its graphically operated.The additional graphics , which are beautiful , do `` hog '' a considerable amount of space at the top of your screen . Fortunately , new LCD TV 's can work brilliantly as computer monitors , with a standard VGA cable to the matching jack at the back . After purchasing this product , I 'm considering a 37 '' monitor in order to restore the print size back to humane.The good news about the new `` video game like '' interface is that previously very difficult tasks are easier . In trade , simpler , more customary , tasks will take some re-learning efforts.Just pretend that you 've never used a word processor before , and you 'll be just fine . However , if you 're experienced and would like to believe that 's worth something , then do n't buy this . ; -RRB- For when sensationalism is actually worthwhile , the PowerPoint 2007 is a good product.The Word and Excel may be a hindrance . Excel is functional , but crashes , and Word is easily overpowered by Microsoft Works for home.Summary : Except for the very nice PowerPoint 2007 product and some entertainment value from the video game interface -LRB- where there was previously a menu -RRB- , the rest is a little orange box of nonsense . Someone who had never used a word processor might actually like Word 2007 because it is pretty , despite the 20 % smaller view of the document.Even smaller print ? OFF WITH THEIR HEADS !!
 Too expensive . Just think , most people in America have purchased Microsoft operating systems which is pretty much a monopoly , and generally buy others of their software and have made Microsoft what it is today . We have spent BILLIONS . They still break one off in us every chance they get . When will Microsoft finally give the public a real deal ... YEAH RIGHT
 Microsoft has blown it this time . Forget about being able to customize toolbars . Forget about being intuitive . forget about all the training and practice you 've had in office up until now . Microshaft has hosed the faithful with a new version that ignores all the good ideas that had become industry standard until now.To eat up a huge portion of my screen with useless `` ribbons '' that I infrequently use is crazy . When I need to change ribbons and then scroll down a menu bar when before it was a customizable feature that I could add to my main menu ... whew.It 's a memory hog , slows your system and does not improve production . You do n't even have the option of choosing a `` classic '' look . Wasted my money , that 's for sure . However , support will probably soon stop for the oder software so we are stuck . Thanks Bill
 I am a novelist and have been writing on WORD since version 1 . Every upgrade I have ever made of this product has been an improvement until this one . It is awkward to use , inconsistent in function , and requires constant fixes to both text and format . I am seriously considering an uninstall . If you have any version before this one , do n't upgrade to 2007 . If this is your first go at word processing , consider WordPerfect . Someone at microsoft should have said to the poobahs at marketing , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . `` Frederick Ramsay
 The number one thing that makes MS Office 07 awful is that the newest file type for the system is not compatible with older MS Office programs . You can make your file compatible with older versions of MS Office , but it is extremely easy to forget about it.My college has MS Office 03 in its classrooms , but MS Office 07 in its libraries . Every time a professor requires the class to do presentations , there are ALWAYS students who come in with incompatible Powerpoints . I 've lost count with how many times this has happened . I myself have made the same mistake -LRB- thankfully not infront of a classroom -RRB- . The other thing I do n't like about MS Office 07 is its obnoxious user interface . It has been completely redone . I do n't understand the logic of taking out the all the menus which organized all the settings and commands . Now everything is laid out everywhere in a big mess at the top of the screen . I 'm sure it would become easier to use over time , but I do n't have that kind of patience . My advice is to go with an older version of MS Office . You 'll avoid some major headaches .
 In creating Office 2007 , Microsoft has tried way too hard to stuff too many things into the Office 2003 space , instead of streamlining and making the latter more user friendly . The Fluent User -LRB- FU -RRB- Interface is a chaotic jumble of stuff that is less than useless to the average user of Word -LRB- at a minimum -RRB- and the other non-Outlook components -LRB- 2007 Outlook is a slight improvement over 2003 -RRB- . And , because Microsoft wants to drive you toward FU , the quick access toolbar -LRB- similar to the old 2003 menu systems -RRB- icons can not be enlarged for ease of use.All in all 2007 is a massive software de-evolution , so let 's hope that 2007 will pass quickly into the night and Team A at Microsoft can soon release a new version of Microsoft Office 2003 that 's cleaner , tighter and more functional than 2007 will ever ever be .
 Received product promptly.Supposed to be good for three pc 's . Only worked on one.Have contacted buyer - received no response .
 I bought this Microsoft Office from Amazon.com , and after a few months the licence expire ... so now I do n't have M/Office in my pc , because the pc can not authenticate the licence number.so bad and sad , I loss my money and time : -LRB-
 I did n't like it . It was my fault though , I did n't take ` student edition ' too seriously . I ended up getting the ` real ' microsoft word .
 if the folks at microsoft would actually care about people who use software , especially theirs , they would stop producing software with huge learning curves . I 've been a user of MS Office since its first issue in 1990 - and I still ca n't figure out what they 've done to make the product any more useful to me in almost 20 years . Yes , it 's gone from 5 floppy disks to almost a gigabyte - but formatting in word is still a problem , plus with office combined with vista , most of my pdf writers no longer work as they once did , if at all . very disappointing issue - i 'm just glad i did n't pay 600 dollars for it , or i 'd be furious . Message to Microsoft - IF IT 'S NOT BROKEN - DONT MESS WITH IT . The old menus were intuitive and simple to use - i need to go back and get a ph.d. to learn this issue - if i did n't need this to be able to read things people send me - I 'd literally throw it away - go back to the old menus which worked just fine .
 After sale of software , the seller issued as fake shipping notice with a nonexistant shipper , collected the money for the software and shipping from my credit card and did nothing else . After a long shipping schedule had elapsed and I attemped to contact seller twice with no response . I filled out a claim form with Amazon . In less than 24 hours Amazon credited my credit card for the software andd shipping . Amazon has earned five stars for their role in this transaction . The seller , isuntrust does n't deserve the one star I gave them . Anyone who purchases from this seller should make sure their purchase is warrented otherwise they face the real possibility of losing their money .
 One of the worst office version yet . It keeps crashing all the time if you insert any large size drawing -LRB- 5 mb or larger -RRB- . I open the same file with the same drawings with old office 2000 and it works like a charm . I do n't recommend this very bad version of office 2007 .
 Word does not work well with Outlook . Is very cumbersome and does n't work well with Outlook when making envelopes from my contact list . I guess I 'll have to address all my christmas cards buy hand .
 THE PRODUCT WOULD BE USEFUL IF WAS N'T FOR VISTA . MICROSOFT HAS CAUSED A PROBLEM FOR THEIR CONSUMERS . THIS PRODUCT NEEDS A TUTORIAL/INSTRUCTIONAL MANUAL IN THE PACKAGE . I AM REALLY FRUSTRATED AND ANGRY OVER THIS .
 I only bought this for MS Word 2007 , which works worse than the MS Word 2000 I already have . MS Word 2007 messed up all tables I had put in 2000 documents ; I could not copy playlists from iTunes into a document -LRB- very easy w. 2000 -RRB- ; several of the commands had changed unnecesarily ; etc. . However , 2000 often give message '' ... has encountered a problem and must shut down ... '' This only happened in 2007 upon trying to copy the iTunes playlist.My next computer is likely to be Mac & I intend to stear clear of MS products whenever possible.Larry SarnerHaiku , HI
 I used Office 2000 for years at home and 2003 at work . I decided when I bought a new laptop to upgrade to 2007 . What a mistake . Office 07 makes what used to be easy tasks complicated . I spent the first few hours just adding items to the main toolbars on each program so I would n't have to go through the ribbons every time . I also had to reset the font type and size . I also miss the drop-down menus which made things easy and quick to find . After a month , I installed Office 2000 on my new computer . If I could still return 2007 , I would .
 If you are a student with a `` student@college.edu '' email address , go to Microsoft 's website and you can get Office Ultimate -LRB- includes everything -RRB- for $ 59.99 - Hurry the offer only lasts a little bit longer - I am so glad I saw it b/c I was about to buy this limited product for $ 20 more .
 If you 've seldom used a computer with business software , or if you 've just flown in from Mars or Jupiter and are n't familiar with previous `` Office '' products , you 'll likely grok this suite just fine ... However , as others have reflected , this product disappoints greatly and borders on organized confusion when trying to transit from previous -LRB- ` 97 and ` 03 -RRB- versions . Given its completely atypical and counterintuitive format , the MS marketeers should have called this suite something other than MSOffice , because at the user level one is in alien territory - even as a user who has been using productivity software for more than twenty-five years . This is the roughest transition I can recall since the text , non-mouse days of moving from AT Framework to ol' blue-screen WordPerfect.Few of the conventional menus exist in Office 2007 - no `` file , '' no `` tools , '' no anything - most of these now exist on whimsical headings that seem reminiscent of TV remote-control instruction manuals that have been machine-translated from some Asian dialect into English ... The majority of the conventions previously foisted on us by Bill and the herd of geeky Gatelettes -LRB- over many years -RRB- , are absent or heavily disguised in the GUI . Unless you 're a geek who thrives on upheaval , expect to be confused for awhile ... there is hope , it is no worse than older versions once you find what you 're looking for , but for goodness sake avail yourself of the MS training videos if you do any large scale document , spreadsheet or visual productions ... or else allow yourself at least double the preparation time for the first few iterations ... This is a solid product in the stability sense ; I 've experienced zero stumbles running on XP-Pro operating system , but otherwise is exceptionally frustrating to use even after half a year ... I would NOT have switched to this Office suite -LRB- nor do I recommend it -RRB- had my employer not been duped into this `` upgrade '' and needing the compatibility ... last frustration is that documents formatted in the long-established dot.doc format -LRB- as well as the sister PowerPoint and Excel equivalents -RRB- seldom act exactly the same in the new-fangled dot.docx -LRB- Office 2007 -RRB- . Being an old WordPerfect devotee , I never thought I 'd hear myself pine for a Bill Gates product , but I sorely miss Office 2003 .
 This version of word is the worst yet . All versions have been bad , especially the one years ago ... around 2001 that would , when you typed a word like ... George 's it would tell you there 's a grammatical error and the correction would be George 's ' . Where in the world is that correct ? Anyway , this version does not have that mistake , but it has a lot of other stupid crap , all of it not mistakes as they were done on purpose . First , this is a complete redesign from word 2003 ... a complete redesign , completely . It 's like learning to drive using a joy stick , all of the sudden all new cars have joy sticks and steering wheels are no more , imagine the confusion and frustration , but to make things worse , here in America we now drive on the left and England , the right . That 's Word 2007 . The redesign is not better , it 's worse . Finding things is impossible , they 're not under the headings they used to be and some stuff is in locations that does n't even make sense.The worse part of it is how word tries to think for you . Apparently they 've decided that every time you hit enter -LRB- to start a new paragraph or whatever -RRB- you want a space between the paragraphs . Why ? Where is it acceptable to have spaces between paragraphs ? I learned in like 4th grade that it is n't . Apparently , Mr. Gates needs a grade school lesson . Why does Word default to this action and force you to go and continually turn it off over and over . It turns itself back on . Another thing it tries to do it automatically adjust to the style you 're using . Neat . Except it does the worst job it possibly can . The least intuitive automatic feature ever . The programmers of this software have never actually interacted with other people so no wonder that have no idea how normal people think . Maybe they did do some research to that end but felt that they knew the thought processes of the average public better than we do . I have to stop and laugh for a second . If they had a clue they 'd have a better idea of how to give it to us.If I make the first word of each paragraph bold , say I 'm defining key words for example and the key words are all bold at the beginning of the paragraph , word then decides not only to turn bold on each time I hit enter , but to make the automatic numbers bold as well . I do not want the numbers for questions 1 - 3 not bold and the rest of the numbers bold . You have to automatically , each time you hit enter , and a new number is added , turn off the bold . Annoying . Word will , when you indent to get a list to be a , b , c , that sort of thing , it will decide to make the a , b , c 's to be italics . Then on another very similar list with the same style they 're not italic , huh ? Why ? Where 's the consistency ? 80 % of the time you 're using this program you 're turning off automatic features and correcting the automatic style that Microsoft has decided for you that you want . If you turn it off , after while it comes back on ... like you do not know what you really want . Maybe they think they can change human word processing behavior . Not through annoying us to death you can not . You can only change our behavior in such that we stop using the program.Microsoft is a joke and Word 2007 is the punch line.DEFECTIVE BY DESIGN !
 If you have never before used Word or Excel , or at least their more technical features , you will like Office 2007 . The ribbon layout will be relatively easy to learn , and the most commonly used features are simple to find.If , on the other hand , you were very good with previous versions of Excel or Word , you will despise Office 2007 , as I do . Actions that were once simple are now needlessly complicated . Actions that I could once do with a right click of the mouse now require me to select a tab on the ribbon , then the correct icon in the tab group . I do n't even want to get into more complicated things.Microsoft clearly designed Office 2007 to appeal to new users and users who utilize only the most basic features . That description probably applies to the majority of users , which is why Microsoft felt safe doing it.For those of us who are heavy users of the more complicated features ... well , Microsoft really did n't care about us . If you use a lot of the features in Excel and Word , or do anything remotely complicated in those programs , expect to spend a lot of time figuring out how to do it in Office 2007 , and expect it to ultimately be more complicated , and require more clicks and choices , than previously .
 I wo n't bother discussing the whole `` ribbon '' redesign - you 'll either love it or hate it . But some whorthwhile improvements include the new blogging feature via Word , which allows you to create a document that strips all of the extra Microsoft junk code out when copying and pasting to an online blogging tool . You can even publish directly to common blogging platforms like TypePad or blogger . Although it 's nice to have a way out of the miserable Microsoft html code , why did it take them more than a decade to implement it ? It should have been done from square one so the judos only go so far . Another notable improvement is the long overdue update for graphs and charts in excel.The program still locks up and closes about every five documents , even though this was installed fresh from a new copy into Visa Ultimate and has had all of the necessary updates . If you do n't have Vista and are fine with Office 2003 , do n't bother with the upgrade.A side kudos to Amazon
 I ordered MS Office 2007 from software 105 but it never came . I tried repeatedly to contact him but he never responded . After the waiting period I contacted Amazon and they are suppose to reinburse me .
 This was a ripped off copy of the programs . I was not happy to recieve it and was more upset I wasted money on this product . I hope that Amazon will police what people sell on their site better , especially if is something that is easily copied . I destroyed the copy and went and got the product else where . I also will never by software from this site again unless they can fix this type of problem .
 I was very familiar with word so this student version looks stupid because all the icons are different at the top . I had to relearn and some higher functions are not there . This version is good for someone that is NOT familiar with word already and wants to use it quickly for school stuff . If you are already familiar with word , then by the STANDARD version and NOT THIS ONE .
 I had alot of trouble installing the program , and had to have Microsoft send a working disk . It did n't work well for me .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 has a different look which requires more actions to achieve the same result as previous versions .
 I only purchased it because MS made sure the old versions I had would n't work with Vista . But the interface is much more difficult , it is hard to find things in the menus , and it is too `` cutesy '' for me .
 It seems the only thing added to most of the software was the `` ribbon '' . and you ca n't customize a ribbon . After Microsoft introduced ` personalized menus ' you would think that personalization would be a priority , but the ribbon totally destroys this concept.Almost every time I exit Word it crashes , Outlook is slower than molasses and locks up other software while it downloads even small email . A few nice features were added to Excel and Word will save as PDF , those are nice features that I 'll miss when I uninstall Office 2007 and reinstall Office 2002 .
 I never received my product from this vendor , nor did I receive an email back from them when I inquired about my order .
 I never received this item ! I never reven received a reply from my msg requesting more info regarding this ! Extremely poor / unsatisfactory service if you ask me ! The only reason it has one star was because it was required to add this review ! Too bad no one has taken the time to fix the discrepancy !
 As I said -- very unfriendly software and painting tools very limited.My impression is company want me spend all my free time with this software .
 I returned this item because it was n't the correct software . I was looking for updated Outlook 2003 or 2007 . This did n't have any Outlook .
 This is not a good office product . It has been revamped to look cleaner , but it is much harder to use and to navigate through then office 2003 , which is what most people use . It can not be opened by office 2003 without a patch , so things that I send to others can not be read . I find it horribly frustrating and wish that I would have waited to find Office 2003
 This is junk software and was even being toted by QVC as a great addition to their Dell 17 '' Todays Special Value `` over 200.00 Office software '' . Everyone failed to mention is was not for commercial use and is around $ 50.00 . It is a trial version at best and and not even that good . Stay away from it as long as you can . I not have a 1700.00 Dell with junk Vista and not Junk Office Home and Student NOT FOR COMMERCIAL USE . Ca n't trust anyone and that is sad .
 This seller has sold a home-made copy of a Microsoft product , there are no registration numbers . A total ripoff to many unsuspecting customers.This was falsely advertised as brand new product . Buyer beware !!
 I thought I ordered Microsoft Office standard . I needed Outlook to receive emails , thats what started this whole thing . After paying my money you would n't let me cancel . You postponed my deliver a week and then I got the wrong item . I did n't want to wait any longer for my program so I returned it to Staples who thankfully sold me the right program . I do n't believe I will deal with you again for computer programs . That 's what I get for trying to save time .
 I orderd a microsoft product , got a email from Amazon saying it was shipped . Problem is the order never arrived . I then emaile Amazon for help and never recieved a response . Will never use Amazon again . Suggest you do the same !
 Most of this is my own fault and I take responsibility for my poor comparison shopping because just after I bought this item through Amazon for $ 99 I found it available both locally in stores and on line for $ 59 . Prior to this purchase I had purchased a new laptop with a no cost upgrade to Windows 7 as soon as it came out.It was my fault and I did not realize that activating Windows Office on that laptop with the Home and Student version does not qualify for the free upgrade offered by the manifacture of the laptop . I thought the purchase through Amazon of the Windows Home and Student version of Windows Vista was saving me money , but , now in order to upgrade , I have to purchase the full version of Windows 7 , if I want to upgrade.I am disappointed that it was not made clearer to me , mostly by the manufacture of the laptop , and now I feel like I not only OVER PAID for what I got through Amazon , but that it will result in being a complete additional and unnecessary cost if I choose to upgrade .
 Office 2007 has lots of new and nice features , however , be aware that powerpoint can not deal with multiple pictures and graphs on a single page without slowing to a crawl . It 's good for presentations , but is terrible if you 're trying to make a poster in ppt . Going back to the simpler office 2003 .
 I have had lots of problems with the installation of this product . I have spent over 7 hours on the phone with Microsoft India and it still is n't completely right . My suggestion would be to uninstall any previous version of Office before installing this product . I believe another complication is installing it on Vista .
 Office 2007 is just horrible . It has so many unecessary gadgets and it 's all icons . Anyone using Word should know how to read and not need ten icons on the top of the page . And basic things like undo are hard to find ! I think MS has overdone it this time .
 I was scrambling to get an office 2003 before they pulled them off the shelves but unfortunately for me I was to late.Office 2007 I dislike very much where the hell are my pull down menus ? What is Microsoft 's new obsession with tabs ... annoying as hell . It and Vista at least there is a way to add drop down menus on vista , I have yet to find the classic look on office 2007 . I also found it starts slower then the older versions of Office and I do not have a super slow computer I have a 2.8 Pentium D with 800 Front end bus , and 2 gigs of ram 667 bus , and it is all SATA.Microsoft where oh where did my drop down menus go ? = -LRB-
 I bought Office 2007 with my new computer , a laptop with Windows Vista installed . Everything seemed to be fine , until I tried to use the extra services that make the new Office appealing to me -LRB- e.g. creating PDF documents , desinging brochures with Word , etc. -RRB- These extra features require an authentication online . I followed the procedures indicated by Microsoft , but a message tells me that the operation can not be completed because my software is not genuine . Something quite strange , since I bought my computer and my copy of Office 2007 at PC World , a mainstream computer retailer in the UK . Besides this , Vista seems to have some compatibility problems with Firefox and my printer -LRB- a Laser HP , a very mainstream computer , legally bought as well ! -RRB- . If you use Firefox as your default browser , almost everytime you click to anything that requires Microsoft authentication the page wo n't load . With my printer I have to ask it to print twice so that I can actually prints , and one of the habits of ecologically-minded people -LRB- printed on both sides of a page -RRB- can not be practised . It seems that , as a first user , I 'm finding all the bugs of these -LRB- I do n't doubt it -RRB- marvellous applications . I would be grateful if Microsoft had done some basic testings before their massive launching . For some reason , the hurries have sacrificed quality . And the subtle blocking of Firefox is quite painful . A concern about counterfitting is affecting the law-abiding users , which is the worst-case scenario I can imagine .
 In my opinion , this is a giant step backward for Microsoft software . It is radically different from previous versions , much less intuitive , and more complicated to use . I 'm staying with 2003 !
 Microsoft has a nasty habit of arbitrarily moving and adjusting elements of its popular applications with each upgrade ; however , I have never seen anything as bad as this before . Anyone who spends any semi-serious time using Office is going to have a really bad time trying to figure out how to use this new version . I have to be honest - I only tried working with Word and did n't even get to PowerPoint or Excel . I had to stop before doing every little action and figure out how to do it . EVERY . SINGLE . ACTION . And some functions are just not there -LRB- or I could n't find them -RRB- . I 'm pretty good with figuring out how to use software on my own , but after a couple of hours with Word 2007 I just gave up and reinstalled Word 2003 on my new PC.I can not tell you how frustrating it was to try to use this program . If major corporations try to upgrade to this new version , their office activities are going to come to a dead , screeching halt . I suspect this 2007 version of Word will go the same way as Word 2002 -- quickly replaced with a newer -LRB- like the older I hope -RRB- version . Otherwise , I 'm looking to find some new software .
 Excel 2007 will open my older documents into something called `` compatability mode '' . This will work for a few minutes and then lock up requiring -LSB- ctrl -RSB- -LSB- alt -RSB- -LSB- delete -RSB- to get out . After that , my files are corrupted . When Excel 2007 opens again , it will give the option to try to repair which will also lock up requiring -LSB- ctrl -RSB- -LSB- alt -RSB- -LSB- delete -RSB- again.Bottom line
 My problems with this edition are particular to Onenote and particularly as I wanted to use it for lecture notes .1 . There is no scheduling ability without Outlook , which is $ 90 or so extra . And , as someone pointed out in the forums below , while this edition happily grants use for up to 3 home machines , the Outlook license is apparently for only a single machine use . So if I want it on my laptop and desktop that 's another $ 180 to be able to schedule things.I should be able to schedule everything ! And frankly I should n't need an external boat anchor like outlook to do it . But , if I DO need it then why put this in a `` student '' edition and leave out this important facet !? 2 . Printing !! Hello !! Anyone testing the basic funtions before the bells and whistles teams went to action ? The constant scroll metaphor for a `` page '' is n't translated well for real world use.The print preview allows to look at a `` page '' as a selection . However , each `` page '' is automatically broken up into however many printed pages it would take on whatever kind of paper you are using . In the preview you can clearly see these individual actual physical pages and they are numbered . However , there is no way to actually select and print them !!! Now . . some classes I have entail 10 plus pages -LRB- front and back -RRB- of notes regularly . That works out to 20 pages of physical notes in each of the `` page '' scroll metaphors . Gee ... do you think I might like to be able to easily get to individual actual physical page representations and be able to print them !!?? 3 . There is no -LRB- and possibly will not ever be a -RRB- `` send to onenote '' virtual printer for 64 bit systems . WHAT !? With this things release overlaying VISTA , which is 64 bit friendly in every version is insane . Especially when one considers that the primary reason VISTA is friendly to 64bit processors is probably because EVERY new mainstream processor out there being sold in new machines is 64 bit !!! Also to take advantage of the much ballyhooed increased security -LRB- at least a lot of the meat of it -RRB- of VISTA you need the 64 bit versions.So . . with all that logic ... the onenote team ca n't spare any people to port this incredibly useful virtual printer model for use by the 64 bit crowd !? What insanity ! 4 . The properties for pages/sections etc is so rudimentary it is crazy . Yes it 's nice to be able to select my favorite color.Here are some other things that would be nice ... open a particular section/page/template by day and time of use -LRB- see scheduling above -RRB- . I mean this thing should be smart enough to know that if it is Tuesday at 1pm I am in Biology class!It should also be able to easily tag every note page -LRB- as physical pages would be printed -RRB- with a watermark of my own making ... like class title and date and page number etc. . .5 . Unlike the wonderful Windows Journal program for tablet PCs ... if you do a page setup for a typical physical sheet of paper and then extend the space within that page ... a new ` page ' is not inserted . Your work just scrolls off the end of the presented page . Again not too friendly when you consider you might want to have phsyical copies printed afterward.It 's a great program overall . But some of these fundamentals are VERY disappointing.I rounded down to 2 stars . . 2.5 would have been appropriate I think . A wonderful concept for a program which misses on some fundamental implementations as a student would use them.Think of marking up the almost ubiquitous power point presentation or pdf files professor distribute for lectures and then being able to print hard copies if you want . This program stumbled with this use badly and required a lot of hand holding and manual manipulation to make work well . It should have handled it easily almost all on its own . Without the virtual printer when I install Vista 64 bit it will be even more of a headache.I 'm thinking of just using Windows Journal and my own folder hierarchy instead . It is free and handles some of these basics better . I wonder if it will be in the 64 bit edition with it 's virtual printer . - mike ... a sad student that was very hopeful about this product .
 If you are used to prior versions of Office it seems almost impossible at times to find the same functions/features . It is not very user-friendly . I think the programmers at Microsoft had to justify their salaries and hence , they changed and complicated a program which already worked fine .
 Do you enjoy studying new software ? Would you like to buy a big book and spend your time re-learning how to operate your word processor ? Do you have extra time during your work day to figure out out to do routine tasks ? If so , this is the program for you . Because Microsoft has rendered a great deal of your knowledge useless and you 'll need to retrain to use this . Want to turn off grammer checking ? You 've got to learn how to do it again . Same goes for many , many other aspects of the program . There 's so much here you do n't need or want . Be smart and do n't buy this product .
 I am not a satisfied Office 2007 customer , but I am so frustrated trying to use Office 2007 that I do n't feel like trying to change the title that attaches to my review . I had to upgrade Office 2000 to Office 2007 to use a program that requires Excel , and I am very sorry that I had to do this . It is a very difficult change to make , and it appears that the better you know the older version , the harder it is . I do n't find the newest version at all intuitive . Even locating the needed instructions is not easy . I very much dislike using this program . Read the `` Do Not Buy This '' review . It says it well .
 This update of Office is horrible . I just started using it , bundled on a new desktop . Saving a Powerpoint file takes the program 15 seconds , during which it is essentially paralyzed -LRB- on an insanely powerful Dell Optiplex -RRB- . Trying to insert new slides from old files , the program again has a paralyzing brain fart while you try to browse folders . Everything is completely re-organized and no longer intuitive ; what was `` broken '' in Office 2003 that needed this massive re-organization ? It takes me five minutes to do something as simple as a word count in Word . I 've had to install their Powerpoint and Word guides to work through this transition . This program is absolute garbage , hold on to Office 2003 .
 I recently purchased MS Office 2007 . It is completely different from previous incanations . It is no longer menu driven , and functions are recatagorized , making it more difficult to perform tasks . I teach Office 2003 and previous in adult ed. , and I know my students will find this new version quite perplexing . Beyond the differences , it also does not work well with Windows XP . There are printer conflicts and it saves as a . docx , not . doc , so for other versions to read the document , it has to be saved as 93-2003 compatibility mode . None of the Office 2007 Suites include Outlook 2007 . I do not recommend purchasing this product until the user has Vista , and Vista should be avoided until the first service pack comes out .
 You can get an idea what you 're in for by visiting Microsoft 's online training . There are literally hours of video about using each of the programs like Word , Excel . I just needed to update so I could save a Powerpoint slide in pdf . Instead , I find that all of my familiar programs like Word and Excel are no longer something I can rely on to knock out a quick project . The ribbon supposedly makes things easier to find in theory . In practice , an experienced user of the older version can spend 15 minutes finding a way to , for example , remove the underlining from text . Really annoying.I will no longer buy programs or new versions that are not intuitive enough to use without spending a day viewing videos - especially after having invested the time to learn the old version .
 I clung to Word 2000 for as long as I could , `` upgrading '' in a weak moment right before Christmas when I realized that the incompatibility between Outlook 2007 and Word 2000 would render me unable to print labels for my Christmas cards . Oh , how I wish I had just gotten out a pen and spent the 5 + hours or so it would have taken me to write out those addresses with a pen -LRB- or chiseled them on a rock , for that matter -RRB- . The many , many more hours of frustration that have occupied my weeks since the big `` upgrade '' make those hours seem trivial . The interface is unbelievably bloated with meaningless graphics and obscure tools , familiar tools are hidden among the weeds , things I used to do with one click now require multiple clicks . Basic tasks are buried . Even the help button is hidden ! I am already developing a hand injury from repeat strain from keyboarding and mouse activities , and this product will put this issue on fast forward , I can tell . If you are an experienced Word user , I recommend that you pass on this upgrade . *** UPDATE *** I purchased a program from CNET for less than twenty bucks that is called `` Classic Menu for Word 2007 '' . This third party add on fixes a glaring omission by the folks at Microsoft . It adds a tab that has all of your familiar shortcuts right in front . You can still get to and use the new ribbon shortcuts so you can start to learn them , but when you are in a hurry , you can do what you need to do . Best money I ever spent .
 I tried to open an Excel spreadsheet created on Office 2003 in Office 2007 . I could open it but was unable to edit or input into the spreadsheet at all . Microsoft -LRB- after 35 minutes on the phone -RRB- tells me it 's just a fluke of the trial version of Office 2007 , but if you need to use different computers with different versions of Office -LRB- i.e. , switch between home and work -RRB- , this is a concern .
 As an experienced Word and Excel user , the inability to customize toolbars and not being able to use customized toolbars with Macros that I created in earlier versions is a terrible loss . So many things that I could do with one click in the past takes multiple clicks now . Using customized styles in Word now is very difficult .
 I tried installing two different versions of Microsoft Office 2007 -LRB- Home Edition -RRB- and received the same error message during installation both times . The SKU011.CAB could not be located on the installation disk .
 It is not clear from the information describing `` Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 '' that its license stipulates that it CAN NOT BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES and that ALL its electronic documents appear with the words `` Not for commercial use '' at the top of the screen.I chose `` Office Home and Student '' version of Word 2007 because it best suits my needs as an academic and a writer . It includes `` ONE NOTE , '' which I will use as a researcher , and does not include all the expensive exotica supporting traditional business ventures , such as accounting spread sheets , that all the other versions do include , and that I do n't need or want.It is apparent that `` Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 '' is a product designed for use by children . All adults have fiscal/commercial interests they might choose to represent in an electronic document
 To be fair , I did n't use this for very long . I could n't . I 've been using Office -LRB- Word , Excel , and , to a lesser Extent , Powerpoint -RRB- for 6 or 7 years now , and although there is a little bit of a learning curve , the menu system was fairly intuitive , especially for common and simple tasks , which is what the majority of users need from it . As I needed to learn to do new things I would take a few minutes to figure it out and then I knew how to do it . However the first time I tried using Word 2007 I was forced to use the freakin ' ribbon which made it necessary for me to relearn how to perform simple tasks . I could see the ribbon possibly being convenient for someone who has never used an older version of Office , but forcing it upon the user seems foolish , and to my knowledge there is no way to switch between the ribbon and old menu system , which would have made this product a lot simpler for me to use.I had the biggest problem with Word , although this is partially due to the fact that I 've rarely had to use menus in Excel and so the ribbon did n't cause an inconvenience there.I did use OneNote for my all of my notes in my classes last semester . It performs well enough and it is rather intuitive . After a bit of customization I found that it could be quite useful . However , I did n't find a way to save my notes onto another hard drive to have an extra copy with the exception of copying the notes into a Word document or just exporting them to Word -LRB- admittedly , I did n't spend a lot of time looking into saving a backup and quickly resorted to just coping the notes to a Word document -RRB- . I found that if you export to a Word document that the formatting can become a bit messed up so I tended not to rely on it . If you intend on using OneNote as a dedicated way to take and store notes then it can be useful , but personally I found that when I wanted to transfer them or make backups that it just became an inconvenience.I eventually decided to go back to Office 2003 -LRB- after switching from Vista back to XP ... frickin ' Microsoft -RRB- because I could n't stand the ribbon . I 'm hoping they go back to the menu system in the next version , or at least give you the option of switching between the two . I found that once I installed Office 2003 that I could n't open any of my Word or Excel documents that I had made with Office 2007 because the default save format in Office 2007 is incompatible with other versions of Office , so I had to download the Word viewer , which was a bit of a hassle . I 'd recommend just saving your Word , Excel , and Powerpoint files in the format that is compatible with older versions . In the end , having OneNote was the biggest reason that made me reluctant to go back to 2003 , but I thought it was worth it so I would n't have to relearn how to do everything in Word and Excel .
 This product will screw up your Outlook and Powerpoint spell-check facilities . They know about it but wo n't offer a solution . If you proof documents with any regularity , this `` upgrade '' will deprive you of the facility . Also the Word documents are criminally incompatible with earlier versions -LRB- beware `` docx '' -RRB-
 I received the microsoft edition that seemed complete from my purpose until I tried to email my resume from the word and guess what the email switch is turned off for this edition , try explaining that to a possible employer that would like to see your resume in word form and you can only advise that you can copy and paste . It also seems too busy at the top for switching for the needs to type a simple letter .
 The old Microsoft Office was the best and the easy to use . Most of the changes that were made seem to have come from the people they use in the commercials about Windows 7 that come across like novices and gamers . I suggest staying with the old office until it is no longer supported .
 I was n't pleased with Amazon because I could not get anyone to respond to my e-mail or phone call . After I ordered this product , I became aware of the offer to upgrade to Office 2010 when it became available . I wanted Amazon to tell me if I qualified with the existing product but got no response so I returned the product . I have since ordered it again with the added fearure that I can upgrade to Office 2010 later this year.Amazon lack of response did cost me money because of the return fee and the price had gone up since my original order . I believe you need to review your ccustomer service ptocedures.The Seller did a very good job in getting me the product in a timely manner .
 The fancy packaging has plenty of space for an users ' manual . Spend less on fancy packagimg and more on making the software useful for the consumer ! As it is , the over-priced program is completely useless to me !
 I 'm not ready to write a review about this product , since I have n't opened the box it came in . I may return it .
 Ordered on May 15th , and the product was never delivered . I sent 4 emails to the seller asking the status and NONE were returned!I had to wait 4 weeks before I could get a refund.I will not do business on Anmazon again . Ebay is easier and more reliable !!
 I should have noticed before ordering that Microsoft had inexplicably deleted Outlook from its Office for students package . Unfortunately I did n't notice until we had opened one package and installed it and discovered that it had stripped off our Office 2003 leaving the student without Outlook.And I should have noticed that Amazon has a policy of not allowing a return of opened packages of software . So we wasted that purchase . We returned the second copy for credit .
 I really ca n't give a review of the product because I did n't get it but I can give a review of the service . You say you ca n't deliver to a P.O.Box but you still send the package by US Postal Service . I filled out the form that listed both my house address and the P.O.Box # . You left off the box # and sent it . If you had put the box # on the package the Post Master would have held it for me to pick up . If the Postal service made deliveries to my house I could save a cool $ 60 a year .
 I thought Microsoft Office products were similar enough to be compatible with one another and have many of the same features . Wrong . This program produces documents that can not be read by any other Microsoft product . It has few needed features . Bad decision to buy this .
 You 'll have to look for an important sentence before you buy Windows PowerPoint home/student edition . It is not allowed for commercial use . That includes showing your presentation to any sort of audience - whether they pay to get in or not . Consequently you can only create presentations for your own amusement , I guess.That was not brought forth in my purchase of PowerPoint and I 'm damned mad that Microsoft got my 99 dollars without very clearly - in headline sized type - telling me the product is useless because I ca n't show the presentation to anyone . I do n't know what the punishment might be . A personal whipping from Bill Gates , a fine , or what?I 'm glad to have found this out BEFORE I went to the expense of learning how to use it . I 'll just download something else - once I 've determined they do n't care how I use it , and I guess I just eat the $ 99 .
 Epitaph of Microsoft 2007 products
 I have been ripped off . The code will not enter and the software will be useless after so many log ons . I have no clue how to really get what I thought I paid for.P.T . Barnum was correct!This is the first time I have been burned thought purchases though Amazon . I was too trusting!Roger Howard
 This is a crippled version of the full package . OpenOffice is a complete version . It handles the MS proprietary file format along with open versions.Open Office is FREE for the download ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 When our man instakked it we found that it had no email site !! We have to use our cox email and we hate it . You would think any program entitled home and student would have email capacity . We feel cheated .
 I ca n't believe how MS keeps screwing up this product . I 've been using Excel since it was called MultiPlan for the Mac . I 'm stuck using Excel 95 because it was the last version where there is a `` Pause '' and `` Resume '' button for the old macros which I have mastered and run my complex business on . These macros are indespensible to me . So I use Excel95 for building , trouble shooting , and perfecting macro instructions . For reasons too involved to explain , I also needed an updated version of Excel and Power Point . Thus my purchase of Office 2007 . My biggest gripe is that again , Microsoft assumes they know better than I do as to what toolbar items to display . They have so many tools on the screen that I do n't use , it slows down and sometimes stops work because I ca n't easily find the tool I 'm looking for . Yes , I can customize the ribbon and that helps a lot , but the tools are so small , they are difficult to see and interpret . As for the main tool bar , its not customizable . Your stuck looking at what MS decided you need to look at . AND , they force the user to remember which tab the tool is located on . So , you have to go on a hunting expidition to find where MS decided to hide the particular tool you 're looking for.I run complex macros on large databases and the new Excel is much much slower than Excel 95 . I 'd like to kick somebody at MS in the behind and tell them they need to allow the user to CUSTOMIZE as much as we can and there 's nothing wrong with the old Excel macros they do n't seem to want to support.The rest of the package is fine.John L. Sullivan
 I have not used the product because it is for a PC . I need a MAC program and mistakenly ordered the 2007 version . I would n't have minded paying for return shipment costs , but the seller would not accept a return for a refund . This should have been announced on the website that a refund was not allowed . She should not be able to advertise on Amazon in the future .
 I am sorry I can not review this item because I was sent the wrong item
 I thought it would include Outlook . I just did n't read it close enough to realize it did n't . I believe I made a terrible purchase decision .
 Product ID Code on this disk was not accepted by MS as valid and could not install or use to activate the MS Office 07 preinstalled on my new laptop .
 I bought this to install on a new computer so that I could send Word Documents by email . Which Word 2000 on my old computer has never had a problem with . IT wo n't , and Microsoft knew it would n't and promises that the service pack will repair it , `` most likely '' . But the service pck is not yet available on CD 's , fourteen months after release of the product . I 've bought my last Microsoft product . Oh you can download it if you have fourteen hours ! I wish I could sell defective products then charge my customers for the repairs , if I ever got around to it .
 New users are warned
 purchased this in response to an error message from my MSN explorer telling me I needed to install it to get a spell checker working.Now I am told that the version is too new to work with it.Sorry , if it is putting money into the Bill and Milinda Gates Foundation it should talk to the others ... or they should fix it.Unhappy
 If I did n't have to use this product , I would n't . There are too many reasonable alternatives now for someone who has n't been trapped in the Microsoft fraud . If you are just starting out , go with Ubuntu and OpenOffice.org . Tehy are just as good , for the vast majority , and they are free .
 The first time you open Word , you wo n't know what to do , and the same will happen with subsequent use . A friend sold his Microsoft stock when he saw how complicated & difficult to learn the new Office 2007 was ! I have a free copy through my employer for home use . I put it on my laptop to practice with . I ended up putting 2003 back on it .
 I purchased Office 2007 along with my new computer recently . I expected the program to be similar to Office 2003 , with some adjustments important for Windows Vista compatibility . To my dismay , Word and Excel have been catastrophically redesigned to the point of being useless . If you are a veteran user of these programs , you will find that many keyboard shortcuts are no longer functional . Colors and effects you are used to in Excel graphs are no longer possible to replicate . Menus are extinct in these programs and have been replaced with a horribly gaudy ribbon that must have been designed for and by complete idiots . The reasoning for such a comprehensive overhaul of two previously very functional programs escapes me . Obviously , the engineers have never heard the saying , `` if it aint broke , do n't fix it . '' Go to the ends of the earth to find a copy of Office 2003 before wasting any money on this product . Good luck !
 I purchased Office 2007 and I was impressed by many features with Word and Excel . But be careful . The Outlook 2007 will bring your computer to a screeching halt . There is a function that synchronizes folders and it will lock your machine from 20 seconds to several minutes while it downloads e-mail and organizes them . The internet is full of very dissatisfied customers trying to solve this problem . I have been a very dedicated Microsoft customer but this has turned me . They have refused to address it and take a `` tough luck '' attitude . They will tell you your e-mail is too large but size does not seem to matter much . Use caution and do your homework before you spend your money on this .
 Six months ago , we purchased and installed this product on our computers , removing the earlier version of the Microsoft office suite , with the firm belief that we now have a superior upgrade.Unfortunately , after two weeks of earnestly trying to learn and use this version we gave up , and removed it and reinstalled the older , friendlier version.Perhaps we will keep it on one computer , taking some time during the course of the year learning how to use this format and product design.So far , we have found the format to be quite different -LRB- ie . from the older version -RRB- , cumbersome , and somewhat difficult to use.We agree , this version is not user-friendly ! Norton Internet Security 2008 up to 3 UsersNorton Antivirus 2008 1 User
 If you have Office 2003 , you should just keep it . Do n't bother with this atrocity of a program , unless you want to learn an entirely new interface . Microsoft took a perfectly good interface and absolutely ruined it in an effort at `` streamlining . '' Word and Excel , in particular , have had their usefulness savaged . Here 's the worst part
 The new Microsoft Office definitely performs very well in terms of speed , but the glaring issue everyone mentions about the new Office is the interface.It 's tedious , it 's difficult to maneuver , it 's everything you do n't want to deal with when you are trying to be productive and get things done quickly.Draw a double-line ? Maybe , I 'm still trying to figure that one out . In Office 2003 I can do it in a matter of 5 seconds.Add borders to an existing paragraph style ? Maybe , I spent 30 minutes the other night trying to do this with no luck . At work -LRB- where I use Office 2003 -RRB- I did it in a matter of 5-10 seconds.Sometimes even the simple tasks , finding program options , finding the `` About '' screen to see what service pack you are running will take you several minutes to figure out.Experienced users will long for a menu bar , new users will probably be alright as long as they do n't try to do much beyond the scripted Microsoft styles .
 This update of Microsoft Office Student 2007 that uses VISTA does n't have all the same features in parts of WORD , like even the option to save the file as a PFD file . I am not happy with VISTA and I am not happy with this update of MICROSOFT OFFICE STUDENT 2007 . I am unable to use files saved in WORD , POWERPOINT , and EXCEL with other versions of the same software without much , much extra work , or rework . Its cumbersome , not user friendly , not compatible with previous versions . I am very disappointed with the product .
 Where to start ... ???? SO many things are messed up in Office 2007 . Here are my top 3 : # 1
 I will make this as short as I can . I am a long time user -LRB- ~ 10yrs -RRB- of MS Office , many versions of both Word and Excel . When I started having some compatibility issues with my old version , I decided to upgrade . My advice to you is , at all costs , avoid upgrading if you can . If you can choose a different product -LRB- non-Office -RRB- , do it.In Word especially , all the old interfaces have been completely redone , from the menus available right to the way help is -LRB- dis -RRB- organized . Many of the old usability features , such as templates -LRB- for letters -RRB- , how you interact with colors/fonts/etc . , and how you print , preview , and perform simple functions , are gone or changed.Microsoft apparently believes that manuals are a thing of the past , so finding out where my old options are , if they still exist , has been a chore of figuring out which of the dozens of help topics are actually relevant , and if they will help me -LRB- which they typically have n't -RRB- . Even in Excel there have been interface and usability changes that have made it difficult for me to work with it , given my long history with previous versions.My only caveat is that brand new users may find it easier to work with than old ones , but again , the poor help system would hinder even that , I would think.Best of luck .
 They changed everything ! In an effort to make it more user friendly , they 've rearranged most of the controls . Menus are replaced by headings . It is difficult to accomplish what were easy changes before . Some of this will likely improve with use.WORD 2007 is constantly trying to think for you , auto formatting as you type . However , it often is n't thinking what you are , and making it obey your commands is frustrated by the new headings . Particularly frustrating , when I `` right-click '' on a list to restart numbering at `` A '' -LRB- ie . after roman numeral II on an outline -RRB- , WORD 2007 flatly refuses . My research paper is now formated : I. HeadingA . subpointB . subpointC . subpoinII . HeadingD . subpointE . subpointF . subpointIII . HeadingG . subpoint etc. ... etc. . . This is ridiculous and inexcusable ! I also had to individually superscript 130 + footnotes . Somehow , in changing the font from the Widows default `` Calibri '' back to `` Time New Roman , '' the footnote setting was altered and I have yet to determine how to restore it . However , if I open a new document it is fine , but I really do n't want to retype a 30 + page research paper.POWERPOINT 2007 works well enough , compared to the older version . They have added a few bell and whistles , but nothing that gets in the way.If you have to buy a new computer you 're likely stuck with the new MS Office 2007 . But do n't buy it until you have to . It is NOT an upgrade from the previous two versions .
 I do not understand why Microsoft insists upon taking a perfectly good product and screwing up it beyond recognition . Microsoft Office 2003 , in particular Word 2003 was perfectly fine . It did what you needed it to do and it did it simply . I just bought a new laptop and could not find my Office 2003 discs so I was forced to buy the 2007 version . I am very computer saavy and have been using the Office products for over ten years and I absolutely hate this new version . Nothing is where it used to be and things are difficult to locate . One should not have to read the manual to use a product that has been around for years . I can see tweaking a product but completely overhauling something just for the sake of doing it and forcing consumers to buy it is insane . They could have kept the basic layout of the program . But ohhhhhh no , Microsoft has to screw everything up given the opportunity . I can understand if you want to overhaul the product but still make the old product available for sale for those who enjoyed the older version . Do not think you are going to jump into using this product . Do n't install it until you have plenty of time to read the manual and look for things . I am not a happy camper and if I had any other option to be able to type school papers I would but unfortunately Microsoft has a monopoloy on this sort of software and it is a shame . If you are happy with your current Office 2003 , do NOT upgrade just for the sake of upgrading . This product is not an improvement .
 We have not found the Word 2007 version of this product easy to use.Six months ago , we purchased and installed this product on our computers , removing the earlier version of the Microsoft office suite , with the firm belief that we now have a superior upgrade.Unfortunately , after two weeks of earnestly trying to learn and use this version we gave up , and removed it and reinstalled the older , friendlier version.Perhaps we will keep it on one computer , taking some time during the course of the year learning how to use this format and product design.So far , we have found the format to be quite different -LRB- ie . from the older version -RRB- , cumbersome , and somewhat difficult to use.The Word 2007 version of this product is not user-friendly ! Comment Comment | Permalink
 We bought a new PC for home and went with the new Office . It is difficult to use , a total change from previous office versions . I hate it . I do n't even use it because it is so darned cumbersome.If you can work without it . Do .
 I have used WORD for word processing for several decades . I purchased this package because I found my WORD-2000 deficient in some areas relative to more modern technology and there was a package deal including powerpoint . When I received the package , I installed it immediately , but , luckily , did not remove WORD-2000 . I could not follow the operating instructions that came with the program ; I also could not use the new program since the basic window did not relate , at all , to the previous program . I now need to spend some time taking a course in WORD because Microsoft did not foresee the importance of making a smooth transition to the new program . At a minimum , the basic wondow should look the same with the same selections available or be somewhat intuitive . Sorry , but this one misses the standard for a smooth transition .
 I purchased this product for installation on an older HP desktop which was being repaired . The switch was unable to be fixed , so I went out and purchased a new computer -LRB- again HP -RRB- which has a Windows 8 operating system . I was told by the techs -LRB- Geek squad -RRB- , sales people , and ultimately the manufacturer -LRB- HP -RRB- that the 2007 version COULD NOT be installed on my new desktop ; no drivers for an update.I attempted to return it to the seller and he denied the return . Needless to say I am not happy !!
 This seller did n't send anything after you order , he or she is considered a scammer !
 First of all , I would like to stress that plot matters a lot to me . If it does n't matter so much to your child , you can disregard some of my review.The game begins with an annoying cutscene where everyone is far too overdramatic . This might be funny to young kids , but I think older kids -LRB- like the ones in the AGE RANGE , like me when I first played this -RRB- will find it irritating . On the sign-in screen , they make it sound like `` play the opening cutscene '' is optional , but the options can not be unchecked unless you check something else , and they forgot to put a `` do n't play opening cutscene '' option . Basically , the option does n't even work.As for gameplay , a lot of these activities are fun , especially the puzzle games , the ghost crossing game , and , my personal favorite , a sentence-building game that teaches parts of speech . I 'm not much of a judge about educational content , but I do believe this would be a good way for kids to review what they learned , even if it 's not very challenging for the upper end of the age range.One unique part about this game is that , to free the missing guests , you have to find three objects belonging to them . You win an object after each game you win . To find out which three objects belong to each guest , and to find out which two objects are red herrings , you need to find `` clues '' . Clues are certain pieces of paper lying around that you wipe off to find a message . The difficulty of the clues will increase as the game progresses.But , like I said , certain plot deatils have a big effect for me , which is the reason I only gave the product two stars -LRB- Minor spoilers below -RRB- . As the discription says , the goal is to help a green goblin called Rave rescue six citizens that Dr. Dabble captured . After you rescue them , a news story the citizen wrote will explain just why Dabble hates them so much , as well as what happened to them in the mansion . The first two citizens are victims of a love triangle . Fine . The movie star Rave is obssesing over in the beginning cutscene owned a poodle that irritated the not-so-good doctor . O. . . Kay . But the reason he wants revenge on a particular coach is because the coach gave him a bad grade in PE . What ?!?! But that 's not the worst of it . A librarian named Gorky Barf or something like that was kidnapped because he would torture -LRB- sort of -RRB- kids who did n't return their library books on time . Ouch . But the mayor Jackie O'Cassidy is the worst by a long shot . Apparently she and Dabble ran against each other for class president , and instead of beating him by fair means , spoiled little Jackie made her mom , who was also the mayor at one point , build a highway through Dabble 's bedroom . When I read that , I wished I 'd left her as a vaccuum cleaner . That 's just evil.Also , there 's this mysterious ghost named Lydia . She 's probably the best part of the game , especially since her obituary is one of the ` red herring clues ' lying around the library and she has her own laptop . She promises that when you finish the game she 'll give you the password to her laptop so you can read her story.I was excited to read her laptop ... until I read it . It 's a story of how Lydia drives herself mad hiding from what turns out to be a version of herself , and , quite naturally for the scary story attitude , it ends on a total cliff-hanger , never to be resolved . Very scary , and it does n't make much sense , either . -LRB- Minor spoilers end here -RRB- So , like I said , if plot is n't a big deal for you , this is a very good game . But if your child has an active imagination -LRB- like me -RRB- , you might want to leave this on the shelf .
 If you want to get the UK/Ireland map , get the download from Garmin . The MicroSD/SD is an off-the-shelf brand that does n't work reliably . You can buy higher quality media on your own rather than this cheap adapter kit . I 'm very disappointed with this amateur product from Garmin .
 The Brazilian map is of no use . I live here and used it on approx . 1 ' 000 miles.a -RRB- In the city , streets are lacking , have outdated intersections , returns etc. . And the map is constantly off some 100 ft.b -RRB- On the countryside the situation is even worse
 If I could give this European card no stars , I would . This was nothing but a huge disappointment ! We expected our Garmin with this card to work as well as it does in the Us . We could NOT have been more wrong . It would take 10-15 minutes to find a satellite , if it even found one . Then once it found it , it would lose it very easily . The few times it actually did work -LRB- and I mean few ! -RRB- it would makes us walk out of our way , up to a half mile one time . We were there for 6 weeks and I think this card worked for us , maaaaaaaaaaaaybe 3 times . Biggest waste of money we 've ever spent .
 I ordered this three weeks before my trip and it do not come in time . I will be returning this item and will not be doing business with this company again . If you can not have quicker service than that you should inform the customer of this .
 We ordered this product so my husband could use it when he goes into Canada to go fishing . The description said it was for all of Canada , but it only gives us two prov . I have contacted the seller to try and return it , but they are ignoring me . I have never had such lousy service from an Amazon vendor before .
 After being beholden to the Garmin for getting us through Spain last summer , I did n't hesitate to buy the Garmin map for Ireland . Fortunately I had read other reviews of the chip and was prepared to find some roads unaccounted for by the Garmin . We were fine getting around Dublin and the route toward Cork , Kinsale and on to Kenmare . Heading north along the west coast , however , we were terribly disappointed by the Garmin . Beyond Trabert into County Clare and the large city of Galway , the Garmin was totally worthless . If we had n't had the Collins road map , we would have been entirely lost . It 's not like the roads are new in western Ireland !!! Come on , Garmin ... get with the program and get your act together !!! I spent a good sum of money on the product and it was n't as advertised .
 Having used the city navigator briefly while in Sicily , I 've found the maps totally outdated . I eventually found my destination , but only after some frustration . It usually had me taking the longest route . It clearly needs updating ! Fortunately , you can not get lost using it .
 We found this to be completely useless on our trip to Ireland in June . We rented a car in Killarney and drove the Ring of Kerry , the Ring of Dingle , and up through The Burren to Galway . Thank goodness we had a map from the rental car company and a guide book with halfway decent maps . The Garmin could not recognize most of the addresses for our hotels and could n't even find a lot of the towns . I 'd say over 80 % of the time it did n't even show us as being on a road and I took one picture where it thought we were driving in the ocean.I do n't know whether it would be useful in Dublin . Like I would imagine most people do , we used public transportation there . It was a complete waste of money . I am considering writing the company to complain and requesting a refund .
 I tried this product in the `` Interior '' of Sao Paulo.It did not have a listing for the airport that we flew into . Using it to give directions from the airport to our destination was a disaster . It wanted us to go through every small town and down the frontage roads of the `` freeway '' , rather then stay on the `` freeway '' . At our destination , it wanted us to drive the wrong way on the one way streets , was off aprox 100 meters , or one street all of the time.Based on what I saw , this product is not ready for use outside of the big cities .
 Happily I just received this , in Europe that is , nice toy from Garmin . I live in Rio de Janeiro , the second biggest city in Brazil and there are a lot more mapping to do before this fills the purpose . Even in the city core of Rio most numbers of the streets are missing and if your go a few kilometers outside , nothing , nothing exists.Actually , I find the product far from ready in Brazil . Shame on you Navteq -LRB- and Garmin -RRB- , this one should have came with a steep `` beta '' discount , if at all .
 I purchased this update for use during our time driving in Ireland and England , early summer 2011 . Several times in the 10 days of travel we were on roads and highways -LRB- carriageways and motorways -RRB- that were not in the software . I found out these roads have been in use at least one year . If this is considered current then I doubt it is worth the money . In addition , during this trip the software seemed to often choose odd , inefficient routes . I checked and rechecked the settings to make sure it was set to fastest and not just shortest , and that it was not set to avoid highways , etc. . We would drive by short routes to a highway , to drive through town to get on the highway we could have been on earlier . This happens once in a while in the States , but this summer in Ireland it was frequent and frustrating . Bottom line - I will not buy another update from Garman . The cost is already almost that of a new device - but the bigger issue is the fact that the software is not current , and not accurate .
 The detailed map is not so good because does not include certain points such as tolls , bumps and radar indication .
 it was unclear from the tech specs available at Amazon that this card would not fit the newer Garmin GPS units with the smaller data cards . I returned it , but so far have n't received any notification that Amazon has received it or gotten any credit on my credit card
 Had major problems installing this product onto a Vista machine that already had Office2007 installed . Had to spend 2 hours with Microsoft to get it loaded . Then it would n't accept my old files from previous Visio . Worked with Microsoft for 6 hours on this one . It turns out that Visio 2007 does NOT follow the file naming convention for Windows Files ... . Had to change the names of all my old files before it would accept .
 Microsoft has taken a gigantic leap backward with Word 2007 . The interface is horrible ... virtually unusable . Everything takes forever to find now . The simplest commands are no longer located in any logical place . I spend 75 % of my time hunting for stuff that used to be easily and predictably placed in the interface . This product is an attempt by Microsoft to impress somebody with a slick looking interface . Unfortunately , usability was not just a low priority - it was completely excluded from the list . I can not use this garbage . I need a word processor that let 's me spend my time writing instead of looking up stuff in help .
 The new version of office should be provided as part of a training seminar on what not to do when building a user interface . The new ribbon style of interface fails in all points , putting specialty features used in a fraction of documents , such as mail merge , reviews and citations , front and center while burying standard features amidst a bewildering array of outsized toolbar buttons . With no `` classic view '' option or equivalent , the end effect is to reduce professionals , who have become accustomed to a standard interface over many years , to spend several minutes hunting through an interface that makes little logical sense to accomplish what should be a five second task.If that were not enough , the new version of office breaks backwards compatibility for a number of standard features when working with documents saved in older formats and with 3rd-party plug-ins . Indexes do not port over nicely between versions , nor do a number of other minor features , while the 3rd-party application Camtasia caused Power Point to crash to desktop repeatedly.In return for these types of headaches , the new version offers almost nothing new in the way of features or fixes to longstanding bugs and quirks . Essentially we are offered the same word processing , spreadsheet and presentation applications spruced up with an unintuitive user interface that may look `` gee whiz '' during a demo , but quickly fails to impress when it comes to actual usage.As a professional who heads up a technical publications department for a software firm , I 've watched productivity drop dramatically when it comes to using the new office for creating materials . I can only hope that Microsoft in the future spends less time worrying about how snazzy the gradient fill effects are and starts to again to look at the functionality that made its products great in the first place .
 Microsoft had done it again . An updated product where the user interface looks slick on the surface but is a nightmare to use . It seems like they are so large that all they care about is looking good , actual ease of use does not seem to be a priority . The beauty of the original was the ability to customize the buttons you use often to be right in front of you when you needed it . The ones you did n't need could be in drop down menus to go get here and there as required . Now you have to literally search for the command you need through multiple pages of options , most of which you will never use . You get to see what a great product it is every time you need to perform a function by having to search through all the other functions Word can perform trying to find the one hidden one you are looking for . And apparently they are so concerned about their customer 's needs and wants that they left no option to use the classic view . They seem almost to have known just how awful the new interface is so to avoid nobody actually using it they left you no option if you upgrade or buy a new computer .
 We purchased this program thinking that it would eliminate some of the bugs from earlier versions of Microsoft Word . Instead , it multiplied and amplified them . Whoever designed this program seems never to have spoken with a secretary . Our word-processing staff , who have years of experiece with many different systems , including earlier versions of Microsoft Word , found it frustrating and unusable . Documents that took only minutes to type took an hour or more to format . The simplest functions , from inserting page numbers to aligning paragraphs , required extensive searches through a maze of templates . Nothing was simple or intuitive . And when we attempted in desperation to escape from the program into a friendlier alternative environment , we discovered that even that had become a major project . The program offers seductively pretty graphics , but ruins office productivity .
 Microsoft claims that the new `` ribbon '' interface allows users to more easily find and explore options . This may be true for new users ; I would n't know . For those who use office programs daily and are well versed in the various options available , the new ribbon is infuriating . Worse , Microsoft offers no option to return to the classic menu system . I have seldom been so frustrated with an update . It 's as if the people who traditionally use their products were completely ignored for the sake of new users .
 Word 2007 is a perfect example of why you should n't try to fix something that was never broken . Instead of improving Word , they made it ugly and just plain annoying . An experienced user can figure out how to use it ... but the hunting and searching for functions that used to be a snap to find is a frustrating , time-consuming waste . The toolbar is now a `` ribbon '' that 's a cluttered mess of icons instead of quick , simple pull-down menus . I wish I 'd done more research , and I 'd have ordered an older version of Word with my new laptop . THIS SYSTEM SUCKS . I think they were trying to court Apple users and instead alienated their loyal MS customers . One star is n't low enough .
 Highlight
 I am an office manager and administrative assistant which means I use MSWord , PowerPoint and Excel all day long.MS Word 's changes are beyond awful . I can not find anything , I spent almost all of my time in a massive state of angst over where things are and can not understand why this was done . Did MS even THINK about the actual day to day end users ? My office bought me a brand new everything computer and I had to give it to one of the bosses here as he rarely uses Word - I bought ANOTHER computer and then I had to go buy a used copy of MSWord 2003 so I could actually get back to work . I certainly hope they know about this and will come out with an MSWord 2008 that goes back to the drop down menus , etc. that we all know how to use . Who has time to completely re-learn the whole thing ? Word Perfect is easier at this point and I do n't LIKE Word Perfect .
 I read the reviews and figured everyone was just too sensitive . I could n't really believe that MS would actually put out a product that had completely rebuilt the UI of their most successful product ever and not provide a compatibility option and also create one of the most unusable interfaces I have ever seen.My company bought the product for my new laptop and I installed it and I tried to write my first document this evening and was flabbergasted . None of the 1-star reviews do this product justice . It should be MINUS TEN STARS.Believe the reviews . Do NOT purchase this product unless you have no choice and are willing to endure many painful hours unlearning EVERYTHING you have learned about MS Word over the past 10 + years and fumble around trying to figure out how to do things in the `` brave new world '' . Micro $ oft should be totally ashamed of this product and frankly it seems that a U.S. Depart of Commerce mandated recall providing full refunds to anyone who wants it is in order . I am going to see if I can get our company 's money back and purchase a surplus copy of MS Office 2003 . TOTALLY UNBELIEVABLE !!!
 Our school switched all the faculty over to Word 2007 at the beginning of this academic year and I have been cursing ever since.a . -RRB- Simple tasks take forever . This morning I typed a simple quiz for a history class ... nearly thirty minutes of wrangling and it still looks awful.b . -RRB- The hellforsaken program makes formatting hash out of nearly every document it touches , especially anything imported from Google Docs.c . -RRB- All the annoying automatic formatting rules are still there ; yet now it is even harder to figure out how to turn them off.Blessedly , my personal laptop still has an older version , else I would be completely sunk.Sorry Bill , you just lost a long-time user .
 If I knew how to give this software less than one star , I would . I just installed it and tried Word.MS Word 2007 is not the Word you know . It does n't even resemble the Word you know . Whatever you 're used to doing with Word , good luck finding the same functionality here . Microsoft has gotten rid of some functions and hidden others . And do n't expect the help menu to help.Microsoft knows how they 've disappointed people , so they 've come up with software you can use to go back to their classic look . But , as if Word is n't expensive enough , they charge $ 40 more to fix it ! The problem is their fault , and until they give away their fix , I 'll switch to another program.Looks like it 's time for a non-Microsoft product .
 Unbelievaalbe ! I 'm shocked ... . appalled ! I can only imagine that this was designed by unintelligent , irrational , graphicizing teeny-boppers between 11 & 13 years who have no concept of functionality , ease-of-access , users ' needs and so on . In a stroke they 've destroyed all that was so good in earlier versions . As a long-standing satisfied user of the earlier versions I had the misfortune to trial this recently after resisting for several years . What a time-wasting nightmare it has been.Bill and Co made one heck of a blunder and shot themselves in both feet with this offering . They 've single-handedly driven many users away to good open-source alternatives . And I 'm about to join that group.I 'll keep this short as others have covered everything I find equally offensive.PS . I 'd like AMAZON to offer their reviewers a Zero rating and a bunch of MINUS numbers , so that on the rarest of occasions , like this , people have the opportunity to provide a genuine rating . Being obliged to give this a rating of 1 just does n't cut it .
 This garbage is a waste of time , money , and will likely decrease the amount of years you will live from all the stress you will get trying to figure out how to use it . That 's a terrible sign when people actually want to downgrade to the previous product . I have an easier time solving the Rubik 's cube than trying to use this junk . I heard there was a conspiracy that Macro $ loth wanted to change the interface so that once people get use to it , they will no longer feel tempted to switch to Open Office . Better to not learn the new interface and perpetuate their monopoly .
 I 've been using MS Word 2007 for about a year now , and hate it just as much as the day I first launched it . They 've broken , or moved , so much of the original functionality that rarely a day goes by that I do n't have to go Googling the Net to find out how to do something . It 's feature-bloated and non-intutive for the generations of users who had become used to older versions of Word . What made them think they needed to change the user interface remains an enigma . MS Word 2007 needs to be put out of our misery . If I could give it 0 stars , I would.I have to wonder how much of this idiocy was carried forth into Word 2010 .
 Microsoft has made too many changes to the longtime office menus . Unlike past upgrades , this one requires training just to figure out where functions are hidden in the new menu `` ribbon '' . This is both frustrating and costly . There have been NO positive remarks about this product around my office .
 This is a big step backwards . It would n't be possible to run it on a decent level without Google . Things that are easy and clearly set out in Word 2003 have now been hidden away in Word 2007 . It may even have been removed . After months with this on my job , the conclusion is allways
 Like most others have said , this is a horrific update if you are used to the 2003 version . If you are a brand new user - great . Take your time learning the program . But for those of us professionals that have been using the program for years and would consider ourselves somewhat of an expert at the older program - our productivity suffers severely due to having to relearn everything.Great , simple , daily used functions are tightly hid away in the very recesses of this program . Not to mention the dumb tools menu that takes up half the screen and in no way speeds up editing of a document . Grrrrrr.I 'm not a person that cusses - but I came very close for several weeks with this program . It would have been nice if they would have tested this program with daily users of the previous 2003 version . I 'm not sure I have hated a program more than I do Microsoft 2007 .
 I am an expert with Word 2003 . But Word 2007 is poorly designed , very hard to navigate , and generally a big pain . What is really bad is the same poor user interface is now in the new version of Excel .
 I assume most people know the benefits of Microsoft Word and so I 'll just highlight the problems . I 'm using Windows 7 operating system on a Thinkpad laptop that 's less than a year old . I 'm writing a 300 page book about 50 hours/week and here 's what I experience :1 . Word crashes at least once a day for no apparent reason . Do n't upgrade to Word 2007 or Windows 7 if you think it will be more stable .2 . When Word restores the auto-saved file , it often is corrupted , whereby links to other files are broken and need to be rebuilt by hand3 . Their help feature is almost worthless . Unless you 're a 10-year old who does n't understand the most basic things like how to cut and paste , the help feature either does n't address your issue or forces you to spend 10-20 minutes finding it . I can usually search the web and find the solution 5x faster.If the business applications I need were available on a Mac , I would convert tomorrow and use Apple software .
 I was able to get used to the stupid new menu system , but I make note cards out of business cards in word , and 2007 is pathetic . Stick with the old version to avoid lots of frustration and ruined cards .
 This `` upgrade '' is so inexpressibly horrible , it 's hard to know where to begin . I have used prior versions of Word for aeons , and it was reasonably fast and efficient to use . This is neither . The interface is clunky and frustrating . I am stripping it off my computer as soon as I can lay hands on an older version . The entire development staff should be summarily fired .
 I have been using MS Word for 20 years and have always found it easy to use and practical - until now . I have gone from being an advanced user to a baffled beginner overnight as I struggle , and it 's been several weeks now , to make sense of this incomprehensible software that has replaced the excellent MS Word . You remember the term user friendly - well this is the exact opposite . What oh what were they thinking of ...
 Just bought MS Office 2007 for my new laptop . Opened Word and was shocked at the looks and functionality -LRB- simplistic , arcane , frustrating , non-intuitive -RRB- . In addition , the documents that it generates -LRB- ending in . docx -RRB- ca n't be read by earlier versions of Word . Nice . MS touts this positively , but after checking reviews this afternoon , I have not found one positive review by users . I 'm now trying to buy Word 2003 -LRB- I ca n't find my original Word 2003 download CDs -RRB- . Horrible . Horrible .
 People need to know that they should not `` upgrade '' to Word 2007 , nor should they accept a new PC package with this version of Word . I would be hesitant to purchase 2010 as well.I use Word 07 to produce medical reports . The same reports that I did on Word '03 for many years are now a mess in Word ' 07 . It is completely impossible to build a report following the standard format of left-margin heading and numbering with text positioned two spaces after the number , a hanging margin of .2 and justified text . In Word ' 03 , you just make a list and drag the whole thing to where you want it . But in ' 07 , it turns out looking like a pile of junk - not to mention - the more time an MT spends trying to line up letters , the less money we are making . To even come close , there is a convoluted and unintuitive procedure that I do n't have time for.If this means nothing to you , then at least consider the price . Amazon sells Word '03 for $ 300 and Word '07 for $ 179 . What better indication do you need to tell you that this version is not preferred by anyone ?
 I 've been a Word user since about 1995 and there have always been difficulties , as with any program . The difference is , as other programs age and evolve , Word seems merely to age and get further behind the times . For instance
 I am a software engineering major with significant experience using different products and this is one of the worst . Maybe it 's because I 'm used to how it used to be , but it 's inexcusably non-user friendly . Do NOT upgrade to this .
 I 'll make it short . -LRB- By the way this applies to all the OFFICE 2007 Products -RRB- It 's HORRIBLE !!! Instead of fixing the bugs and non-functionalityin the old versions they created many many new problems , bugs , and non-functionalities . From auto numbering to formatting to styles to just about anything you can imagine . If it did n't work before , it still does n't and in many case is even worse . The menus are stupid , and illogical , and horrible to work with . Customizability is reduced further . All the ribbon has done is to clutter up the screen more . -LRB- Leave it to MS to take waste the space of the larger and higher resolution screen we use these days !! -RRB- Try to find something , , , , impossible . And help ?? They ruined their help search engine a couple of releases ago -LRB- 2002 or so ?? -RRB- , and its worse than ever . I have to wonder who are the few -LRB- and there are VERY few -RRB- who have given this a good review . Some major publications have given so so reviews , and I suspect they are somehow afraid to say what they really think . Most so so or good reviews read like a MS news release , and its clear those reviewers have not actually tried to use this garbage.Horrible horrible garbage . Office 2007 is the WORST product MS has ever released . I work with many power users and universally it is hated . It 's a mystery that where I work , the suits decided that Vista was too horrible to switch to , yet they bought into the MS BS about Office 2007 . What were they thinking ? Stay away from this trash . Go download Open Office , and take a few minutes to learn to use it . Hopefully we can get MS to lessen it grip from the throats of the computer world just a little as a result of this fiasco.How could I make it short with so much to say . I 'll try again , Run Run Run Away from Office 2007 , unless you need to raise your blood pressure . Go get Open Office , and regain your peace of mind .
 So , if you 're like 99 % of PC users , you 've spent the last decade learning how to use microsoft word . Well , all of that wo n't help you a bit when you open up the new version of word . Nothing makes sense . I ca n't figure out how to do anything . It 's slow . It 's ugly . It 's expensive . It 's hard to use .
 The technical institute where I work implemented Word 2007 earlier this year . It 's been a nightmare for our students . They spend days struggling to create a simple document and the library staff spend most of their time trying to help them . I 've been using Word on a daily basis since 1997 and even I ca n't figure out how to make it work effectively . We all agree this is the worst word processing program ever designed .
 I do n't need to add anything to the general consensus that the command ribbon in 2007 -LRB- why ` ribbon ' ? -RRB- is awful and just serves to hide everyday functions and to confuse experienced users.But one observation . Microsoft STILL have n't fixed the effect whereby you delete the last word -LRB- or even just last letter -RRB- of a paragraph , and the entire previous paragraph changes format . If the following text happens to be a Header , the results are dramatic -LRB- and dismaying -RRB- . Overall , it fails the ` Argh ! test.At least for me , there 's nothing new here that 's good .
 I quote another reviewer
 I like spending my time hunting through the idiosyncrasies of the programmers more interested in strutting their flair than actually producing a usable product . Buy this , you too can learn to fumble through Help .
 The apparent Microsoft Marketing Department philosophy
 I had to upgrade some of my users to this product to allow them to view a highly formatted document which would not display correctly in word 2003 or Open Office . I will just put it this way - it did not go well . People do n't really like change for the sake of change.That 's all I have to say . Do n't upgrade unless you have to .
 I only have one piece of advice to everyone - do not buy this product . Very little works properly and nothing can be found in the menu system . Macros do not operate as you instruct and overall this software is a mess.Go back to Word 2003 , most of which , apart from the macros , works well .
 I am a long time user of Word -LRB- over 12 years -RRB- and other computer systems , and this is the closest I have ever been to throwing my computer out of the window.My home productivity has dropped through the floor since I installed 2007 -LRB- having lost the disks for 2003 in a house move , but having found incompatibility issues with Open Office too much of a pain to deal with -RRB- . My experience includes lecturing to consultants on website usability , and my opinion is firmly aligned with the one star raters.The problem with the previous interface was not the menu content , but the menu structure . Too many options , you needed to be an advanced user to know how to switch them off permanently , inconsistencies with other applications in the suite etc.The solution has made it much , much worse . ~ There is no option -LRB- or at least I have n't found it yet -RRB- to hide stuff you do not need . ~ It is incompatible with other toolsets like browsers and 99 % of the other computer applications out there that still use menus and options . ~ It has changed where you find things -LRB- when a supermarket does this , their sales drop dramatically over the following 4 weeks -RRB- . ~ The help file is only available online . ~ There is no option to return to the classic interface . ~ It took me over 15 minutes to find the keyboard shortcut alternatives for the new `` menus '' -LRB- eventually having to search the online help for `` disability '' - I use it for productivity -RRB- and some of the style formatting is still inaccessible or requires multiple key strokes to access ~ customisation is hidden on the different Word button icon that turns out to be a menu -LRB- under options - you can create your own ribbon , thank goodness ! -RRB- ~ still yet to find how I attach an existing Word Template with all my macros and standard styles in it to this document -LRB- help returned over 15 answers and the most obvious one , is n't the answer -RRB- . As another reviewer mentioned elsewhere , I hate to think of the costs this is going to impose on my company 's IT department to re-write the manuals , templates and retrain over 1,000 colleagues ... People who have never used Word before will get the hang of it soon enough . Anyone else , be prepared -LRB- and buy a copy of Office 2003 while you can ! -RRB- .
 Word 2007 is the most unintuitive , de-evolved piece of software ever . I 've had it for several months , and even after learning the new navigation , I 'm longing for 2003 . It 's absolutely worthless and frustrating.I do like some of the interface and graphical changes in Outlook 2007 . But it 's not worth the upgrade , since you 'll be downgrading the rest of the suite .
 My review will echo many reviewers experiences , that apply to not only Word but the entire Office 2007 suite . DO NOT BUY THIS `` UPGRADE '' as it will be a waste of your time . Office 2007 offers very limited improvements over 2003 , but significant disfunctionality . If you are running a company or any organization , you can count on loosing countless hours productivity in retraining your staff to use what should now be an industry standard product.MS Office 2007 and Vista should be used a examples of what happens when there is no competition and we all have to rely on a monopoly to provide critical business software . - I would like to see Google or Yahoo put up a $ 20M prize for someone to come up with a competitive OS and Office software that does n't use up all your system resources , is functional and looks and feels familiar.I will not resort to colorful euphamisms - however , Steve -LRB- Balmer -RRB- if this is your debut after Bill leaves - then I suggest your board immediately reassign you to `` special products '' . Steve - you do n't take an industry standard that everyone has learned to use over the past 15 to 20 years and change the user interface in one overnight change . I would suggest that MS do with office 2007 what they should do with Vista and that is take them off the market . If you want to make a change then I would suggest holding and open user forum to determine what changes need to be made and then assess the changes vs cost and benefit to the user and the company - -LRB- you may recall - it 's called a market cost benefit analysis -RRB- - Now how do I `` downgrade '' to 2003 ...
 The user interface for Microsoft 's Office 2007 -LRB- which includes Word -RRB- is horrible . I had it installed at work thinking I had an upgrade . From the confusing and unintuitive user interface to formulas that do n't work there is no way that I can recommend this for business professionals . Stay with 2003 or get Open Office unless you like pretty pictures .
 I 've used Word since version 2.0 . Of course , each time a new version came out , there were always some adjustments or glitches , sometimes frustrating ones . But overall , pretty much every version was an improvement , and after a couple of weeks , I did n't want to move back.This is different . I 've been using Word 2007 for several months now , and I still find myself stymied while trying to do the simplest tasks . I 'm constantly playing hide-and-seek with basic functions . Essentially , switching to this version of Word poses the same problems that you 'd have switching to a completely different word processing package . In fact , some alternatives , like OpenOffice or AbiWord are considerably more like the previous versions of Word than Word 2007 . Word just does n't feel like Word any more.The ribbon bar is pretty , but , as others have observed , it 's a giant leap backwards in functionality , and , if there is a logic to the way things are organized , it eludes me . If you want to write a macro , you go to the View menu ; if you want to edit a header , that 's under `` Insert '' . Whoever designed this interface does n't seem to have talked to the people who will actually use it . Add the fact that the default file format will not be usable by those with earlier versions of Word , and it almost seems like Microsoft is trying to wean people off one of its best applications , and urging them to get out in the world and try something new.Word 2007 is truly a disaster of an upgrade , and I 'm astonished that a company the size of Microsoft would make such a huge error with one of its flagship products . As far as I 'm concerned , this is Word 's swan song . Sad .
 I 've just downloaded the 60 day trial version . And what a trail it is - for me . This is absolute rubbish and almost impossible to use . The question is - how on earth have a huge software company with years of experience managed to produce something with such poor usability ? The so called ` help ' is worse than useless . It is impossible to find something such as ` heading 1 ' . After at least an hour of searching I have given up . I thought I might give it a try - but no way . I 'm sticking to Open Office .
 I have never encountered as much frustration with a piece of software than I have with MS Word 2007 , and Office 2007 for that matter . The software is user unfriendly -LRB- using the ribbon and finding commands -RRB- , poorly designed , and has too many errors in formating documents , especially using the styles features . With these flaws and many others in the software , it could only be a relief to use a replacement program from the competitors . MS has gained a reputation of making really bad software and charging an awful lot for it . MS Word 2007 -LRB- and Office -RRB- are examples of the really bad software .
 I write . I do tons of it . I 've been using Word since it was originally released and I have moved along with the product through every new version . However , with the release of Word 2007 , I may be forced to change to another software . Here 's why.The organization in 2007 is a Rubiks cube , and I spend way too much time searching for the function I need . The thesaurus is now more cumbersome and requires more mouse clicks . Page formatting is an exercise in frustration . Document protection does n't work . Opening and closing multiple documents is more difficult and guaranteed to go wrong . I could go on and on . There is nothing about this release that I like.I would warn experienced Word users who are thinking about `` upgrading '' to keep their present version . Hopefully , Microsoft will come to their senses and provide a version worth having - soon !
 The bottom line is
 Absolutely terrible software . Compared to prior versions of microsoft word , it 's a mess . Even disregarding all prior knowledge of previous versions , and treating it as its own separate entity , it 's a mess.M $ did a great job making commonly used , extremely necessary functions , nearly impossible to figure out . Want to center your title ? Too bad . Word will center the entire paper . I try highlighting just that line to center it ... but nope , that still centers the entire paper . I dig for 10 minutes through the piss-poor help file , read the convoluted explanation , and still can not figure it out.They did away with the common-sense file menu , and replaced it with a malformed Microsoft logo , almost as if to taunt you every time you are scrambling to find a function . It even saves the files in a new `` docx '' format , destroying all file compatibility with older versions . The only way to make your files compatible is to save in `` word 97-2003 compatible '' mode.Avoid this terrible program , and all of Office 2007 at ALL COSTS .
 2007 Word is quite an awful program . Why they had to change the interface so drastically , I do n't know . But what they have produced is quite bad . The very first time I used it , I was unable to cut and paste . It tells me I have some problems with macros . To enable this very basic of all functions , I had to enable `` dangerous macros '' . Then simple common functions such as paste special and replace are in all kinds of non-intuitive places . Useless functions such as styles take up half the `` HOME '' toolbar . There are so many problems , I dont even know where to begin.I had to go find a copy of Word 2003 and have gone back to the old one . -LRB- was n't easy ! -RRB- Enough said .
 Update , Feb. 2010
 One of my friends have this product . I admit that I am a cyber-geek who always likes to try new software on my computer . However , trying this product is a nightmare for me . The word runs slowly and sometimes freeze -LRB- my laptop is a new Dell XPS M1530 , which is one of the high-end products of Dell 's -RRB- . When I use the reviewing function , it happens frequently that some of my revisions are suddenly gone , and the revised portion is going back to the original@_@I'd say the interface looks shinny , but the functionality is indeed terrible . I 'm definitely going back to 2003 ...
 I will go back to OpenOffice - its free and usable whereas this program only costs money
 I have never had a greater desire to spew profanity than when I opened PowerPoint 2007 and stared at a screen where it was absolutley impossible to find the F ****** SAVE BUTTON.This is dog crap . The changes are useless , stylistic , fluff that do nothing except screw up your productivity because you ca n't figure out how to do what you 've been doing for years .
 Microsoft re-did the interface and trying to do the simplest of tasks has become a frustrating endeavor in futility . I have probably used all of the previous release versions up to this one both at home and at work and found them to be extremely professional , a pleasure to use , and very intuitive.Not so with this version . I have spent hours trying to simple tasks like print something . Print . You would think Microsoft would make an effort to make this generic task obvious and easy to perform without having to learn the ins and outs of the program so that anyone could do it without any special training at all . Nope . The menu at the top does not have such an option . Printing is like discovering a secret back door in a video game - you have to click on the funky windows logo at the upper left and this creates a secret drop down menu that finally lets you print . I had to use Google to get help to do this . For previous versions of the software I took and passed a test showing mastery in the software without any training and with minimal use but this version seems intentionally poorly designed . I am looking elsewhere for my word processing needs . Thankfully my work is n't using this software.I can not express how much I hate this program .
 It is amazing that this supposedly next generation software works worse than the previous version and does not address most of the persistent bugs found in Word 2003 . The most common compliant I 've heard is that they 've moved around all the features and buttons so you ca n't find them . This actually does n't bother me as once you know how to navigate the new interface it makes as much sense as the last one . What really makes this software stink is that it simply does n't work as well as the previous version.Want to format tables on the page correctly ? Want to share documents with co-workers and friends without them having to download a compatibility tool kit ? Want to spend 200 dollars and at least get a single feature improvement ? Then look elsewhere .
 I do not want to repeat all the negative reviews here - just to confirm that they are all absolutely right ! I do not care about the looks of the interface as such but I have just wasted 30 minutes doing what it would take me 1 minute normally . After a lot of swearing I downloaded Open Office , I have been a user of MS Office as long as I remember myself ... not any longer.Stay away from this software and stick to Word 2003 !
 My background is an experienced computer user , using the computer more then daily . I study computer networking and computer forensics at University level , using word alot for papers and reports.With a new computer followed a new version of Word , 2007 . So , I install it and start it up . Sure it loads up pretty quick , but when it is done I just sit there , watching , not beliving my eyes.Huge `` menu '' called a ribbon , atleast 4 times the size of a normal menu , containing some huge menu buttons for styles and some other really unusefull buttons for a proffessional paper . Sure you might use them once or twice so why put them there and so big ? And a big kind of `` file '' button sits there flashing in the top corner of the window , why do it even flash?That also brings us to the overall layout and design of the program . It seems to make it `` easy '' to use but for me as an experienced computer user it is just alot more confusing . Alot of functions seems to be missing and alot of short commands seems to been removed.My proffessional opinion about the interface and Word 2007 in general
 What have they been smoking at Microsoft ? This is the worst version of any software product I have ever used . Not just the worst word processor . Such as ridiculous features like the `` Themes '' ribbon , that a user MAYBE would use once in creating a document , if ever , but that takes up 40 % of the task bar real estate and can not be removed or replaced with utilities that I really DO use . And why am I forced to look at 5/8 inch tall images of a `` funnel '' , or a capital letter `` A '' . . given that I am no longer in first grade . And never mind trying to deal with inserting common autofields into the `` new '' Header and Footer interfaces . The only saving grace with the 2007 products is the ability to build a menu bar with `` most '' of the old icons , thereby rejecting the entire 2007 ribbon fiasco altogether .
 The entire Office 2007 suite is terrible . Functionality that was easy to find is now hidden . Difficult to use . I should 've switched to a MAC .
 I have used Word/Office for many years for work . I was even a computer lab assistant so I knew it pretty well . My company upgraded to 2007 this year , and everyone in the whole office hates it . In fact everyone I know complains about it . It is impossible to find the simplest of tools , and as said before , the whole interface is not intuitive in the least . It seems MS thought that they needed to make their software completely unusable so that the millions of people who rely on it would have to pay for retraining . If I was a lawyer , I would consider organizing a class action lawsuit against MS based on the staggering amount of downtime and retraining that their failure has caused . The software is so frustrating to use that one day my boss began punching his computer screen , and he is one of the most mild mannered , pc savvy people I know .
 I 've upgraded to the Office 2007 family and have been messing with it for about six months now . I 'm used to the changes in a variety of different types of software -LRB- CAD , Office , Adobe , etc. -RRB- with each new version and learning new ways to do old things , usually with a better result . I work for an engineering firm and Word has always been a bit tricky for many of the custom reports we create , but there has always been a way to do it and a way to create a template so that it 's that much easier the next time we do it . Unfortunately , Microsoft has really botched things up this time.Word 2007 looks pretty enough following the new Vista style of ribbon panels that are also used in AutoCAD and Adobe but that 's where the improvements stop . Things that used to be quick and painless to do -LRB- like headers and footers for example -RRB- now involve several steps including a ring of fire to jump through.What really pushed me over the edge though , was the way it now handles graphics . I had created several templates for the office for including labeled photos -- in a variety of layouts -- with various autoshapes . It was easy . Simply change the photo and copy the page as many times as you need for all your photos . Well due to the mixed graphics engine that Word has now you ca n't do it . Some of the graphics in Word are managed with the old engine and some with the partially implemented new engine . Hey Microsux , either implement it or do n't . Do n't do something halfway . On top of all that , objects that worked before now are quirky at best.For example , try and create a text box in which you want to insert frames so that each picture is cropped to the exact same dimensions with the exact same position so you do n't have to keep formatting the picture . Now try and copy it -- yeah , it does n't work so hot . It keeps placing the photo right where the old one is and it also removes the frame so you ca n't even adjust it if you desire.But wait , it gets better . Place a simple callout on a picture . Now that you have it right where you want it start typing in the text box and watch it move out of position . No biggie , just move it back . Oh , wait , I want to change the transperency of the text box -- damn ! It moves again . And again . And again . Every time you make a change!I do IT work for my company and several others including many software issues and `` how-to 's '' so I never `` lose it . '' I can always make it work , until now . DO NOT buy this product ! If you need to open 2007 documents download a free converter . If you 're looking to ugrade do n't go past 2003 and wait until Microsoft releases a new version of Word . Even then , wait at least six months to see what kind of quirks turn up online .
 Do not upgrade!For those of us who have had the good fortune to have used the earlier versions of this product ; let me just say MS. has really out done themselves this time ; this new -LRB- 2007 pro -RRB- version although twice the price , is quite an inferior product ! The spell checker is the worst on the market -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- the transposition or omission of any two letters can assure you of a blank suggestion list . It boasts a grammatical wonder , Yes ' I wonder how in the world it comes up with the idiotic corrections it does . The spell checker in the 2003 and earlier releases are far superior and more users friendly again , in my opinion . If you think USER FRIENDLY might have been a more appropriate term ; the grammar correction feature of this release would have insisted you 're just wrong !
 How or why anyone at Microsoft approved the release of Word 2007 in incomprehensible . Word 2003 worked well , with some areas that could have been improved . They did not try to improve the existing product
 I had the misfortune of having to use this product in a university library recently . After half an hour of screwing with it , I just gave up and used wordpad to produce the memo I needed from the samples of text I had already gathered - it was n't pretty , but at least Wordpad functioned in a normal manner . I 'm really disappointed that the installation of Office 2003 that used to be on those computers was deleted.Sun 's Open Office no longer has the lions share of the `` weird , hard to use software '' market ; Word 2007 takes everything that ever made Microsoft software worth using in the first place , and throws it out the window completely . Previously , software by the company exploited the fact that users were familiar with previous versions , and the new version would operate somewhat the same . Not so here - WORD 2007 DOESNT EVEN HAVE A MENU BAR ! Not only that , but for completely unknown reasons , Microsoft also broke another rule they had stuck with - there is no option to make the software `` feel '' like the version that preceded it - if you are not comfortable with how it works , your options are either to being the entire process of learning the Office Suite all over again , right then , right now , or just to use something else . Do n't bother with this product unless you relish completely relearning how to use everything.Now that I think about it , there has n't really been any innovations in Spreadsheets or Word Processing in the last decade or so anyways . Sure , operating system upgrades forced some other application upgrades , and different hardware enabled snazzier new features like better help searches with animated dogs , but for the most part , there 's nothing new . Now , we ca n't say that anymore - the clock speed of CPU 's has n't budged in half a decade and Microsoft has decided to re-invent the word processor from scratch - giving users what appears to be a social-networking website text editor that vomits buttons everywhere , and calling it `` word processing '' software.Word 2007 is garbage - skip this version . But , do n't abandon hope yet . I happen to own Word 2008 as a part of Office 2008 for the Mac , and while it still uses that incompatible and mostly unsupported . docx format , it at least has a fully functioning menu bar ! Hopefully , whatever comes after 2008 will also use a normal computer interface .
 I look at the screen and there is too much visual information , so my brain shuts off . How on earth is person supposed to know to click on that meaningless-looking button in the upper left hand corner in order to find all of the most important functions like `` open '' . Microsoft needs people that understand general-to-specific-thinking , big-picture-to-detail instead of the other way around . Programmers usually are specific-to-general or detail-to-big-picture , but most users are not . Hence Microsoft keeps creating this horrible software that feels like the visual equivalent of trying to have a conversation with a child during a rock concert . There is simply too much information coming at you at once , lots of it is n't meaningful and even if it is , you have to find it in all the visual noise . -LSB- -LRB- BTW , most websites are this way too -LRB- Amazon -RRB- -RSB- The ONLY reason I use Microsoft Word is that its so ubiquitous . I really want WordPerfect back . I have n't used it in years , but I remember how easy it was to use -LRB- I hope it still is -RRB- . Microsoft products so often do things that you ca n't figure out how happened . They try to read your mind , make assumptions about what you really want , constantly do unexpected things . It just asked me whether I wanted to delete something that I have no idea what was and no idea how I triggered it.Next time I 'm reading the reviews first , and then I 'm sure I 'm buying something else .
 I downloaded a trial version of Word 2007 , used it for about a week , and got rid of it . Lots of flash , no user-frienly features that I could find at all . Why in the world take a program that worked well -LRB- my old version is Word 2002 -RRB- , was easy to use , then complicate it to the point where I gave up on it because it was not at all user friendly , and not at all usable.When I uninstalled , THEN I got a very unpleasant surprise
 I 'm a professional writer and I just got a new laptop , so I upgraded my software to Office 2007 and I have to say that Word 2007 is simply dreadful . They took a nice , logical , easy-to-use program and made it horrifically not user friendly and difficult to use . In fact , I CA N'T do several things I could do on Word 2003 -LRB- for example , if I want to put a title page at the end of the document I ca n't do a pagebreak with `` begin new section '' so that there 's no number on it . -RRB- Also , I 've discovered I ca n't BOLD anything ... it wo n't print -LRB- bold italic will ! with plain bold I just get wingdings ! -RRB- I 'll be re-installing my Office 2003 suite this week . DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM ! Stick with Word 2003 because it simply works !
 I 've used word processing software for over 20 years , dating back to the Kaypro CP/M machine , Wordperfect , the original version of MS Word , Lotus AmiPro , and many others I can not even remember . This is the worst interface I have ever seen . What were they thinking ? The only idea I came up with to explain this release is that perhaps this version of word was really created by Apple or one of the Linux companies to drive users away from Microsoft Word . I downloaded openoffice and find it much more usable .
 I ca n't even use the word processor to write a simple letter now that the menu is gone and replaced with a ribbon . There should , at THE VERY LEAST , a way to revert back to `` classic mode '' but , AMAZINGLY , this is not possible.How sad is it that I am now using OpenOffice because I ca n't use a product that was great until the newest version ?
 For a test run , just try to do a simple task like create a table , or a few tables over a few pages . Then let the fun begin!I am an experienced user of Office , particularly Word and Excel . I have never spent so much time searching online for solutions to what are , at least were , very easy tasks , like the one above.Clearly , Office product designers do not use their products . There is absolutely nothing intuitive in fixing problems . Do a search on how to fix tables in 2007 . You will get examples of how obscure , buried and ridiculous MS makes simple tasks . Plus , in my attempt to add a page number -LRB- god forbid , Word user ! -RRB- I have a page number stuck in the last row of my table.Unfortunately , this next part of my rant is going to sound like product placement . However , to save myself more headaches I went to google docs , a product I have never used before , I copied and pasted my tortured and mangled tables from 2007 to google doc , and presto - perfect table placement on a document . Go figure.Bye Bye Word 2007 .
 This shocking abomination takes all the institutional knowledge that Microsoft gained over the years and just flushes it down the toilet . Why ? WHY ?! For example , just try to sort paragraphs or line items . Where is `` Sort ? '' You will literally search for 10 minutes trying to find the sort feature . AWFUL . What was happening in Microsoft 's usability department when they were testing this software ? Can someone post some of the transcripts like `` AGHGH ! This is awful ! What happened to my quick keystrokes ?! I hate this upgrade ! '' The transcripts would make great reading . This was deigned by the people who named the `` Nova '' automobile . No go .
 As a Mac user , I have been using Pages since 2006 , so I did not realize how badly Microsoft Word had taken the plunge until I was forced to use this version in my new school district.I am a teacher of composition , literature and rhetoric at the high-school level . Teaching composition and proper formatting to freshmen is always a challenge since little-to-no emphasis is placed upon proper formatting throughout elementary and middle school . In the past , I have always been able to rely on the default settings for Word Processing software , since it has historically been set to academically-friendly defaults . For example , the default for Google Docs is 11-point Arial font . True , Arial is not the best font for academic writing , but it 's not the worst , and if all my freshmen have to do is change the font and spacing , they are ready to begin composing in APA , MLA , or nearly any academic format . Likewise , Pages for Mac is academically friendly ; all I have to do is open it and start typing . Microsoft Word 2007 is a mess . Its ` normal ' setting adds additional spaces between paragraphs , and in spite of my instruction , my students are so accustomed to having word processing software do everything for them that they invariably start typing immediately without changing to ` no spacing ' and 2.0 line spacing and are bewildered when I order them to change it . `` But that 's how Microsoft Word makes it , and I do n't know how to change it , '' is a comment I constantly hear . On one hand , they should be literate enough to figure this out on their own -LRB- a skill they have sadly not learned in elementary or middle school
 Really awful interface . All the remarks made above -LRB- with the exception of the last 4-5 ; how come they all arrived together ? -RRB- as to awfulness are correct .
 not a good piece of software . lots of bugs . i had lots of trouble getting it to burn dvds . one time it would work , the next it would n't , and i had n't changed anything ! if you are shopping for dvd authoring software , go to the company home pages and check out their user support forums . i found NUMEROUS problems that other people had posted on sonic 's site . if so many people are having problems , then maybe that is a good warning sign . i would highly recommend TMPGEnc DVD author and TMPGEnc 2.5 . check out http://www.pegasys-inc.com/e_main.html . these offer much more control and features and i have n't had any problems at all .
 Bad , bad , bad . Support is bad . Products are buggy at best . You will spend many many many unneccessary hours of pain and suffering trying to make any Sonic product work . I have used MyDVD and DVDit . They are both perfect examples of terribly written software . And heaven forbid you should ever try to download an update from their website or get any information . Sonic products are typically bundled with hardware or other software . If your considering buying a DVD burner or firewire card -LRB- or other hardware or software -RRB- and it comes with a Sonic product , you may want to think again .
 For those who are considering buying this software -LRB- I do own it -RRB- in order to burn dvds from Tivo files save yourself a lot of headaches ... This is the third time I 've called for support been on hold for 15 minutes and then been disconnected -LRB- and this is not the first time -RRB- . This software continues to crash before reaching the dvd burn stage . My hardware is not the issue -LRB- 3.2 ghz/2 gig ram dual processor -RRB- Their help is rude and non existent . I would recommend that you look at VideoReDo although I have not tried it myself at this point . I will not by another Sonic product due to their customer support .
 Sonic -LRB- maker of MyDVD , DVDit , etc. -RRB- has some of the worst customer service I 've ever experienced -LRB- and I 've experienced some bad stuff ! -RRB- Just try to find a real working email contact or support person on their web site -- they have alot of good sounding text , but try to actually speak to a customer service person -- it is an impossible loop.I would avoid their products comepletely until their reputation improves in this respect . Giving them 1 star for this review is actually about 1000 times too much respect .
 A waste of Time . Sonic produces the most Blinkware software I have ever used , By that I mean it just blinks at you , and does nothing , sometimes it crashes . Sonic get out of the Software Business please , you give a bad name to Software . Only buy this product if you have extra time to spend
 Got this disturbingly poor software with my Liteon DVD burner . Using it was like going backward in time to the 2 speed SCSI CD burning days where I had a steady supply of shiny coasters . Installing Nero made my new DVD burner a useful tool finally . I can now backup information with some confidence . Sonic is as bad as OEM software gets IMHO . DO N'T BUY ... DO N'T EVEN INSTALL IF IT 'S FREE !
 This has a terrible interface but it does give you some licks and you can play along . It does n't offer much in `` instruction '' . I pretty much shows your tab and plays the midi notes as it highlights the tab . It 's a nice pretty box with just a CD -LRB- not a DVD -RRB- in it . There is no reason this should cost as much as it does.You are better off looking for tab online and use You tube for the music . This is very old software and it is very hard to `` learn '' a song off of it .
 I spent about an hour getting this to work correctly . I am disappointed with the interface and the lack of lesson information . Not a bad product but there are better guitar programs for sure
 This is an AWFUL product that can really mess up your PC . I followed the instructions exactly , told it what files I wanted to transfer , etc. . On some it only transferred part of the files . It was then impossible to remove some of those parts from my new PC . I also could n't download new versions of the programmes because it kept detecting that the files were already there , but unremovable . Finally I had to undo the move , which their `` support line '' assured me would not impact anything new I had added . This was not true at all , it messed up my PC completely and erased nearly every new file I created or added since . So far I have spent days trying to add and rebuild everything . My advise to anyone is to NEVER BUY OR USE THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I think modern technology is fabulous , and I appreciate what `` Textbridge '' has done with Optical Character Recognition . I had old , type-written , cut-and-paste-illustrated research papers that needed to be digitized , hopefully into an editable document that I could upgrade . Textbridge does that by scanning the document , asking you to recognize anything that Textbridge does not , queries you with `` is this right ? '' for some words and phrases , and creates a digitized , editable document virtually an exact copy of what you put in your scanner.If you want an EXACT COPY of what you want to digitize , that 's fine . It does a wonderful job of that . However , if you want to edit and expand the text , insert inclusions , or modify the format , you 're in for a long day.Textbridge creates zones of illustration and text . So far , so good . However , while your text on the original might be continuous down the page , Textbridge creates sub-zones that CAN NOT be connected to the sub-zone above or below for continuous flow of words . That is , it creates a zone the exact size of the current text , and if you try to add text , it will `` disappear off the bottom '' of the zone and NOT appear in the next zone . I ended up using Textbridge to recognize text and reproduce it digitally , then cut-and-pasted the paragraphs to pull the text off the Textbridge document and start a new document -LRB- in my case , MS Word -RRB- that would create continuous , editable text . Then I took the illustrations and saved them into PaintShopPro and used the images as inserts where I wanted them -LRB- again , in MS Word -RRB- . Whew ! A lot of work.So Textbridge is a mixed blessing .
 THIS CARD IS A 2010 MODEL . DO NOT BUY BECAUSE FOR A FEW DOLLARS MORE YOU CAN GET A 2012 . DATES MAKE A LOT OF DIFFERENCE ON A GARMIN . SHAME THAT THEY DO NOT TELL YOU IN DESCRIPTION .
 This item is advertized as Major Metropolitan Areas in Europe and is supposed to be the City Navigator Europe NT . But what they sent us only has maps for UK and Ireland . You can buy the UK & Ireland version for < $ 50 so be warned .
 I purchased the SD card for the purpose of navigating the streets of various European cities via the `` pedestrian option '' . Unfortunately I ran in to difficulty because the GPS , more often than not , did not produce the correct route . When the route was correctly indicated the `` turn left , turn right '' responses were delayed and proved to be ineffective . I tried the card with a second Garmin unit and the same problems occurred .
 My wife , a couple of friends and I had made plans to drive through southern Spain for two weeks . Altho I have driven throughout Europe at least a dozen times -LRB- once to Spain -RRB- previously , using only maps and my sense of direction to guide me , we had recently purchased a Garmin GPS for the US and decided to get the Europe `` chip '' for our trip . The `` chip '' -LRB- as advertised -RRB- came without packaging or instructions and whether purchasing the product in this way was a contributing factor in our unhappiness with the product may never be known . It may have been returned by a previous dissatisfied customer , defective or outdated . Here is a short list of our complaints.The `` voice '' of our guide was , at times , difficult to understand . In Spain -LRB- as elsewhere in Europe -RRB- roundabouts are a common method of directing traffic thru intersecting highways . The `` voice '' would tell us to `` exit '' on the -LRB- for example -RRB- `` third '' or `` fifth '' exit . Many times , we had trouble understanding which `` number '' she was announcing . Other times , she clearly gave us the incorrect exit , telling us to use the `` second '' when it should have been the `` third '' exit , etc.Most major highways are `` named '' with a letter and a number , primary highways being -LRB- for example -RRB- E 5 or N 393 although the letter in the name of the highway has absolutely nothing to do with the direction of travel . E , for instance , does not mean `` east '' insofar as the road titled with an `` E '' may travel in a generally N-S direction . Our Garmin navigator repeatedly told us to bare `` east '' on E roads or `` north '' on N roads which confused us and caused us to make wrong turns a number of times following the `` direction '' -LRB- east -RRB- we were given rather than following or continueing on the correct highway toward our destination.Most frustrating was the fact that , when we missed a turn or needed `` recalculating '' , the Garmin GPS Europe rarely got us back on track and when it did , not easily . We frequently had to refer to maps and Fodor maps to get us to our destinations or hotels once entering the cities we were visiting.Of interest , the BMW we rented had a built in GPS system but we did not realize we had that feature at first -LRB- our rental agent never mentioned it -RRB- After discovering the in-board GPS , it took several days to learn how to use it , program it , find an English speaking `` guide '' etc. . During the start of the second half of our trip , we used both the Garmin and the BMW GPS systems simultaneously . Whereas the Garmin often offered misleading directions and failed to get us back `` on track '' if we missed a turn , the BMW system -LRB- which was , overall , much easier to use -RRB- got us to our destination every time and without driving around in circles in search of our destination as we did with the Garmin on far too many occasions.Other complaints about the Garmin Europe include the `` last minute '' direction to `` turn '' left or right -LRB- in old `` city centers '' missing a turn can be fatal in the sense that between the one way and narrow streets can mean driving around for long periods of time relying on maps and asking locals for help -RRB- and the inability of the Garmin to recalculate directions.Anyways , that is enough . Ca n't rely on the Garmin . Have no confidence in it in Europe . Also , the keyboard of the Garmin itself , the unit being almost new , is not very responsive and it often requires pressing the `` a '' or `` e '' -LRB- of all -RRB- buttons numerous times before it is entered on the screen when in search mode . Very frustrating.That 's it
 I tried it once at home -LRB- in the U.S. -RRB- , but it never found the satellites . I never had a chance to use it in Europe because the AC charger I ordered for the GPS unit through amazon.com did not arrive in time -- before I left for Europe . I planned to use the GPS with the City Navigator microSD card for walking tours -LRB- in the Pedestrian Mode -RRB- . The card was of no use to me because the charger was delivered to my home while I was already in Europe.I am trying to return it for a full refund .
 I was just n Europe and thought this would get us around all the side streets . Unfortunately the garmin would n't pick up a satillite at all ! So , it was useless . I would have returned it when I got home , but someone stole it all .
 I own a Nuvi 200 and bought the Europe map for a trip to Portugal . The map was there and complete but I could never get my Nuvi to locate a satellite so I could use the maps . It was far easier for me to get a local tourist map than try and manually use my Nuvi . Sorry I spent the money ...
 Got my Micro Sd with the maps couple of days back . Garmin is already selling a 2011.4 version , while Amazon had sent me a 2010.0 one.Customer service is handling it and I am waiting for reply - buy it is a hassle!Note
 I bought this item based on the fact this it works with my nuvi 350 NA , as it states it support nuvi 300 series , but it does not ! The device start loading maps and then stops loading without any errors , and the map is not loaded.Garmin support was useless , they had no clue why it is not working . . i then checked with my brother 's Garmin which is newer , and the map works fine , so I knew the card is ok.Apparently it does not work with old devices as advertised .
 I bougth this item in spite of some marginal to bad reviews by other buyers and I regretted it . The previous reviews , saying it did n't play well with Nuvi660 , were mostly correct . It took forever -LRB- ok 8 to 10 minutes -RRB- to load the maps and it was n't very current with the roads in Spain , which were recently re-numbered . We were continually wondering whether we were on the correct road , which we usually were , but the numbers were wrong . It also miscounted several roundabout exits and had us going off on the wrong road , causing a lot of backtracking . All-in-all not a very representative product of what I expect from Garmin .
 I ordered the Garmin SD card for Europe which included Ireland . I was shipped a card for Brazil . You overnighted me a replacement which got to me the day before I left for Ireland . When i picked up my rental car at the airport I tried setting up the GPS but it would n't recognize the software . I had the employee with the rental agency try it as they rent Garmins but he could n't get it to work . When I was in another city I saw a electronics store that sold Garmin GPS . I left it with them and after 3 hours of trying , they could n't get it to work either.Ireland 's road system is difficult and we thought that the GPS would be a huge help but ended up struggling with road maps.I would like to return the purchase to Amazon for a refund . Your service in sending a replacement was terrific but unfortunately did n't solve the problem . My unit is a GPS Nuvi 660 and this was supposed to be the correct chip.Please advise.Thanks , Ed Russell
 I got ripped off . You see although this map is fine it costs too much to be reasonable when you consider you can buy a gps with this all in for about the same money .
 I purchased this card for my trip to Europe only to find that it was inaccurate and did not work with the nuvi 500 . total waste of money and could not get a refund because we did not come home for 2 months . You will get lost in Europe with this card .
 Although the product description states that this map is compatible with Nuvi series 300 , it is not as presented on the SD card . Older model Nuvi -LRB- Garmin support says series 200 an 300 for sure -RRB- can not handle map files larger than 2 Gigabyte in size . The newer European maps are just over that limit . You can get the maps on DVD or download them from Garmin , then you install them via the computer using MapInstall or MapSource software to break the file up into smaller pieces . However , with the SD maps , you CAN NOT do this . Returned for full refund from Amazon . I will be relying on a smart phone for navigation from now on .
 I just returned from a trip to Italy . I purchased 4 Garmin City Maps for the cities that I would be visiting . Since we were planning on a lot of walking I thought the city maps would be great for finding attractions and finding my way back to the B&B ; 's that we were staying in . What a waste of money . Very poor satellite reception if any at all . The GPS battery would go down so fast that if you were out over an hour it was useless . The directions were absolutely useless as a pedestrian because the GPS told me that it was only accurate up to 60-80 feet . When you are walking the streets of an Italian city you better be a little more accurate than 60-80 feet because you can be on three or four different streets in that distance . Garmin should be ashamed to sell theseEuropean Metropolitan Maps .
 I 'm unable to change this review to a 5 . I am changing what I previously wrote.I had stated not to buy it because it would n't play and originally rated as 1 . I called the phone number for the manufacturer that was on the order form in the enclosed booklet . Within 10 minutes they had told me the file to change and the game started right up.Reel Deal Slots Vol II is terrific . If you like slots you should like this . It 's got 40 different slot machines and 5 video poker games . The graphics , the bonus screens , and the variety is great . The bonus screen for ` grave robbers ' lets you pick which tombstone you want . Out of 7 stones
 After I bought this product I had a question for the seller . I was told that the product really was an old cleaning product for Macintosh . However the seller readily agreed to take it back and return my money if i was n't satisfied .
 I bought the program three months ago and the company has n't responded to our emails or telephone inquiries . Very , very poor customer service . The software does n't work and the company refuses to respond or replace the item . Due to software glitches , we can not use the program . Definitely a waste of money and no assistance to my daughter .
 I bought this program two months before my scheduled SAT test date in May . At first , it worked pretty good . The intros were a little annoying , and the jokes were hardly funny , but I think it helped me learn more about the SAT and the program was customized to focus on my difficulties.HOWEVER , there is a big catch to this program , and I suggest all of you potential buyers take a close look at the fine print . THIS PROGRAM DOES NOT SUPPORT WINDOWS XP HOME EDITION . I am not quite sure about the professional edition , but it certainly does not work for my home edition of XP . I even checked the Kaplan website to see if it was XP compatible , and it said `` Windows 95 or higher , '' so I figured it was okay . Well , after I was finished with the program and I already took my SAT , I uninstalled the program . BIG MISTAKE ! Since then , I have not been able to run the program successfully . I even used the Program Compatibility Wizard to try to run the program in Windows 95 , Windows Me/98 , and Windows 2000 , but it STILL did not work . I further called Kaplan support and they suggested the same thing and basically told me that it was too bad . BUYERS BEWARE ! Support is terrible , and I believe this is one of the most important things in buying a software program . Especially a reference tool . I am sure Kaplan had very good intentions , but they obviously have n't considered us new XP users . There is no patch to fix this problem . Please reconsider , and search for a reference program that is certified to work with Windows XP .
 Poor customer service -- no response to my son 's Email after 2 weeks , and phone hold time over 20 minutes -- resulting in no help . The SAT program crashed 3 different computers upon attempt at installation , so we ca n't find out if the program is good or not . Our time is more valuable than this . The ACT program disk seems to work fine , but that was not our primary interest . What can I say . This kind of thing is unacceptable in a computer program disk these days .
 Words ca n't express my hate for this program . Intros that you ca n't escape -LRB- especially when you do n't have the time to listen to those dumb people -RRB- games that have no relevance with SAT matching and such , rather it is a test of your hand-eye coordination and clicking skills . It really is designed for little children . Slow menus , goofy games , makes this product a 1 star . Just because you get 5 in 1 does n't mean that quantity overtakes quality .
 When I bought this program I wanted software that would allow me to comfortabley study for the SAT . When I installed it onto my computer I found a program that seems to target the elementry school age child . I started resenting opening the program to study because of the childlike program . I was hopeing for something more `` adult '' . Something meant for me . Someone who wants to go to college .
 I 'm a contractor now -LRB- read
 This package is really disappointing . The math programs are dismal . You click on buttons just to view a page from a math book . The Internet has interactive math websites that are far better . Unfortunately , I had to find that out after I spent my money . The earth and life sciences CD 's are not too bad , but again the Internet has much to offer on these subjects for free . The history CD is a joke . The caveat here is to avoid buying these package deals and look for individual products .
 I Tutor at a boys school and have used most of Encore 's Products.Math is taught interactively so nothing but a complex program could do it ... and they -LRB- there 's 2 or 3 -RRB- cost thousands and are for schools.Where can you go ? ... . If you pretty much know what you are doing and need to drill there is value in the MOST RECENT edition of THE PRINCETON REVIEW 's `` MATH LIBRARY `` To get value out of it , however you need to religiously use the `` teach step-by step '' mode which is activated ny a button at the bottom of the problem ... Then Princeton walks you through each step in the problem.The present product , by Encore is nothing but a textbook screened on a PC ... if you get a problem wrong they do n't even tell you why.Try Princeton or Boxer Math 's new untried product.Also CAUTION ... Comptons Math are the same as Encore ... -LRB- maybe that 's where the name came from ... `` encore '' ?
 I am a sophmore college student who bought this software thinking it would give me a little help with home study . As soon as I started the program I could n't find certain topics that were in my algebra book . The topics the software had were only summaries . This software should claim `` along with pre-algebra , there is a brief introduction to algebra , pre-cal , calculus and trig . '' You would only know it was a short intro if you were or had already taken these classes . Otherwise you would n't know what you missing.Don ' t be fooled . Know going into this you will not get much out of it .
 I 'm running Windows XP with 1GB of RAM . When I try to run the product I get an error message that says , '' `` This program requires at least 3MB of free virtual memory to run . '' I can forgive mistakes made by software companies ; however , I expect good support and fixes available ASAP . This is not the case . Companies that do n't buck up on support or fix their bugs do n't deserver your hard-earned dollars . Buy another math product from another company .
 I bought both Math and Science for my kids . As a masters educated professional I found Science to be extremely poor and Math only slightly beter . Do n't even bother for college level courses . If you need help , talk to your teacher . He or she is in a much better position to point you toward resources that are best suited for you .
 This course should be avoided at all costs . It is basically a math course book -LRB- with some omissions -RRB- being narrated on the computer screen by an annoying voice.There are some small sections of the course with useful information . The algebra and geometry units were not completely awful . Trig fluctuated between inadequate and awful , and the treatment of trigonometric equations would be more at home in a Monty Python sketch than a math course.The examples range from the pitifully easy to the ridiculously difficult , in no apparent order . The test questions , supposedly there to assess understanding and provide practice for using the techniques learned , do neither , since no explanation is given when a question is answered incorrectly as to what was done wrong.The end of unit tests and the test questions throughout the course sometimes make huge leaps of logic , and some of the explanations , particularly in the calculus module , have to be seen to be believed.If you are a student or adult learner with any apprehensions about learning math , run far and fast from this . If you have no apprehensions about mathematics , you are still wasting your money . If you are looking for a box to keep pencils in and seven or eight CD sized coasters for your coffee mugs , there are cheaper bad programs you can find out there.In short , this is a pedagogical disaster area .
 The product was shipped in a timely manner . It was exactly what it was advertised as ... old version . Within a few weeks , I replaced with the newer version even though I have an older computer .
 If you like templates that look like they were designed by kindergarten kids , this is the software for you . If you think you will find useful business items in this , you will be disappointed . They all look like cartoon work to me . If you are a grade school teacher , you might find it great for making funny looking awards and signs . If you run a business you will find you wasted your money . Professional edition ? I wonder what the amateur edition looks like ??
 This product is an absolute piece of junk . Do not buy this product . Will not even load properly onto computer . Have wasted several hours trying to install product on windows XP platform with no success . I have wasted a whole day trying to install this piece of junk on my computer , now I will probably waste another day trying to return this bunch of garbage to the vendor .
 I ordered the Multimedia Studio but received the Activity Studio . I thought the activity studio was nice , but it was n't what I wanted . Now I am afraid to reorder the multi-media , fearing the same thing will happen-especially , since I was not the only one this happened to .
 Now , do n't get me wrong ... I 'm a fan of Lord of the Rings and immensely enjoy the world . I like being able to play as the characters and act out the events of the story . However , this game is not the means to do so . Technical problems just kill any enjoyment that could possibly come from it : * camera changes on you to the point where sometimes you ca n't see what you 're doing or which way you 're facing * hitting movement combos is nearly impossible -LRB- on either keyboard or gamepad -RRB- because the only way you can survive is to hit the attack button as quickly as possible and hope you 're looking at your enemy and not batting air . * do n't even get me started on ranged weapon targeting ... * watching long movie sequences that you ca n't skip is fun at first ... but gets annoying really quickly.Overall , if you can borrow this game from someone and give it a try first , go for it . It 's not inherently bad . Movie fragments are fun , and so are the interviews with cast members . But I would recommend staying away from actually buying this game . Get yourself an extended version of DVDs instead .
 I was severely disappointed in this product . Contrary to it 's billing it is almost entirely useless for planning hikes . It has essentially _ no _ trail info & the route planning is clumsy to the point of being unusable . There is a tremendous amount of data here that is packaged and marketed in about the least useful way possible .
 I bought an earlier version of Topo on DVD . I was satisfied with it but then I upgraded to Windows XP and my DVD will no longer work . Delorme does n't support the older version and suggests I buy a new one at full price . They did n't offer a lower cost upgrade . So beware if you buy this software . It may not work with Microsoft 's next OS upgrade !
 I purchased Topo USA 3 and was very disappointed with the maps and the features . Delorme does not use maps that are even close to USGS topos . I would not recommend any of their mapping products . For the best in real USGS maps get MapTech 's Terrain Navigator . It does all the things Delorme products do and it uses REAL USGS 1:24000 Topos .
 If you are interested in seeing 3D renditions of terrain then this has something to offer . The problem comes when you want to try and navigate the wilderness in any way . The trails , while routable , are extremely far from comlpete , and Mapquest is much better at creating street routes . Also , the interface gives you the option to make certain points of interest visible , but the program will NOT show them no matter what . You can search for specific campgrounds , and most can be found , but none are visible . This is true of many POIs . They are there in the database but can not be seen . I talked to Delorme about this , they said `` TopoUSA is for terrain and not POIs , that is what Street Atlas USA is for . '' If a program is billed as `` Great for Camping ... '' , and it has the campground information then it should display it!Because of the lack of secondary trials and useful POIs this program is hard to bill as more than an expensive toy to look at terrain in 3D . While it rounds many formations that are rather sharp , it is pretty decent at 3D . Otherwise it is fairly useless .
 Do n't buy this product if you want the 3D feature ! It simply does not work , and tech support has been awful/non-existent . I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this ...
 I purchased this direcly from Delorme based on the information on their website . While the software promises a lot , it does n't really deliver . As a side note , I have the version with the whole country on 1 DVD , instead of a group of CD-ROMs . I believe , though , that the dataset is the same between the two products.First , this program is difficult and confusing to use . I have used a number of mapping products for many years - including ones that do similar things to the Delorme product , and all of them were easier to figure out than this one . As another reviewer here has said , it feels like a version 1 release , as opposed to something that has gone through a number of revisions.The second , and much more significant problem for me - is that it is very innacurate . Now , I certainly ca n't speak for the whole country , but in trying to plan a number of outdoor activities here in the San Francisco Bay Area , I found dozens of innacuraces , especially in the placement of roads . Now how does that matter - you may ask - when planning hiking and other outdoor activities . Well , some of the road locations are off by a significant amount -LRB- for example the map has a road on the North side of a hill , when it is actually on the South side of the hill -RRB- , and a number of the smaller roads are n't even on the map at all . It seems clear that they used some sort of automated procedure to put the road layer into the software , because in many places that I 've looked closely , the roads do n't even connect to each other , or they connect in a way that is obviously wrong to any person that looked at it -LRB- groups of dead-end roads connecting only ot each other , roads branching off in bizarre ways , etc. -RRB- . And that leads the the problem . One of the features that I was keen on using this software for was to create routes on my desktop and then download them to my handheld GPS as navigation tools for my hike . Well , if the roads are in the wrong places , and the trails do n't connect properly to them - the routes either wo n't be accurate , or ca n't be created at all . That 's a real problem for me.While it 's pretty easy for me to look at a map and figure out that the roads are incorrect , it leads me to question whether any of the data in the program is correct - which is of course a much larger issue if your using the software for anything beyond ` just for fun . ' I certainly would n't trust it to produce GPS routes and have those as my only means of navigation.So , clean up the interface -LRB- important -RRB- , and clean up the data -LRB- very important -RRB- , and you 'd have a great product . Version 4 just does n't cut it .
 This review may only help those of you with a GPS , or perhaps those of you with a long history with Windows . I own a Garmin eTrex GPS and was looking for a topo basemap for it rather than the default basic basemap that comes with it . I bought Topo USA because it claimed all sorts of GPS functionality and it covered the entire country . I also liked being able to use the 3D to visualize environments.It turns out that I 've been very frustrated with this product , but still had some fun along the way . Topo USA does not have base maps , but will supposedly transfer waypoints , routes , and tracks . I created a trail in Topo USA , -LRB- then had to fight the software by exporting the trail as a text file , then reimporting it as a draw file before I could send it to my GPS because Topo USA will not allow you to send a ` trail ' to your GPS -RRB- sent it to my GPS -LRB- it said it was successful -RRB- then did n't see it in waypoints , tracks , routes , or on the map in my GPS ! I still do n't know where it went after trying it about 5 times . This could be my due to my own ignorance , but if so , some hints from the software on where to find stuff would be useful.This software has some cool features , is fun for navigating around in 3D , and allows you to print maps with your custom trails or little icons if you 're willing to search through the interface for the tools you need . The interface , however , is what I would expect from a 1.0 version of software . By version 4.0 , things should be much cleaner with more intuitive behavior and simpler to use tools .
 If you are a hiker or backpacker you will be putting you life at risk with this product . They sell this as TOPO 's but they are missing a ton of important information you will need for hiking . I compared the DeLorme topos to several USGS topos that I have from trips I took last year and oh man what a mess . The program is neat and very impressive , but you may get lost . : -LRB- I am going to be working on a refund .
 Initially I thought this was some great software , but once I started trying to do more advanced things I quickly saw the limitations of this software . Like another reviewer said , the routing is almost unusable . I guess if you are n't a hiker you might like this software . I should have gone with my gut feeling and bought Maptech .
 I strongly discourage purchasing this product because -LRB- 1 -RRB- the software is poorly and simplistically designed and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the content is a lazy assembly of stuff that does not promote learning . I ran the software on a 1.6 Ghz machine with 60 GB harddrive , so the performance issue clearly was not on my side . As far as the simplistic design , in the multiple choice select-a-picture section , for example , the answer would be in the same quadrant for a series of questions . This issue persisted throughout , leading to a lazy learning/teaching experience . Continuing with the shortcuts taken by this manufacturer , the photos designed to promote Italian language learning were not of Italian subjects . What a crime to charge $ 165 for this software !
 documents to go compresses my power point slides to the level where the graphics and text are literally unreadable . space on my memory stick is not tight so I would rather have the raw data , but i found no way to change this . a 15 meg document is compressed down to 580k , of course the quality is terrible .
 I tried the demo v. 6.005 on my Treo 600 . Very impressive for the most part , but unlike the free bundled viewer it crashed very badly on an e-mailed native Word doc attachment . I actually had to do a hard reset and reinstall all my apps and data from scratch . This is a very impressive piece of software , but hard crashes like these -LRB- which I subsequently re-tested and found repeatable -RRB- are n't really acceptable . Verdict
 I carefully read the box before purchase to be sure my system met the specs . Did a custom install . Even though I told it to install on drive F
 My experience was similar to that of topher666 . On a brand new laptop , on which the OEM DVD player ran fine , this software ran extremely slowly with no sound . Tech support was of no help . After filling out a long form on the gocyberlink website , they do not even respond directly to you . You have to login into your account to check if a response has been posted . This is anyway just a form response , to reinstall the program after first editing your registry -LRB- something most people are rightfully reluctant to do -RRB- to complete the uninstall . The form has to be filled out all over again for each follow-up . I gave up after three weeks of fruitless exchanges , after having sent at their request several diagnostic files , with not a single constructive suggestion .
 This stuff is not worth it . I ca n't use it to watch copyrighted DVDs , and tech support is less than useless . I 've had similar experiences to topher66 and Recif . If you do a google search on the error number -LRB- F4941436 -RRB- you 'll find lots of people have the same problem . Would n't it be nice if they just fixed the problem ?
 The manufacturer says this is for `` beginners of all ages '' but the case says `` ages 7 and up . '' It is definitely not for total beginners . The games require that you already know how to read music to some extent . This would be good for kids who are already taking music lessons , but it is n't going to teach music to a kid who does n't know it yet . In my case I will have to put this game aside for several years because my 4 year old son can not play the game at this point .
 This game is great for teaching notes and chords , but once the download is complete , it is impossible to open and play the game . It takes longer to figure out how you wound up getting it open than is worth the aggravation.Music Games -LRB- Jewel Case -RRB-
 This CD sucks !!!!!!! This is the worst money I ever spent . The games are overly simple and very short with no replay value at all . This cd is a real rip-off !!!!!!
 I installed this program on my computer yesterday . The first day it seemed okay . I still got pop-ups but I figured I had to do the whole reboot thing . Today I logged onto my computer and couldnt access the internet . Tried to open the program but it wouldnt open at all . The book refers to tech support at a website but I couldnt access the Internet.If you want phone help its $ 9.95 . The one positive thing I can say is that the websurfing - for the day I had it was anonymous . Only seemed to slow down a little bit when using it .
 Got some spyware on my cpu so a retailer suggested this product as it advertises right on the box
 The GameDrive component is fantastic . It can create virtual CDs of all my games -LRB- Halo , Medal of Honor , Need 4 Speed UG2 , and older games -RRB- , so that I do n't have to keep inserting the original to play games and run the risk of scratching them . It also makes my truly games portable on my notebook.However the rest of Virtual Drive , especially the CD and DVD burner components simply do n't work . The DVD burner does n't close any sessions -LRB- I can close them aftwards using Nero on the same h/w -RRB- and instant burning just does n't work at all.Worst of all Farstone 's support is lousy . After promising a response within 2 days , I 've had no response in nearly a week . I 've submitted 4 bugs so far , all relating to basic functionality that does n't work at all .
 Had n't updated my greeting card software in a few years so was looking forward to this updated Hallmark version . As an owner of previous Hallmark , CreataCard , Print Shop and Printmaster software , I expected this newest version to be as good or maybe even incrementally better . It was n't . Rather , just the opposite.Very limited card selection sentiments -LRB- i.e. no risque humor -RRB- , pale and washed out graphics , no business card functionality , awkward maneuvering and limited editing flexibility during creation are some of the many reasons for rating this product poor . It was returned to the manufacturer for a full refund.Of all my previous print/card software products and versions , Hallmark was always my least favorite but I still kept them . Not this time.I 'm about to try Nova Technology 's Card Factory 2 . Checked some reviews -- looked decent . Will keep you posted .
 Upgraded from the earlier version of Hallmark Card Studio . Noticed right away that the nice graphic telling you how to flip the paper over to make a 2-sided card was much smaller and much more difficult to see how I should flip the paper to the correct orientation , but I did n't let that deter me.Graphics are nice , and you get a reasonable selection , but once you narrow your search down , it is n't that impressive of a selection anymore , and really did n't add that many more cards from the last version . You will eventually run into problems printing particular cards for which Sierra has posted fixes . However ... After some update -LRB- need to keep Windows updated after all -RRB- , I can no longer print any cards . Sierra takes forever to fix their bugs or to help you out . Might be tempted to blame the Windows update ... but if that were true , all my programs would be broken , not just this one . Truth be told , Sierra does n't do a particularly good job of programming or support ...
 Upgraded from the earlier version of Hallmark Card Studio . Noticed right away that the nice graphic telling you how to flip the paper over to make a 2-sided card was much smaller and much more difficult to see how I should flip the paper to the correct orientation , but I did n't let that deter me.Graphics are nice , and you get a reasonable selection , but once you narrow your search down , it is n't that impressive of a selection anymore , and really did n't add that many more cards from the last version . You will eventually run into problems printing particular cards for which Sierra has posted fixes . However ... After some update -LRB- need to keep Windows updated after all -RRB- , I can no longer print any cards . Sierra takes forever to fix their bugs or to help you out . Might be tempted to blame the Windows update ... but if that were true , all my programs would be broken , not just this one . Truth be told , Sierra does n't do a particularly good job of programming or support ...
 Purchases first CD several months ago . Quit opening after a little while . Traded at retailer for another . Same problem . Have not been able to open `` Hallmark Card Studio 2003 '' portion of program but other parts were ok . Now Dialog states program needs 800x600 - and more than 256 colors.Have these but problem still exists.Have plenty of space.New Dell System . As of this date,03-27-03 , ca n't download any of programs . in color . Each time I try to re-install programs . . an error dialog pops up advising me to report this to Microsoft.Have American Greeting Cards programs and all perform perfectly .
 When I first discovered Hallmark Card Studio -LRB- CardStudio2 deluxe -RRB- I was elated to have found a user friendly card program with so many options to personalize for just about any card giving need.I was so impressed with the program , that as quickly as Card Studio 2003 hit the shelves , I purchased it . I loaded it onto my computer and sat back to be amazed at all the new `` stuff '' that I believed would have been added . I was so disappointed . For starters , the entire format has been changed . There were fewer cards to pick from and apparently , users of this program have no reason to send a get well card , because that entire catagory does n't even exist on this program ! Basically , this program is a smaller `` updated '' version of Card Studio Deluxe 2 , because there were fewer cards and many repeats from my previous version . My advice ... if you have an earlier version of Hallmark Card Studio . Keep it . Do not think UPGRADE . You 'll be disappointed , as well .
 Way to limited in the card selections , ok for my husband as you can pick `` blah blah blah '' cards . I was looking for more fun or exciting cards or designs so , I was a little disappointed especailly coming from Hallmark .
 I upgraded from Card Studio Deluxe to 2003 Deluxe for the address book . I do alot of mail merge but when you print lables or envelopes it prints the last name twice instead of Mr. & Mrs. -LRB- last name -RRB- . Going to Sierra support I found many people with the same problem . Sierra says there is no fix and is refunding my money . There are also less options for lable sizes and , when printing envelopes , it prints in the same place no matter how you put the settings . Also , I can not cut or delete the Hallmark graphics on the back of the cards.I 'm very dissapointed with this product and Hallmark for selling this program with a known flaw and no patch .
 Hallmark thought they had improved this product - but they did n't - I own 3 Hallmark Card Studio 's and this one is the worst - there are so many things I could do with Hallmark Card Studio 3 Delux that I ca n't do with this one . I am very disappointed .
 It 's hard to imagine how fast this product has gone down hill from the previous versions . You ca n't get rid of the logos on the back page without having to almost start the card from scratch , the links on the help panels go to dead pages , when you do track down what is left of the support site for Sierra , there is nothing in the knowledge base for this edition , and clicking on the link for additional customer support gets yet another dead web page . This edition is extremely disappointing . I wo n't buy another until this restrition is removed .
 This software has such great potential . It makes cards so easily whether it 's one of their cards or one made from scratch . I made a beautiful card using a digital picture of my kids . It turned out great . Everything is very easy to use . The problem with it is that things started being missing that I knew were there such as a whole slew of thank you cards , bon voyage cards , envelopes , etc. . I ca n't find them anywhere . So , I uninstalled the software , then reinstalled and voila - there was everything I knew was missing . I was so excited . But then after returning from the Event Planner it was all gone again . I am very sad to say that I am returning this software . The tech support is horrible . They have no idea how to help . All they tell me is to go to the forums and post my problems and hope that other customers can help me . It 's the worst customer service I 've ever experienced . My dad and sister have an earlier version and have had no problems . Hope I can get my hands on one . I had such high hopes for this software .
 I have the Hallmark Greetings 2000 , put out by Microsoft , & have enjoyed using it , so I purchased this newer version , thinking it would be even better than the old version . WRONG ! This newer version is put out by Sierra , & they usually put out quality software . But , I soon found that I had much more flexibility with the older version than with this one , & I had more choices with making personal variations -LRB- resizing the card or artwork on it ; adding my own clip art on the card ; & saving the cards to my desktop folder . -RRB- The newer version seems clumsier & creating a customized greeting card with this newer software is more frustrating , too . Do n't waste your money .
 Granted , I 've had this HALLMARK/Sierra CARD STUDIO 2003 loaded on my PC for a few years , HOWEVER when I went to reinstall the Studio the program now hangs on `` setup '' and the MS InstallShield -LRB- R -RRB- Wizard never starts . The `` Events Calendar '' loads but not the Card Studio . Why should I have to buy Hallmark 's 2009 Studio when the 2003 was doing what I needed ? HALLMARK SELLS UNSUPPORTED GARBAGE . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS CARD STUDIO .
 I BOUGHT CARD STUDIO DELUXE NEW . LOADED IT , 3 DISCS A VERY LENGTHY BUSINESS -LRB- I HAVE A PENTIUM III 450 MG WITH 374MB OF RAM -RRB- IN USE THE PROGRAM WAS VERY SLOW AND WHEN A CARD WAS EVENTUALLY MADE AND SENT TO THE PRINTER THE PROGRAM CAUSED MY COMPUTER TO CRASH HALFWAY THROUGHT THE PRINTING CYCLE -LRB- I HAD TO REBOOT -RRB- WHEN I RECOVERED THE HALF PRINTED DOCUMENT THE PROGRAM HAD MISSED OUT PART OF WHAT I HAD PREPARED , EVEN THOUGH IT HAD BEEN SHOWN ON THE SCREEN.I AM SENDING IT BACK FORTHWITHI HAVE THE ORIGINAL CARD STUDIO FROM MICROFAGX WHICH I HAVE USED FOR MANY YEARS , IT IS A SUPERB PROGRAM BUT SADLY IT IS REJECTED BY MICROSOFT XP TO WHICH I HAVE MOVED.CLIFF CHATTERTON
 I had sierra hallmark 2.0 and it worked great . This program will not print correctly on any of my printers . Technical support was terrible . Sending it back .
 I just opened the Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe and I 'm confused because the CD case has slots for 4 CD 's , but there were only 3 inside . Upon looking EVERYWHERE - on the box , in the manual , on the case - I could NOT find how many CD 's should be included ! What if I 'm in the middle of creating and it asks for CD # 4 ? I 'll be out of luck and wo n't be able to return it . Also , I 'm disappointed with the `` Hallmark Paper Pack '' -- It 's just a small amount of blank cards , and not even ones that are that attractive . I expected a sampling of stickers , certificates and paper . So far , I 'm really disappointed .
 This software has such great potential . It makes cards so easily whether it 's one of their cards or one made from scratch . I made a beautiful card using a digital picture of my kids . It turned out great . Everything is very easy to use . The problem with it is that things started being missing that I knew were there such as a whole slew of thank you cards , bon voyage cards , envelopes , etc. . I ca n't find them anywhere . So , I uninstalled the software , then reinstalled and voila - there was everything I knew was missing . I was so excited . But then after returning from the Event Planner it was all gone again . I am very sad to say that I am returning this software . The tech support is horrible . They have no idea how to help . All they tell me is to go to the forums and post my problems and hope that other customers can help me . It 's the worst customer service I 've ever experienced . My dad and sister have an earlier version and have had no problems . Hope I can get my hands on one . I had such high hopes for this software .
 I 've owned ALL of the past Card Studio products and each time a new one comes out I purchase it to get a little variety in my cards/invitations . This time , things are completely revamped from the other versions which is n't necessarily a bad thing . There 's more flexibility in what you can do , although some things still need a little bit of work.The one thing that takes this from a 4-5 star package all the way down to a 2 for me is the fact that you CAN NOT get rid of the Hallmark and Card Studio logo 's on the back of the cards you make . This makes the back of your cards COMPLETELY useless . The logos are large and you can not cover them with anything but a black box . Placing any box or graphic on them means they will be moved in front of the graphic you are placing . I do n't know about you , but I often use the back of the cards for something especially when I make invitations where I will place a map to a party on the back.Bottom line , its a great program if you can live with someone else 's advertisment on all of your publications . If not , then look for an old copy or another program .
 I bought this software thinking I could do so much with it , but I ca n't . I wanted to make a card for a 30th birthday party I was attending and it had every milestone but the 30th . I tried to change the number from one card and it 's not possible . I also tried to make labels for envelopes but you can only make labels using Hallmark brand labels . I 'm looking for something a litte more flexible .
 If you already had Hallmark Card Studio 2 ... you do not need the 2003 version ... not much has been added . PLUS you can not get rid of the icons on the back of your card that you want to create.I thought I was doing something wrong and wrote to the help division . The 2003 version has permanent icons . You can not create your own card . No more Hallmark for me !
 I bought this soft on the illusion that it was a big advance from previous greeting soft as it said it has more that 3000 cards and 10.000 sentiments ... well , I am more than disappointed with it.I had the 98 basic version that came with my pc and this is just as complete ... you know how many uncle birthday cards there are ? 5 ; and this is supposed to be a lot of cards to choose from?grandpa birthday card only 14 ... I would like to know where the 3000 cards to choose from are.In addition to that , the options on the style of card are also very limited . There are only cartoonish drawings , having been stripped of all the previous more elaborated graphics that are handy when you want to send a little more formal card.A lot of cards come with the text that you ca n't change or as they call it default.This is very annoying if you want to personalize it or in my case put it in another language to family who does not speak english.Finally the back of the card has the hallmark logo that you ca n't get rid of.In conclusion if you have any other soft that does greetings for you do n't bother ; you wo n't get your money 's worth .
 I have just purchased Hallmark Card Studio and I am not impressed with it . I originally ordered the Hallmark Delux one and was sent what I think very basic package . I would still like to purchase the original order .
 The screens for setting up print options are very confusing . I never was able to successfully print out a card.What a waste of money !
 I was expecting an availibity of calendars , cards that you could insert your own pictures in ... I have n't found any of that . I think it 's a cheap replication of Microsoft 's `` Greeting '' production that I wish I had bought .
 On Hallmaark Card Studio 3 . I did not get a Disk 3 . so I 'm not able to use it Jdnixon @ ccp . comJack D. Nixon604 N. 6th St. Apt 4Tarkio Mo. 64491
 My group at my company have all purchased Retrospect and we use it to backup our data onto external harddrives . Everything seems to work fine , but when it comes time that your hard drive breaks ? Guess what 2 out of the 3 people lost all of there data . Luckily I made a mirror image of the harddrive , which worked , but all of their software that tries to restore the old harddrive onto the new hardware DOES NOT WORK . I had to MANUALLY copy the files that I needed onto the new harddrive . I searched the web for new software , problems or updates but found nothing . Everytime I tried to restore the image of my old harddrive to the new harddrive , it failed with an obscure error message . I had to reinstall Windows XP and all of my other programs on the harddrive I had to manually install . Overall it was about a 2 week process of down time before my laptop was up and working again.My other co-worker had his hard-drive go down and because he used an older version of retrospect -LRB- which was installed on the old harddrive -RRB- he could not use the newer version of the software to restore his image . Who makes non-compatible versions of backup data bases ? Retrospect should at least address this issue . Anyway , he lost all of his old harddrive.In my opinion Retrospect is not tested , does not work on all systems , and/or gives you the false sense of security that you have truly backed up data.If you already have install this software , I would recommend that you test it to make sure your files are really backed up by removing your harddrive , and see if you can get all of your data back .
 We have used EMC Retrospect for about a year , having switched from Backup Exec to save some money . I have regretted the decision ever since . So far , Retrospect has literally destroyed its backup sets not once , but FOUR times . I have contacted their technical support and was actually told that yes , Retrospect `` randomly corrupts its backup sets '' and catalogs . I tell you , honestly , I was actually given no other option than to blow away and redo my backup sets each time and was advised by another technician to `` create a backup backup set '' of the original , because the total destruction of backup sets is a known issue with EMC Retrospect.DO NOT purchase this software if , like me , your career depends on keeping your companies ' data backed up . I will be moving back to Backup Exec , regardless of cost , and will never look back .
 This software is cryptic and counter-intuitive . When duplicating -LRB- syncronizing -RRB- my server 's data hard drive onto my portable hard drive , I would like to exclude specific folder groups , but this does n't seem to work . I finally resorted to just copying selected data onto the portable drive , then tried to duplicate the server data again after making some changes to files on my server 's drive . This resulted in deletion of the entire contents of my portable hard drive ! This software should have a selection window similar to Windows XP Backup where you can select/unselect specific folders . This was a waste of money . I am an engineer , used to working with various software functions . This type of software should have a simple intuitive interface but it does n't .
 Retrospect is a terrible software application for the ordinary Windows or Mac user . Both versions are complex and difficult to use , and the interfaces are extremely unintuitive . To make matters worse , EMC will want to charge you $ 69 if you need help with this indecipherable mess . I only hope that the Time Machine backup feature that debuts with Mac 's Leopard version of OS X will finally put this product out of business .
 Okay , I was using the previous release of Retrospect . But it was a COMPLETE AND TOTAL FAILURE.I made backups , both `` duplicate '' and `` comprehensive '' . My disk crashed.I went to restore.NOTHING THERE.Knowing this , would you buy another Retrospect product ?
 I too used Retrospect on the Mac and expected great things . I could be wrong , I 'm using Retrospect Express which was bundled along with a nice NAS drive I bought . The drive is quiet , dependable and lovely . Retrospect Express stinketh . I 'm a retired computer professional , and were it not for my expertise I would n't have been able to complete the most basic tasks . Stay far away . Any company which would release Retrospect Express on the public should not be trusted , even with this paid for version . Someone must be making something better .
 I have been a steadfast user of WordPerfect since Version 5.0 . As a journal editor , I receive manuscripts written in Word 2000 or WordPerfect . WordPerfect is the superior work processor in my experience.However , the current `` upgrade '' from WordPerfect 9 to version 10 is n't worth the expenditure . The bugs in WP9 are mostly still there . I have found very little improvement in WP10 with respect to manuscript preparation , graphics , and file management . As one who uses Windows XP , I do n't find WP10 fully compatible . Accessing a WP10 file can turn into a frustrating experience when the system goes into some kind of unresolvable loop , forcing an exit from WP10 . I am also frustrated that the Corel calendar keeps trying to insert itself at system startup , even though I had indicated to the contrary during WP10 installation.I will continue to use WordPerfect , but have decided to drop back to WP 9 . The frustrations are fewer .
 As a steadfast user of Wordperfect for several years , I had hoped to continue this good relationship with the newest version . Instead , I have found frustration and feel that I am better acquainted with the `` recovery wizard '' that any of the `` new and improved '' features of this product . Frustrations abound as the program crashes once , twice , dozens of times as I attempt to go about my daily work . These crashes do not occur as I attempt to utilize the more sophisticated features ; merely attempting to open a file seems to befuddle this flawed program . Is it just me or do others out there feel that the Corel company computers must be filled to bursting with their recovery wizard reports?Good luck with the rebates . I 'm still waiting for my Corel rebate that I mailed in June .
 I 've also used WordPerfect since DOS and like the reveal codes . I 'm a writer and was mainly interested in WordPerfect itself and the PIM , Corel Central . I bought Office 2002 as an upgrade to Office 2000 , which had been installed with my 21/2 year old computer , mainly as I was having crashes and thought it would be more stable.Stupidly I installed it in the middle of a big , important project , thinking I would just spend half an hour customizing the incons on my tool bar . Instead , I have wasted invaluable time . When I go to create an envelope the address book takes over a minute to open ! Not to mention how long and frustrating a process it was to access my info in the first place . Same with the calendar and now when I am printing I can not do anything else with my computer at all ! Before I multi-tasked with impunity.I tried uninstalling the Corel Central following the directions in my manual and then could n't access either address or dates on the eve of an important conference . I messed up my files so much doing that I had to use Go Back to restore my computer to 8 hours earlier . -LRB- Got Go Back with Norton . A great program but it 's essential to back up data first OFF the hard drive as it literally wipes out everything in the time period you choose . -RRB- Unfortunately the longest the Go Back could go back was 8 hours , not the 2 days since I 'd installed WP Office . I finally reinstated the PIM and still hate it . The conference is in 2 days and I 'm afraid to try again.Incidentally , while my computer is not new , it is a Pentium III 500 with 256 mg of RAM , supposedly well above the minimum requirements to run this program . A support tech told me you ca n't run anything else at the same time . Believe me , I never would have bought it if I 'd known that !
 I have been using WordPerfect since the 4.2 DOS version back in the '80s , and have used every version since then . This the first time I have been disappointed in a WordPerfect product , and I did n't think I would ever return a WP product . But , here I am , 2 weeks after installing it and trying to get it to run , and I am doing just that . I have done everything that tech support has suggested , I am running the SP2 that is the latest edition , and it is SLOW to open and even slower to print . When it does print , it generates printing errors . When I finally decided to uninstall the 2002 version , it messed up the registration and serial number info on my version 9 and then caused major problems when I tried to reinstall that version . I had to end up doing a restore of my complete system from a backup I did right before the first WP 2002 install . I am EXTREMELY upset that such a good product has been ruined by this latest version . Corel has enough trouble trying to keep customers from switching to Microsoft products . They do n't need to help them out the door !
 For years I have had a secret relationship with you WP , because something about you kept on bringing me back . Microsoft Word to tell you the truth is easier than WordPerfect , but when it comes to grammar and spell check WordPerfect has better technologies . The thing is MS Office offers more in functionality and flexibility . Seriously though , Corel is selling some dysfunctional applications at an overkill , some software good but too much of a cost for me . The four applications thing just does not work for me . Those Standard editions of Office suites should be scrapped why not have Professional and Premium Editions instead . Another thing , Microsoft has really improved in the grammar and spell check technologies since the release of Office 2000 . So for those people who want to make a decision , I would rather go with MS Office . Quattro Pro I think is one of the worst spreadsheet programs ever created , you have to do too much formatting of cells manually , and it just does not have much flexibility as Excel and integration with other apps from its own suite . Corel Central is the most boring PIM in computer history and most unused , its not that easy to use as Microsoft Outlook , now that application is very amazing when it comes to organizing your life ! Corel Presentations is very good , I give that application an A + , and the sound effects are awesome ! But PowerPoint still has a lot of advantages ! I like WordPerfect Office a lot , but MS Access is easy to use , Paradox is like your actually creating a database with pen and paper . MS Office may cost a little more but better functionality , ease of use , flexibility and integration across all the applications . Corel needs to work on integration across the applications , that 's a major element in ease of use . Microsoft just needs to work on better compatibility with previous versions of their applications e.g. Access and Publisher and that 's also a major element in ease of use . So far , only one application sounds good , Corel Presentation . People want ease of use and that 's what I think software companies should focus more on ! So sorry Corel , MS Office is just the easier way to go . I 'm not bias , if you find the functionality you need in WP do n't pay any attention to me , show proof and speak your points !
 Although it fixes several of the problems from 6.1 , it has 2 major flaws :1 . The file open , save , etc. dialogs take an interminable amount of time to open .2 . For some bizarre reason , Corel dropped the Quicklist feature for the file open , save , etc. dialogs . The option of using the `` favorites '' folder is stupid -- to make it work , I would have to delete all of my IE 5.0 web sites .
 Although WP Office 2002 probably represents a significant upgrade with many new features and added stability , potential users should consider before purchase that WP Office may not be uniformly compatible with Windows 2000 , depending on operating suystem and hardware configuration . After successfuly installing , the WordPerfect component of Office 2002 might not run.Corel is expected to release a patch or solution .
 This is the worst WordPerfect I have ever owned . I have used 5 previous versions of WordPerfect , none of which were as slow or as troublesome as this version . I spent an hour on the phone with a tech rep in Canada , after which the system ran worse than ever . Corel does not have an 800 number so you must foot the bill yourself . I have just ordered Microsoft Office XP and when it arrives , I will un-install WordPerfect 2002 .
 I would like to warn parents and educators of this product . In my opinion , not only was the software poorly designed and difficult to follow ; the content was offensive . For example , when my daughter and I were going through the game together , there was a section where it is necessary to type in the answers to some math facts . It is not clearly presented how you are supposed to even enter the answers , so it took us awhile to figure it all out . The program then answered with a sinister laugh , `` My grandma could answer those better , AND SHE 'S OLD '' . There were several more extremely offensive statements . After turning off the game , my daughter announced that she wanted to blast the math blaster game . I agree .
 I bought this game as a Christmas gift for my twin grandsons , who are three years old and very adept at using a mouse . When we loaded the game , we were shocked to discover that it requires children to navigate using the arrow buttons and space bar , rather than the mouse ! -LRB- Try to explain that to a mouse-savvy three-year old ! -RRB- If this were the game 's only flaw , I could have lived with it , since they eventually would get the hang of keyboard navigation . However , once they started playing the game , I was unable to exit from it . Clicking on the exit button produced no results . When I tried to exit by navigating through the windows menu , rather than shutting down , the game instead continued to run -- in two separate versions -- the audio portion only . We had to remove the CD-rom and crash the computer to exit.Needless to say , this did not make for a joyous Christmas morning ! And since we opened the software , we can not return it to Amazon . -LSB- com -RSB- Save your money for a game that preschoolers can actually play , such as Blues Clues Learning Time !
 I Bought this used threw amazon . It wo n't let me load it up because the previous owner already used the up load number . you can only use it once.So I got ripped . Dont buy anything used !!!
 I 'm glad that everyone else was delighted , but this software was only a mild success at my house . The program can be frustrating in how narrow the acceptable area is to successfully place the many objects George needs to employ to complete his Rube-Goldbergian journeys . If your child is n't already very good with a mouse , this game will prove frustrating . Often the physics just makes no sense . My 4-year-old son could n't understand that the program was asking him to put a trampoline on top of a light pole -- because he knew that would n't work . This from a kid who thinks you can build a working space shuttle out of cardboard boxes . We spent most of our time clicking on the `` hint '' icon that shows you where the props need to be placed and just plopping them down accordingly . Pretty much not the point ! File this under a great idea that should have worked better than it did .
 I bought Installshield express , and I do n't think I have ever had an installer that it built work correctly the first time . There are a variety of what appear to be bugs that sort of pop up and then disappear . Often , simply re-running the program will cause a correct installer to be produced , but this is not exactly the sign of a reliable product.Their phone support is horrendous . I once called them up because I had a customer who was in crisis mode because our installer kept failing . Rather than help me debug the problem with the installer , the phone support guy instead lectured me on why , since the error was not occurring in the installshield software itself , but rather in the resulting installer , that it was not his responsibility to help me . Whatever.I 'm not sure what to recommend . I am trying Wise installation wizard now . In my opinion all of these tools are ridiculously overpriced . I guess this reflects the complicated mess that the supposed smartest people on earth have made of our shared computing environment .
 i am disappointed with this device . I am easily capable of backing up my files , but since the files are too large , I am unable to make a `` restore '' file on a CD .
 The compatibility `` information '' provided on the box and CD is FALSE ADVERTISING , plain and simple . The box and CD state that the program runs under Mac OS X , but what they mean is that it runs under `` classic mode , '' which is really OS 9.2 . If you try to install it while running OS X , the installer crashes.Their email technical support is the worst I have ever experienced . The company farmed it out to a third party , and it is not clear if anyone actually works there . Responses appear to be computer generated , and provide no indication that a person read and understood my questions.Their 800 number support was much better . They quickly told me that the product does not run native under OS X , and provided information for returning the product for a refund -LRB- which I will now do -RRB- .
 Do n't rely on the picture posted ! The box is WRONT - this is another JS Adv K. . . this is NOT what is listed -LRB- and my son wanted -RRB- - had to return and given a bit of a hard time with calling , etc. . Stay away !
 I second the review about this product 's failure . I have Microsoft XP and have had technical problems with this product . I 've yet to hear back from their technical support team regarding this .
 If you loved American Idol , the TV show , chances are you will hate American Idol , the video game.While brightly and attractively packaged to display the now-infamous American Idol logo and artwork , its similarities end there.A seemingly viable extension of the hit television show , the video game disappointedly lacks everything that viewers faithfully tuned in to see last summer on FOX . Logo aside , the television show 's more tangible elements -LRB- i.e. theme song , television personalities -RRB- are absent , leaving fans with a cheap imitation from start to finish.Instead of the cheery `` oh woah , woah '' theme song , players are treated to a cold , anti-climatic loop of something resembling excitement.The video game hosts , a cheesy Ryan Seacrest sound-a-like and a feminine Brian Dunkleman are `` wannabees '' to boot . The judges are mysteriously never shown -LRB- guess they were too busy negotiating their AI2 contracts ! -RRB- as they blindly spit out critiques at highly-predictable intervals.Call me Simon , but I just was n't impressed . In fact , I 'll go so far as to quote the prince of darkness in saying that , I 'm convinced that this is probably the worst show-turned-video game in America , and Ryan Seacrest -LRB- blonde highlights and all -RRB- probably could n't convince me otherwise.Song Choice : Just as Paula says , `` song choice is everything . '' Unfortunately , the video game has little to offer besides an endless list of B-level popstars and their mediocre hits . Bright spots in music selection include Enrique Iglesias ' `` Escape , '' and timeless karaoke favorites such as Gloria Gaynor 's `` I Will Survive '' and the Jackson Five 's `` ABC . '' -LRB- Yes , folks -- that 's as good as it gets ! -RRB- Disturbing as it may seem for karaoke-driven entertainment , many of the featured songs will be unfamiliar to U.S. citizens not in tune with European recording artists whose tracks litter the game 's playlist.Graphics : Graphics , Graphics , Graphics . Crappy , crappy , crappy ! Graphic composition is cliche and offers very limited choices for wardrobe and accessories . While the `` make your own video '' console allows players to experiment with lighting , camera angle and choreography , the end result is inevitably a choppy , out-of-sync character that appears to have convulsions between awkwardly choreographed segments.The game 's only bright spot lies its unique interactive format that allows users to post their performances online at the video game 's website to receive votes from the cyber-viewing public .
 This game was extremely disappointing to me !!! ... # 1 disappointment - song choice . The songs are mostly unknown songs by unknown artists - I had never even heard of half the singers , and the ones I had heard of - had songs that were not released as singles to choose from . Also , they are ALL dance songs , no ballads or anything to actually show off your voice . It 's a little too much game and not enough singing fun .
 the new codemasters game blows this one away but this game is ok too . but these are the bad things about itonly 20 songsnot the real judgesthe ending `` is bad `` you ca n't do any of the audition stuff you start right at the final two which dissapointed me the mostno singing just dancingwhen it says style with thousands of looks do n't get excited because there are not too manywhen it says over 20 hits do n't get excited because there are onlt 21 or 22 songs in this gameI used to think this game was the greatest but now codemasters came out with one this game has hundreds of improvements to make.I would n't reccomend this game to anybody -LRB- unless you collect this stuff -RRB- otherwise get the codemasters one .
 This product DOES NOT give you a realistic design picture . I was really disappointed with the program and can not recommend it . The program WAS NOT EASY to operate and was cumbersome . I feel like I was ripped off of my hard earned money .
 I know how to learn software , but this one had me screaming at my monitor . I ended up sending the maker a very short note , `` I HATE your software ! ''
 i am a teenager who wants this software for the benefit of the dought that i want to become a landscaper the price on this is to much for my taste so i announce that it should be lowered to a fair price of nothing only because we being the customers should have a fair part in this . i should come and download this to my computer in order to full fill my dream in being one . i sugest that you are going to lose customers because of this . i hope you read my reason GOOD BYE ser or mam
 The software itself is not that bad . But what annoys me is that when you install the software , the program takes the liberty to clutter up your PC with advertisements on your PC . This , in my opinion is absolutely SHAMEFUL !! Not only this , but every time you install a different utility , the program re-installs all the advertisements.The software itself , as I said , is not terrible . But by no means is it the best .
 The good : - good software performance - good software garanteeThe Bad : - cumbersome and non-intuitive drawinf tools - no capability for a grid background of any type - no ruler bar or any type of static measure facility - no right-click properties on objects so I did n't find where to set wall height . - incomplete help index i.e. terms used in pop-up messages that are not in the book or help . - 3d view was excessively cumbersome , would 've been nice to have single-click mouse controlI was very disappointed
 This software package is very complete , and appears to have good content . The user interface is very cumbersome , and difficult to work with . The landscape tool set is ackward , and makes the design process difficult . I have been working with it on and off for more than a month , and have yet to achieve good results . I will likely shelve the product and do my design on paper.Just my experience ... . Hope my feedback is useful .
 I was so disappointed . I wanted it for interior design ideas and it can render a 3d of your room but it is cumbersome and hard to figure out . I never have trouble with software but I can not get the hang of this . It also has this lousy landscape program that I can not get working . It completely bombs if you try and use it with Windows 2000 . I could never recommend this software
 Sorting through the various home design offerings here , I found generally weak reviews for every product , but this one had at least a few supporters , so I gave it a shot . Do n't do it ! Horribly cumbersome and tedious to use . Not user-friendly . I have things I ca n't delete ; I want to swap floors around but you ca n't once they 're created . You have to start over from scratch in a new document if you make an error . Absurd not to be able to cut/paste/delete at will in this day and age . Oh , and I could n't orient the plans I did develop to print to fill just one sheet of paper . It insists on printing the entire work area -LRB- most of which is blank -RRB- . Wasted many hours . Have found something better . : -RRB-
 The program is clumsy , and seems to be a rehash for newer operating systems that is still based on the old software core . That 's probably why , despite the incredible graphics capabilities of PC 's sold in the last three years , this thing is slow , slow slow . To do anything but simple tasks is frustrating beyond belief . I found it utterly irritating . You can choose from an existing palette of sinks , cabinets and other items , but customizing them is really not pleasant to do.The good news is that if you fold up the box , you can use it to shim a poorly leveled table . The cd makes a good coaster to protect the finish of the table , but watch for the hole in the center -- condensation can drip through and mar the varnish.Save your bucks , skip this one unless you have a high frustration level and a lot of patience .
 Kit comes with two CD 's -LRB- CD # 1 is `` 3D Home Interiors '' , CD # 2 is `` Garden Problem Solver '' -RRB- and a hefty paperback book entitled `` The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Trouble-Free Home Repair . '' There is no printed material about the software program in the kit . The program is not highly intuitive , so most of us need to print out the 103-page User 's Manual available on CD # 1 before we can begin.I 've been working with the program now for about six hours , and have experienced two -LRB- 2 -RRB- crashes , losing significant data , despite backing up as recommended by the program . My system specs
 I bought this because none of the other more expensive ones had better reviews . I did n't have that much to loose . I made a rough draft of what my `` project '' room looks like and what I hope it will look like . One important thing to me was to see color changes . That feature did n't really work . There were other bugs in it as well . The furniture and accesories were limited , I had to really use my imagination . Although it was a little fun , this software was not very useful to me .
 I was really steamed when I received this . The description does NOT tell you that the patriot CDs are only for sailors and soldiers from Massachusetts ! Since my ancestor was from South Carolina , I would not have wasted my money on this had the description been accurate .
 I purchased the landscape design software recommended on Victory Garden - what a waste of time and money -LRB- Staples will not refund software that has been opened -RRB- . I tried several times to get past the first few basic steps of positioning the house on the lot and after hours of frustration I just gave up and removed the program from my computer . I did n't get anywhere near the `` design '' step . I use a computer 40 + hours a week at work , so I 'm pretty savy , but this program is not user friendly . It focuses way too much on the 3-D glitter and not enough on useful and usable tools for the home landscaper .
 The program has potential with a bit more refining , flexibility and power incorporated into it 's structure . The plant database was a pleasant surprise though realize it would have to be much larger to accomodate all horticultural regions of the U.S. Basically , not a fully `` baked '' tool at this juncture unfortunately there are not many alternatives available .
 The basis of landscape is to fit it to your house . Unfortunately , if you do n't have 3D Home Architech already , you 're hosed in having any chance of devolping anything useful that looks like your house . Buyer beware - you need the suite - and there 's no warning that 3D Home Architect is needed . And once you 've bought this software , you are destined to buy more outdated software to make it useable - so you might as well go for it all with the suite . It has been a long time since I have bought any Broderbund software , and it will be longer yet , as in never !
 This product had potential . It looked pretty easy to figure out and I was finding my way around it with ease , but any time I attempted to use ANY of the tools beyond basic surfaces it froze up and crashed my computer . In a 20 minute period I reopened the software at least 10 times.The only problem I saw with navigating around was finding the right plants . It is not readily apparent how to find specific plants and the names are screwy when you do find them.It 's cheap for a reason ... you get what you pay for .
 I read the reviews , but I was desperate for a landscaping program . You may be ok with a simple , rectangular lot . Most of the plants and trees that I have are not in the plant encylopedia . The program is not user-friendly .
 Do not purchase this software . Unless you have already designed a house using 3D Home Architect -LRB- a wasted process if you already live in a house -RRB- , then you should be able to add landscape design with this product . If you want to add landscape design to the house you already own , using this as a piece of stand-alone software , simply do not waste your time . - This is really a companion product to 3D Home Architect , it does not stand alone well . - I 'll bet you are looking for a product in which you can 1 . Draw your lot -LRB- fairly straight forward with this product -RRB- , and then 2 . Add the house you live in -LRB- forget it , you can only pull from a library of houses , or import the house you designed in 3D Home Architect -RRB- ; then 3 , add landscaping -LRB- perhaps that 's doable , but with effort -RRB- . - Forget using the Tutorial . It is on-line and a fairly robust product , however , the tutorial is not for this product , it is for 3D Home Architect . You have to wade though pages of stuff that does not apply to what you want to do , then the portion dealing with Home Landscape is weak at best . - The documentation is impressive , IF you purchased 3D Home Architect . Out of a 396 page book , 3D Home Landscape is not treated until page 259 . Then you are presented with a gillion tools to define terrain , create hills and valleys , create plateaus , create slopes , create paths , create pads , create fills , insert edging ... the list goes on and on , but is very short on ` create a flower bed , ' ` plant a tree ... ' etc. - I asked for on-line help . I sent an e-mail . The web site said I would be answered in 4-6 hours . 20 hours later , I got a canned answer to a question I did not even ask . It was as if someone cut and pasted an answer related to my question , but with no personal interest in my problem . My question was
 After many hours of frustrating work I finally gave up on this product . I could n't even find a way to draw a plot plan that was n't a rectangle . My wife tried also and gave up . The manual is very sketchy and of little value . There are a limited number of objects to place in your design so you have to substitute token items for real structures . I highly recommend you do not buy this product . Look for something that has reasonable documentation and enough capability to describe something more than a rectangular patch .
 Simply put the home wizard is piece of junk unless your house is box . The plant database is somewhat useful . The objects are lacking , they should of included more textures and objects.Definitely returning this sucker .
 ... The graphics are extremely crude and inaccurate . You ca n't get a decent close up view of the garden.The plant encyclopedia does not work properly . You ca n't do a proper search and the filters do not work very well.I was very disappointed .
 To be fair , this software has some good stuff in it . The part dealing with design and layout of the landscape is all right . The 3D walk-through is not so bad either , although the plants could be a bit more realistic looking.Two things bothered me though , Lack of common plant species , and home design.I live in Colorado , and the software did not have any of the common trees and bushes in my backyard . Cleveland Select Pear , Purple-Leaf Sandcherry , Miss Kim Lilac . So I could n't really do any sort of representation of what my yard already looks like . The software does let you enter new plants , but I want to design , not waste my time compensating for the software . To double-check this , I also entered the plants from Colorado State Universities Plant Select 2000 list . Nothing.The house design was rudimentary , the grid was completely inaccurate , my house would have been 300 feet tall if I had been going by the grid . Also , the lack of window and door components was really depressing.All in all , disappointing software .
 This software will work for you if have a simple landscape and moderate expectations . The multiple camera feature is great , and the walkthrough works well . If you have a flat lot and a simple plan , you should be able to put it together fairly quickly.I live in a quad-level on a grade with a walkout sliding glass door in the back of the house . I spent hours on the house and grading and they 're only close to right . I 'm still having difficulty adding beds and other surfaces -LRB- sidewalks , driveways , etc. -RRB- It takes a lot of trial and error work , and even then it does n't look quite right . Also , you ca n't put plants in planters , raised beds or on any other structure . I spoke with product support , and they told me the software only supports placing plants on the ground.I agree with the previous reviewer who was disappointed with the variety of plants and objects available . I used to own another landscaping package that had much greater variety , but the 3D features did n't work well at all , so I replaced it . I 'm hoping Broderbund will add objects I can download from their website to make my plan more realistic .
 Not what you would expect , even for $ $ $ . After many hours , I have a house model that still does n't look like mine . You ca n't type in your house dimensions . Instead you have to rely on dragging the corners , a process which is way to coarse . The fence options look like something from Disneyland . They do n't mention that amongst the 7000 plants , there are numerous varieties of carrots , melons , etc. . Come on folks , that is just plain misleading . I have a 70 year old Douglas Fir tree in my front yard , which does n't look like an overgrown Christmas tree , the only option offered by this program . There is no way to edit the models or introduce your own . Do n't expect to do any serious work with this program . It is just a video game
 I purchased this software because it was the only software I could find to do 3D landscaping . I thought I got a great deal when it was discounted from $ 54.95 to $ 6.98 , but I found I paid too much . Its not even worth the hard drive space it takes up . The software feezes up frequently , the drawing features are very limited ... only lets you draw your yard and home in retangular shapes . Not intuitive at all . Very limited plant encyclopedia . I 'm sorry I wasted the postage .
 This product turned out to perform poorly . I do not recommend it . However , I do recommend the seller who shipped promptly and shipped the exact product advertised and which I ordered .
 If you get what you pay for , this should have been -LSB- very inexpensive -RSB- This software is NOT for making professional looking business cards . It 's a toy for your kids to play with . 95 % of the graphics are cartoons -LRB- poor at that -RRB- ! I was very dissappointed after purchasing this product . So bad , I 'll have to buy another one .
 This is a software program for those of us who would love to journal our baby 's first moments but lack the time . This being baby # 2 , and with an active preschooler , I welcomed the idea . I received this as a gift and since that day used it dilligently to record every first , every bite , every word . Now that I need help to print it out , I looked at the website given in the `` help '' section of the software -LRB- which , by the way , only gives that information , not any help topics - odd -RRB- and that website is a blank screen with a toll number , which , when I called it , was answered by a man who said Journal Tek had not paid their bill for that site . The phone number other website I found -LRB- no updates since 2005 -RRB- goes to some random man . The email to be sent in the `` contact '' section is a non-working page . Stay away !!
 I knew this one sported StarForce -LRB- thanks to Amazon Reviewers with brass ones - and not intimidated by the gaming industry hyenas -RRB- ; yet , I found it in a electronics megamarket bin for $ 3 and could not resist . -LRB- Goes to show what the value of ridiculously `` protected '' games becomes in less than a year -RRB- . StarForce aside -LRB- and after subtracting 2 stars for its intrusive risk to our systems -RRB- , this RTS seems undecided as to what it aimed for.Trying to combine strategy with action is not new , WARCRAFT 3 -LRB- for one -RRB- did it much better . You have your hero -LRB- Alexander or Cleopatra -RRB- and then you build up your army to complete the corresponding campaign.You build your base and your workers gather wood and gold . When strong enough you go -LRB- or get thrown -RRB- into battle - to earn the third resource
 Would n't work on regular windows 7 GAMING computer . Tried many things but nothing worked . Product also came late as well
 Rise & Fall
 The first indication that this is a BAD product is that it will not completely install on my computer . It gets to 84 % and stops the instillation . This has happened with 5 tries . The second indication is that Tech Support does not offer any support . They send back questions that have no relation to the problem.I have tried the instillation on 2 different computers with the same results . DO N'T BOTHER WITH THIS PROGRAM .
 I happened on this product today while looking for other things . I immediately had an urge to be a good citizen and warn others about this product . I suppose it would be EASY for someone who already knows how to program in Visual Basic . I do n't . That 's why I bought the program . I need EASY . I was very dissapointed and frustrated because there is a skill in communicating to others where you do n't go over their head and that you do n't talk down to them . This program assumes too much about users and we know what happens when we -LRB- ass -RRB- ume things : -RRB-
 The picture on the front of the box says it all . If the finger and the thumb were in the shape of an L on some losers forehead , it would be perfectly indicative of the capability of the product !
 The I used to have Scansoft Textbridge and Omnipage and got ReadIris Pro to change . I mad a mistake the OCR from Scansoft is way better , it performs very well and Textbridge is much easier to use than Readiris.Don ' t do my mistake , stick to Scansoft , they also have a better customer and technical support than IRIS
 Apart from the program crashing every other time it is used , the features are archaic and besides , it requires you register within 30 days of installation or else ... it blows up - just like win XP.I will recommend OmniPage any day over `` readiris '' . I 'm extremely disappointed over the purchase and unfortunately , no money back on this junk .
 It 's easy to install and start using . Beware , though . If you have to reinstall for any reason , you will find yourself locked out or your own password file . I have tried several times to contact customer support about this -LRB- by fax and email -RRB- but have received no response . If you do n't worry what happens three years down the road when you get another handheld or another computer , go right ahead , this one is for you .
 Occasionally , it is possible to purchase a $ 49.99 program that performs many of the functions of the `` REAL '' program -LRB- e.g. , Adobe Acrobat -RRB- . Unfortunately , this is one of the WORST examples of jackleg software writing that I 've had the displeasure to purchase in some 10 years . Absolutely idiotic ! In addition to the FACT that the morons at XELERATE -LRB- & that 's probably the way they think the word should be spelled ! -RRB- provide a Serial Number that is ridiculously mixed with upper and lower case alpha-numerics , making the process of actually loading the program a bizarre exercise in frustration . Also , it appears that the code writers at DE-XELERATE have taken cues from the spelling and grammar branch of the company . It is pathetic . Folks , I rarely return software for any reason , knowing the difficulty in arguing credit for the purchase -LRB- I understand the argument -RRB- ... however - this software is ridiculous . For those reasons , I 'm going to give this product return venture my best shot . As a note , when attempting to read the absolutely illiterate so-called `` Quick Start Guide '' , one discovers a myriad of mixed tenses , misspelled words , typos , and/or totally illogical sentences . In other words , this SOFTWARE and its MANUAL are awful . However , other than the problems with this software 's functionality and the manual 's readability , the CDROM could provide some use as a soft drink coaster , and I suppose the box could be used to help ignite a well built fire some cold evening . But believe me , these two virtues are the ONLY redeeming factors of this worthless , poorly designed , and inept piece of non-work .
 I had read a review where some guy apparently got this program to install somehow and it worked great . From the box it seemed easy to I got one as an alternative to the out-of-sight high priced ADOBE PDF writer . $ 50.00 vs. $ 450.00 . A no brainer IF it worked , right?I attempted to install mine the day I bought it . I had all of the required hardware listed on the box . No go . A screen came up and said to insert Win 98 disk first . I did and apparently the computer already had the file they were looking for . Still did n't work . So I went to Microsoft and installed the file they were looking for -LRB- CAB13 -RRB- . When I finished MS also said I already had the file . So I apparently have the file they need but it still wo n't install . I wrote them an email and was told that the printing on thier box was wrong about the systems needed and to take it back for a refund . I replied that I have the file they need and Windows 98 SE , so now what . No response so far . This is apparently one of those programs that might work for a computer expert but the ordinary computer user just keeps running into problems . I 'm taking it to my regular computer store to see if they can install it and if not , back it goes . Never again .
 I truely can not evaluate this product since it CAN NOT be installed . The supplied serial number does n't work and the customer support is non existent at Xelerate . What good is software that just sits in the box and can not be installed . I have seen many reviews of this product all with the same complant - can not be installed . Seems like this is a very common problem with this product . The Xelerate website offers no solution and no way to contact them except via email - what a bummer . Here I am with no refund , no software installed and no recourse , save your money and buy any other software except Xelerate software - it is the worst of the bunch .
 I tried several format for 1 , l , I , etc. none worked . I checked what was shown on the error message is exactly the same as printed on the manual . After tried for 15 minutes , I gave up ,
 It keeps on showing invalid serial number though I input it exactly as shown in the instruction manual . My email to support got no response .
 I have used PowerPDF successfully for a few documents . But when it began to misbehave in such a way as to make it unusable , I emailed the vendor 's product support describing my problem and asking for advice . They told me the product was no longer in development , and they would n't help me . When I tried again , and again in very polite terms , I received no response at all . The price is too high for an unsupported product .
 Borderline criminal . Purchased this program with a serial number that does not work . Customer service at Xelarate seems none exists . I believe its companies like Xelarate who caused the tech bubble to burst . The company is behaving like they are operating out of a garage in India or Pakistan . I WHAT MY MONEY BACK !!!
 I got an invalid serial number and can not start a program . I 'm trying to reach a customer service , but I 'm not sure if I can get response because I read another 's review that says he could n't get any service from this company . It 's totally nonsense that a software comes with an invalid serial .
 UPDATE
 THis program is not what I thought it would be . It is less of a program than it is a printer device . Once you edit and save . pdf files , you can no longer edit them . Thank god it was free after rebates !
 I bought my copy of PowerPdf -LRB- published by the company XELERATE -RRB- on Sunday , May 5 and tried to install it . The serial number I was provided with in the documentation is invalid . I went to the web site to contact the vendor about it . In order to send an e-mail to the tech support people , you are required to `` register '' at the site . Being obedient , I clicked on the `` registration '' link - and got a blank page.There is no way to contact the vendor at this point as no phone number is provided , nor an alternate e-mail address . I ca n't recommend a company or a software that is ripping me off at this point . I am out ... with no recourse , at this point . I only hope the managers at XELERATE see this review and contact me so I can rescind this review of their very poor `` quality control '' . I 'd like to try out the product .
 These folks have topped Microsoft for hard to read software passwords . You must type in a long code containing upper case , lower case , and numerals , all mixed together and printed with a bubblejet in sanserif font . So you get i 's and I 's and L 's and l 's and O 's and 0 's and o 's , but you ca n't tell which is which -LRB- it looks like lOl0 , etc. -RRB- so you spend an hour trying all combos , without success . Go to their website and click on the password info page and you get testamonials about how much other customers love the program once the company gave them a password that worked . Huh ? You should not have to do this ! And besides , the page does not work , so you can not send them an e-mail . There are other ways to get them , though not by phone ; the company is unlisted . Just try the other websites and e-mails listed in various places on the box , the instruction booklet , and the CD sleeve . Good luck!The program does work . I have not yet gotten it to integrate with Paperport , though I have not experimented much . I suppose I could use Paperport in the printer mode to make a direct PDF . I have been able to convert from Paperport files to PDF . The files are rather large , though .
 I truely can not evaluate this product since it CAN NOT be installed . The supplied serial number does n't work and the customer support is non existent at Xelerate . What good is software that just sits in the box and can not be installed . I have seen many reviews of this product all with the same complant - can not be installed . Seems like this is a very common problem with this product . The Xelerate website offers no solution and no way to contact them except via email - what a bummer . Here I am with no refund , no software installed and no recourse , save your money and buy any other software except Xelerate software - it is the worst of the bunch .
 Item was listed as `` CD '' , I got FLOPPY DISKS ! I CA N'T USE FLOPPY DISKS ! I beleive item was liSted as excelent shape , IT WAS MISSING ONE OF THE TEN FLOPPY DISKS ! I think I 'll stick to ebay for now on !
 If you are interested in being creative and having fun with your video clips , do n't buy this software . This is a video-editing program that is extremely complicated , has very little pizzazz , and has proven to me to be ill-suited for a weekend/family video editor such as I. I have a ife...thank-you-very-much ... and I do n't have oodles and oodles of time to pour over the technical and hard to find functions of the Vegas 6.0 program . Being intuitive is clearly not it 's strength.Through my searches for an easy to use and quality home video-editing software program , the top two that I have found on the market are Pinnacle and Vegas . I have both of these on my computer . I had first started with the earlier version of Pinnacle 9.0 program which is where I became hooked on video editing . The criticsm about the Pinnacle program that I have read is that it is occasionally `` buggy '' and will from time to time crash . Well ... yes , that 's what I have experienced too . But I would much rather go through what I feel are these comparatively small hassels of the Pinnacle program than to face off with the complicated and drab Vegas 6.0 . I recenly threw myself into the Vegas program to give it a fair shake and did so over a time period of three weeks . And boy , I am here to tell you that I have been beaten!One way for you to get a sense of the difference between Pinnacle and Vegas is to go to a good bookstore . Look on the shelf where video editing books are and see how many nicely done books with colorful and clear graphics there are about Pinnacle and Vegas . I count around 5 different books about Pinnacle . Guess how many you will find on Vegas 6.0 ? One ... and it reads like a retro army field manual . Blech.Because I am a family guy , my movies are ... well , about my family . We do lotsa stuff
 I was very surprised to read the great reviews of this software . The software package was marketed to me as a basic , user-friendly media editing and DVD-making tool . I find few aspects that are user friendly , and quite frankly , feel this software is a complete rip-off if you just want basic editing functions -LRB- i.e. rotate video -RRB- . I can achieve similiar level of editing that I need on my Sonic DVD software , which came free with my computer.I purchased this software about a month ago , and have yet to be able to successfully make a DVD . It has been a time-consuming , frustrating process . Before buying the video , I did my research - on-line , even visiting a Sony store -LRB- I have a Sony Handcam -RRB- . There were only 2 things I needed to achieve with the software - rotate video and add music to the background - additional editing features would be welcomed , but not necessary . Although the Sony representative told me that I would be unable to rotate the video with the software -LRB- which I now know is untrue -RRB- , I decided to purchase it anyways.Since I purchased the product , I have spent hours going through the tutorial as well as read through the 400 + page manual . There is definitely a steep learning curve . The terminology -LRB- event vs. marker vs. chapter -RRB- is difficult to get a handle on . After editing the video , including adding music in the background , the resulting rendered file only provides one audio track . I have attempted to fix by adding an audio track in the DVD Architect , only for the software to tell me that I needed the `` full-version '' , which I would need to purchase . Why does a software package allow you to add audio tracks to turn around and tell you that if you want it on the DVD , you have to buy additional software ? Hopefully there is a function in the software that I just have n't found yet that will burn a DVD with all desired audio . I will prob find it in 2 days - like I said , steep learning curve.This software package should not be geared toward the average person who wants to compile home videos . Until now , I was a huge fan of Sony - now I 'm not so sure .
 Unfortunately , this program does not work at all if you 're trying to use movies taken on a digital still camera , because the movie format used on still cameras - Motion JPEG - is not recognized on this program , even though it is recognized on most other video editing programs . I was told by Sony to download the free `` CODEC '' file available online to solve that problem , which I did , but to no avail . It still does n't work . Of course , Sony does n't warn you about this problem when you buy the software .
 Having dabbled in video editing in my limited spare time , I used the Windows Movie Maker . It was easy , fun and highly intuitive . But , I kept hearing that you are limited in what you could do . So I attempted the Free 30 day trial of Vegas . However , the trial does NOT allow you to import and edit MPEGs so I purchased the product . $ 94 bucks down the tube.First off , if you want to do serious film editing and have weeks to do what would take a few hours on Window Movie Maker then this product is for you . If however , you want to quickly and intuitively edit family video to place on You Tube then stick to Windows Movie Maker -LRB- which is free by the way -RRB- . Now let me say that I am not a dumb guy . I 'm an Ophthalmologist and consider myself pretty `` techie '' . The Complexity of Vegas1 . If you want to split a scene and cut unwanted material , you need to splice the video and audio separately . Windows has them together .2 . If you want to do a simple transition . You need to manually overlap the two scenes . Indeed , you are given the choices not available in Windows Movie Maker . You have to decide the length of overlap . In Windows Movie Maker , there is a set overlap for splicing . This was very confusing and the help menu made it even more confusing . Again , if you have time and want that level of control , then this is the right product for you .3 . Windows Movie Maker gives you a fair choice of quality transitions and they can easily be placed in a storyboard -LRB- that is separate from your timeline -RRB- . In this program however , the timeline is the story board and you have literally 100s of choices of the transition you want . Personally , I do n't need to evaluated and choose which of the 116 wipes is best for my scene .4 . Entering text . If I want to place a title before or even on a clip , I do n't want to have to decide : how fast the title enters the scenewhat font should I usewhat 's the transparency I needif it spins , does it spin clockwise or does it spin counterclockwise . How fast should the spin be ? I could go on and on ... So you end up spending painful hours on a project that could easily be completed in 1/4 of the time.My videos on Windows Movie Maker were easy.and fun to make . They looked good . People were even calling me `` Steven Spielberg '' . So , if you want to have control over every minute detail of editing then buy Vegas . If you want to quickly edit and make nice videos to share with your friends and family , your better off with Windows Movie Maker.DF
 Not user friendly . Install was ok but I have already spent hours simply trying to figure out how to change the time each slide is displayed in a slideshow project ! You have to pay for tech support unless you email and then wait days for a reply!Have used Roxio and Windows movie maker in the past and they are far superior for neophytes and those wanting intuitive software !
 i did my homework , read the reviews and happily went purchase the sony vegas movie maker + dvd . They are very nice features as advertised , and its priced great , thats the only reason i gave it any stars , but it is NOT user friendly . The manual is haphazzard and disorganized and the show me how feature is great if you already know what you want to do and what its called in this software , otherwise you 're basically randomly pushing buttons . Which I dont mind personally , i like experimenting with software , but I never could get the program to capture audio . It will record audio , but my doing a voice over of `` this is my baby saying her first word '' is not quite the same as actually hearing her on the video . NO help from sony , I emailed 3 days ago with only a form reply saying we got your email and will reply as soon as we can , and the phone service , you have to pay for ... up to and beyond the amount of service , no thanks . This time I think I 'll listen to cnet rather than user reviews and return this and pick up the pinnacle . Even if it crashes or freezes , Im not getting anywhere anyway .
 When I looked this over very carefully I ascertained that I was not good enough on the computer to figure this out . I can do most anything I want on my computer but this was too technical .
 Being sold as a recommended software package for my HD camera , I was not pleased at all to find out that it only records in standard definition and I would have to spend $ 90 for an upgrade to high definition . Sitting in a box in the closet , it angers me to see it .
 Though it says it will , it will NOT open any of my AVI files with the video - only the audio shows up.Pinnacle , ULead , and Windows Movie Maker , all had no problems opening them - But Sony Vegas Movie Studio did!And you better allow a couple of hours just to download the 66MB patch for this product , Sony 's web site throttles you to about 8KB/sec ! - Thats over 1-3/4 hours ! Absurd ! -LRB- especially when you have broadband -RRB- Hav n't even used this thing but I regret buying it already.Sony 's on my `` never buy again '' list .
 This software is to complicated for the average DV camcorder owner . After reading the full manual all I could produce on DVD was sound no video . I spend weeks reading and following the manual insturctions -LRB- poorly written -RRB- waisted 20 DVD discs . You need to be an experienced professional who understands how to edit time lines and video tracks and markers . I gave up I deleted it from my computer and the software sits in the box . This is not the software to buy if you only want to put your vacation videos form a DV camcorder onto a DVD . Try using Ulead Movie Factory 5 for slower computers or Movie Factory 6 for faster computers , it is easy to use and understand .
 I recently went on a Wash DC tour with 55 kids from my daughters ' school . Bought a Sony dv camcorder and recorded about 6 hours of the trip . My goal was to edit it down to 2 hours and give each of the kids a copy of the trip . Upon returning from the tour I went out and purchased the Sony Vegas editing program and a Sony dvd burner . Like an idiot , I assumed all the Sony components would work easily with each other . My first clue to the opposite was when the dvd burner came supplied , not with the Sony Vegas , but with a worthless start-up Nero editing program that freezes every time you attempt to record . Why would Sony include a competitor 's product instead of their own ? It 's because the Sony Vegas editing program is totally useless . Some of the reviews refer to the learning curve being somewhat difficult . No kidding !!! Sony Vegas is actually two programs ; First , you upload all of the dvd discs onto the Vegas editing program . Then you click `` make movie '' and it `` renders '' your program onto the `` Sony Architect '' program -LRB- for less than 3 hours worth of video took almost 12 hours to `` render '' !!! -RRB- Fiddled around Architect for a couple hours just trying to get ANYTHING to burn on the Sony burner ; gave up , shut down the computer . A short time later returned to Architect only to find out that the 12 hours of `` rendering '' had disappeared . -LRB- Yes , I had saved my work ! -RRB- Everything was gone . Anyway , almost 3 weeks later have given up on trying to edit the program . Now just trying to make a copy of one of the 30-minute discs . Ca n't find anything in either of the manuals or `` help '' sections that address this . Also contains a totally useless text tutorial that freezes after the first frame . I will never buy another overrated Sony product again . ABORT !!! if thinking about buying Sony Vegas !!!
 Wow ! I purchased this along with Pantone `` Essentials '' - a little suitcase of chip sets - for $ 543 . It was delivered along with promotional information for the ALL-NEW color system , called Goe . Ouch !
 First off , Do n't know WHY they require a CD-ROM Since it does n't come with a CD.Second , Even though it says Seperate Power Unit , It Does n't Say ANYTHING About Sold Seperately . The Unit does n't even Work w/o PS . Why Sell it Seperately ?? I 've bought LOTS of things where it said Power Unit Seperate and NONE Of them you haev to BUY the Power Unit Alone . -LRB- Thats Mis-Advertisement -RRB- Third , It 's suppose to have either a Serial Port OR a Parallel Port , Which it does n't . Only Ethernet.DONT BUY TIS PRODUCT . Going to Send it back because of Mis-Advertisement . OR Lack of It .
 The software is slow and outdated . Navigation through the menus is painful . Buy the book instead . It might even be cheaper . I got this free , and it still was n't worth it . I threw it out .
 Total piece of junk . It 's not worth the $ 4 I spent . It has even less information than the books they sell at Home Depot .
 Bought this cd thinking it would be comparable to the book ... totally mistaken . I agree with the other reviews , do n't waste your money on this .
 Love the format , but this is the buggiest piece of software I 've ever encountered on my Mac . It constantly crashes , tells me there is `` minor error '' in which case you have to repeat whatever little section your are on.Very very poor programming .
 I purchased this program with great hopes to learn to speak Brazil Portuguese , with a price tag of $ 295.00 -LRB- OUCH -RRB- This program begins showing you photos with words written in Portuguese . For example , You see a photo of a little girl with words written in Portuguese , then you hear the audio saying the words UMA MENINA , then the program asks you to say the words into the mirophone but this program never explains in English what the words mean . You continue repeating the words but have no meaning what the words mean . Does UNA MENIA mean little child or one child or a girl ? ? ? ? Another example , you see a photo of child eating rice the words on the screen and audio saying AMENINA ESTA COMENDO , the program asks you to repeat the words into the microphone and never gives you the meaning of each word in English . You repeat and repeat unfamilar words you do not understand into the mirophone and have no knowledge of the meaning of the words you repeat into the mirophone . This program is like being lost in Brazil , no one speaks English and they are talking to you in Portuguese . Very dissappointed with this program . I wrote Rosetta Stone an e-mail explaining the program does not give you the English value of each word , their reply `` BY LOOKING AT THE PHOTO YOU SHOULD FIGURE OUT WHAT EACH PORTUGUESE WORD MEANS . '' EXCUSE ME ! ! ! It is the software 's job to introduce Portuguese words and explane in English the meaning of each word . This program learns you to repeat words and phrases and you have no idea what the words you memorize mean . If you do not understand the English value of the Portuguese word how could you ever have a conversation speaking Portuguese in Brazil and understand what the Brazil person is saying . This program is like SEE THE PICTURE , SEE THE FOREIGN WORDS AND AUDIO YOU HAVE NO UNDERSTANDING AND TELL ME WHAT THE PICTURE IS SAYING . One photograph can say a thousand words . To end my review , I have a friend from Campo Grande MS Brazil who came to my home to review this software . My friend is an attorney in Brazil and spend 2 hours reviewing this software and said , `` YOU WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND THE PORTUGUESE LANGUAGE FROM THIS PROGRAM BECAUSE THIS PROGRAM DOES NOT GIVE YOU THE KNOWLEDGE TRANSLATION OF THE DEFINATION OF EACH PORTUGUESE WORD , IT SHOWS YOU PHOTOS WITH WRITTEN AND AUDIO SOUND FOR YOU TO FIGURE OUT IN YOUR MIND WHAT THE WORDS MEAN . YOU LEARN TO SAY WORDS AND PHRASES HAVING NO IDEA WHAT YOU ARE SAYING . '' As a beginner trying to learn Portuguese this over priced program is a waste of time and money . This review is based upon the opinion from a person living in Brazil .
 I used to like DeLorme 's products . THis one is poor at best as far as being functional . GPS takes forever to locate , map loading from desktop to PDA is not as easy as the interface would have you believe , and you can not adjust zoom level manually.As poor as the Pharos / Ostia package is , it beats DeLorme in functionality . I wish it had the POI and address info that DeLorme has ... better yet , I wish DeLorme had thier functionality . I am returning the DeLorme product in the morning .
 I 'm returning this product . I could n't get out the starting gate because of poor documentation . It was very unclear how to transfer maps from a PC to a Palm T3 SD Card . Other reviewers point out that you ca n't do address lookups on the PDA which limits the usefullness of this package . I was planning to use this software with Delorme 's Earthmate GPS receiver . I 'm now looking at the TomTom T3 GPS offering instead .
 I purchased DeLorme 's Street Atlas 2004 Handheld USA for my Sony Clie -LRB- NR70V Hi-Res -RRB- as I travel extensively cross-country for my job . I was interested in a Palm OS Street navigation software that could give me point-to-point turn-by-turn driving instructions while on the road.Overall , I found this GPS solution to be `` Adequate , '' but needing a bit more development before it is ready for the road-warrior . Here are the pros and cons that I found while using the software : Cons
 Bought this and was hoping that it would live up to it 's name , a Street Atlas to be used on a handheld . Do n't believe it . It 's just a map viewer.When I 'm out driving and I need to find an address , I need a handheld app that will let me search for it . This wo n't . That functionality is only on the desktop half of the software , when I 'm sitting at home . If I could foresee in advance all the addresses I would need to use when I 'm away from home , I could search and save maps and routes in advance . Then sync them with the handheld , and then I could use them . Who uses map software like that?The worse thing about this lack of functionality is how they hide that from you . It 's not clear in the documentation available BEFORE you buy it . Worst of all , it 's not really available in the documentation AFTER you buy it . You have to wrestle through a very poorly designed user interface to try to figure out what the software does and does n't do . Not only is it not functional for me , it took me over an hour of my time and all that money to find that out.Save your money . If you need a true handheld street atlas , keep looking .
 DeLorme makes great looking maps for the PC , but the user interface is horrible . All I 've ever used it for is to hook up a GPS to my laptop and let it run . Trying to enter a route or `` find '' an address just drives you nuts.Street Atlas USA 2004 Handheld version is no exception , with the additional complication of having to figure out how to save a map so it can be downloaded to your PDA . You first have to save it to your PC , then separately install it using the Palm installer -LRB- probably similar for the Pocket PC -RRB- . There is an extensive set of instructions for how to do this on their web site , and the fact you 'll need them is a pretty good indication of the inscruitible interface . Unfortunately , lots of other instructions are needed and not obviously available . Microsoft Streets & Trips is far easier to use on the PC , but will only download maps to Pocket PCs , not Palms.Once you get a Delmore map on your PDA , it 's pretty , but still pretty useless . The resolution is zoomed way out , so you see lots of streets but no street names . Most incredibly , there is no way to zoom the map ! , an unacceptable limitation . To figure out where you are , you have to tap various streets or use the find function . Tapping produces a tiny box -LRB- unreadable while driving -RRB- which spawns a pop-up display of points of interest within the box . Great , but where 's the street I 'm trying to find?The find function does a pretty good job of finding a point of interest , although you wo n't find `` hotels '' , you need to search for `` accomodations '' . But try to find a street address and the program first searches your PDA 's entire address book , coming up with the most obscure hits , then begins ticking off the street , and FINALLY the actual address you requested . You can add a waypoint , which will show up in 2 point type , or tap `` GOTO '' to produce a somewhat higher resolution map that even shows some major street names . Of course , you still can not zoom in to get more detail.The product may work with DeLorme 's PDA-dedicated GPS , but I could never get it to connect with my EMTAC BlueTooth GPS unit , which works just fine with Mapopolis.All in all the product produces a much prettier map than Mapopolis , but Mapopolis has a much more streamlined interface -LRB- you just insert the disk and click the state , then county -LRB- ies -RRB- , you want to download -RRB- . Mapopolis does n't have all the swell points of interest , but once on the PDA , Mapopolis maps are actually useful for orientation and finding your way , which DeLorme 's are not . Maybe they 'll improve the 2005 version ; start with the ability to zoom , for heaven 's sake ! For now , a good paper map is a better investment .
 It works like no other program you have ever used . Get ready to re-learn even something as simple as opening and saving a file . The program is slow . The maps lack detail until you are zoomed in nearly all the way . Printing is not as good as SA7 . All in all it is a big step backwards.Don ' t Bother .
 I unfortunately purchased the Delorme USA 2004 Handheld Street Atlas . I ca n't believe Delorme would release such a third rate product.What is good . The maps are ok , some pretty good POI , but I found them to not be placed correctly on the maps , in some cases up to a mile off.What is bad . Quite a bit . The maps are slow to load , you ca n't re-calculate a route if you take a wrong turn -LRB- which makes the program pretty much completely worthless -RRB- , Locations ca n't be saved on the PDA , so you need to re-type them every time you want to make a route , the app does not take advantage of the Clie long screen . Street level detail is lacking when zoomed in at the lowest level - simple things like street names . When traveling , the cursor that indicates your location is usually off - this once again depends on finding the correct zoom level.Door to Door directions is a bit misleading if you ask me . Searching is horrendous . It does not allow for saved searches , so once again , you need to type stuff over again and again.I hope the 30 day guarantee still applies . I wish I read these reviews before I bought this .
 I have the 2005 version . It is worthless . It will not allow you to route from current GPS position to a point . And ... when you try to map a shortest or quickest route , the system freezes after up to 5 minutes of `` thinking '' the computation . The software is only effective at routing for very short routes . Anything I tried over 10 miles would take at least 5 minutes to compute . And I 'm using a newer HP Ipaq with plenty of memory . This software stinks . If you buy a GPS go with some other software .
 This is the second mapping software I bought . The first one is Pharos GPS for pocket pc , it was a waste of money , very hard to use and the map disappears on its own . This one is not much better either . I 'm returning it .
 I bought the software to calculate mileages between two points . I operate a trucking business and drive myself . I want to calculate the distance say , between Raleigh , NC and Philadelphia , PA. . I have a 1 gig compact flash card I bought to store the map data on . It was hopeless to even think about loading the east coast onto the memory card . I sat there for an hour highlighting the entire east coast -LRB- selecting blocks -RRB- . I had 21,000 blocks selected . The desktop worked all night trying to save this file . I never did get it to work . DeLorme acts like this software is so versatile . The object of using a Handheld computer for mapping is to store mapping info and perform useful functions in the field as they may arise . This software is for someone who would rather save a small map on a pda rather than use the paper one they have or print one and take it along . I am also returning this software . It is a joke and a real dissapointment . I have a few other quotes but they would be inappropriate to post here . I hate to even rate it with one star . -5 stars would be more like it .
 Do not waste your money on this CD , it did not run at all and I have Lightroom and Photoshop . I want my money back !
 I ca n't get too mad at the folks at Pinnacle -LRB- now Avid . -RRB- After all , it 's me that has been dumb enough to buy this program over and over again.I started video editing with Pinnacle Studio 7 . It was buggy , and I lost work in progress over and over and over again . I was thrilled when a new version came out that was advertised as being more stable and faster . I upgraded to 8 right away.I upgraded yet again to version 9 when it was released . Performance was not much butter , and I was still losing a lot of work . I thought I 'd wised up , and swore never to buy the program again.Then Avid bought out Pinnacle and released Studio 10 . This version really is better , they promised . The sales literature and Studio 's website both cheered loudly about how the new Studio was built on the professional Avid Liquid video editing engine , making the program more stable than ever . I so badly wanted that to be true.Studio 10 crashed 8 minutes into my first project . It crashed again and again and again that first day . Waiting for patches helped some , but the program continued to crash when panning and scanning through still photos.And now I 've fallen again for the newest come on from Pinnacle . Vista makes it work better , they said . So I built a new PC and installed Vista and 4GB of RAM . But the same problems -LRB- and some of the same bugs ! -RRB- persist.Is it really Pinnacle 's fault that I continue to fork over my money for their buggy software ? No , it 's my own fault now . I should know better . This really is the last version I 'll own . I 've made my wife promise to divorce me if I upgrade the program again.Studio 11 is a well-designed program . It 's easy to learn . It 's intuitive . It 's fast . It 's extremely powerful . And due to its frequent crashes , it 's completely unusable.Support is available for the program , if you do n't mind wading through countless messages on a message board and do n't mind waiting for updates and patches . Unfortunately , this is not my idea of quality support.There are a lot of alternatives out there . Try any of them . But do n't try this one . Learn from my mistakes ; stay away from Studio .
 Product failed to run -LRB- error message said configuration problem -RRB- after installing without problem . Customer support almost worthless , just read from the FAQ website . Finally told me the problem must be my sound or video card drivers . Told to download latest versions -LRB- P.C already has the latest drivers -RRB- Returned product for full refund -LRB- thank you Amazon -RRB- and I purchased ULEAD 11 PLUS which works perfectly and is awesome to use .
 I charitably give Studio 11 2 stars because it does have a lot of features . However , I have spent many hours cussing out its numerous bugs . Pinnacle needs to stop adding the paltry few features from version to version and fix the bugs . Some are painful . Try rendering a big project and have it freeze up when 97 % finished . Does it preserve the work it has done , let you restart and render the last 3 % ? No , you have to redo everything from scratch . DVD menu creating is irritatingly clumsy and full of minor bugs . Why ca n't DVD burning be more reliable ? It trashed so many of my DVDs that I started buring to DVD+RW s and when , after 3-5 tries , one burns , I make copies with Nero -LRB- which burns successfully 100 % of the time -RRB- . Video importing from tape is miserably unreliable . I 've used the product on different machines with different hardware , too . Try contacting customer support , and they 'll give you a boilerplate answer that does n't match your question . I wish I would have stayed with version 9 . It was very buggy , but not like 11 and it mostly had the same features .
 I have had Pinnacle Studio plus Titanium Edition installed on my computer for a while now . I have a stack of media piling up because this software will not perform even the most basic functions . You know ... play a video . It continually freezes and stops responding requiring a Ctrl + Alt + Del to get out of it.My system is built for video and photo editing . 3.4 GHz Pentium4 2GB DDR2 RAM and NVIDIA 6600 graphics accelerator with 256MB dedicated video RAM . Even with Studio locked up , I can bring up other software that will run perfectly , so it is definitely their problem.I have been in contact with their technical support staff -LRB- who do n't seem to understand English very well -RRB- and they keep telling me to try the same old stuff . Reboot , reinstall , reboot again . They insist that you try it all before they will tell you to install some other piece of non-functioning software by these jokers . Usually after about 4 hours of help chat , they tell you that their shift is over and you will get an email . This will be the last you hear from them.To put it mildly , Pinnacle makes Microsoft software seem pleasant and enjoyable to deal with . At least Microsoft wants your software to work until the make it obsolete in a year . Pinnacle is , by far , the worst software I have EVER tried to use.The feature set of this software is extremely attractive , and if any of it actually worked , I would love it . My sessions typically play about 10 seconds of video then the picture freezes and it is done . In over a year , I have successfully created about 30 minutes of video output.Your money is better spent anywhere else ! Please , for the love of all that is good in life , let these folks go out of business.I would have produced a great video review , but , alas , my $ 120.00 video software suite wo n't even play video much less edit it for upload
 I 've used this product on two different computers hoping that maybe the problems I had on the old one was becuase it had XP and was slower . Once on a newer and more powerful computer with Vista , it has had no crashes . However , successfully burning a DVD is another matter . Using the old computer I have destroyed many discs , RWs were the safe way to go . Even then it would n't write over a used RW . I 've run into other frustrating bugs while using it . With the new computer , I have had trouble even getting it to the burning stage . Be sure to use safe mode when burning to avoid disc wasting.I did give it 2 stars because the features are nice and easy to use . Once , and if , you do get the disc burnt it 's usually fine .
 Nothing but problems , as some of the other reviews point out . Even after upgrades , still freezes and can not burn DVDs . There is no customer `` service '' , just words which are unhelpful . They want you to buy more . Just another corrupt greedy company ...
 I am a Software Engineer . I know software . I know how it should work when it is well designed and I know when software is poorly designed.Pinnacle is the MOST disappointing software I 've ever purchased . It is buggy . Its performance is erratic on multiple platforms . It does not install properly . It damages your system when it does install.And Pinnacle Help is horrific
 This program has a good editor for HD video . However , the file managment of this software going cfrom the camera to the computer , and file conversion from DVI to Window Media Player video is terrible . A ten minute video may take 30 minutes to upload . A file conversion from DVI to Window Media Player video can take hours . Very difficlt to be prodcutive with this software with HD video .
 Updated status of problem follows review . 9-08Pinnacle bullies other software out of device menu that pops up when camcorder device is activated.An important detail is left out of other reviews , that being , that Pinnacle is what i call a bully program , it makes major alterations to the way other programs , with similar functions , are accessed and wipes them from the activated device menu window . Now , only Pinnacle , and take no action , appear when my camcorder is powered up.When i determined that image grabber was not as functional as what is provided in windows movie maker , -LRB- which once was a menu item when a device activated -RRB- , I uninstalled pinnacle and was hoping that the list of menu options would be repopulated , , , dream on , it is now a blank window , emptied of any options that were available before installing pinnacle . How bogus is that?I can do without bully programs , especially ones that ca n't even capture a frame off a video with the same level of capability as windows movie maker.If there were any pros , i sure did n't find them in the simple task that i wanted to accomplish with my HD video , that of capturing one specific frame of action and saving it in the best DPI possible , at least something better than 96 dpi.Now the activated device menu is blank and repopulating it does not seem to be automatic or even manually obvious.No thankyou notes going their way.Update
 I am using Windows XP with SP3 . This software would hang during install with no message . I went to Pinnacle 's website and did all that they claim would fix installation with SP3 and still was not able to load the software . This included removing my old Studio 9 and doing recommended registry clean . I had studio 9 and 10 and terrible problems hanging during editing and rendering . I bought this because reviews said it was much more stable . Did n't even get out of the gate !
 Pinnacle 's Serial Numbers and Activation Keys expire after two years.This applies to all Pinnacle software , not just software downloaded online . Activation Keys bought online AND Serial Numbers for software bought in retail stores only work for two years.It 's in the fine print - which you ca n't even see until you rip open the box -LRB- thereby forfeiting your right to a refund -RRB- and click the `` Yes , I Agree '' button during installation.If you have to reinstall the program -LRB- or any part of it -RRB- two years and a day after buying it , you will have to completely repurchase the software.What 's especially fishy about Pinnacle is how it will suddenly start crashing at 2 years after initial installation . My video drivers stopped working at a point , I 'd later realize , coincident with the 2 year anniversary of my having installed the Pinnacle software.In trying to fix the suspiciously-timed program crash I was mystified to learn that a number clearly printed on a CD sleeve was suddenly `` Not a Valid Serial Number . '' The Activation Keys I 'd bought online , and had on file , were suddenly incorrect.I contacted Pinnacle , who informed me of the two year statement in the agreement . Here is an excerpt from their email : `` The reason you are not able to obtain a redownload of your purchase isthat the Extended Download Service was not purchased with your downloadand the time to purchase this service has expired . Unfortunately , thismeans that in order to obtain the product , you will need to repurchaseit . `` Keep in mind - I was asking Pinnacle for no software . All I needed was a Serial Number and Activation Keys , because the Serial Number printed on the CD sleeve itself , and the Activation Keys I 'd received two years earlier no longer worked.Just something you might want to keep in mind before buying Pinnacle software .
 I can not recommend this product to anyone who has Windows XP . My system meets all requirements specified . For the past 4 weeks I have been trying to get Pinnacle Support to help me just to get this application to run . I get the message that my display adapter can not be used for 3D display and when I press ok on this message , I get an Application Error window . When I press ok , the application itself disappears . I checked for the latest Graphics Display driver and I have the latest and I have installed the latest patch by Pinnacle with no positive results . I have even disabled the Virus and Security Software and that has not helped . I basically have wasted the $ 80.00 that I paid for this application .
 After having Studio 9 and dealing with latency issues galore ... . I upgraded to Studio Plus 11 . WOW is this horrible . The editing issue has been fixed , it only took a couple of years , but now there are issues with DVD burning from the program itself . It really is horrible . I 've spent the last 5 hours trying to fix this , on the phone with Tech support for over an hour and a half and then they hung up on me ... and still no resolution STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !!!
 If I could give it a zero star rating , I would . It is a horrible program . It keeps freezing on me all the time , I could not finish editing one single movie since I owe it , I am returning this to Amazon . A huge waste of money and your time .
 We 've had nothing but problems with this program . We bought a brand new computer which met all the specs required and suggested for this Pinnacle program , and still nothing works as it should . Customer support simply tells us to check the FAQ online every time we email in a question , and on the phone no one is ever able to come up with a solution to the MANY MANY bugs the program has.The capabilities of the program itself are phenomenal ... if only it would work right ! THe picture-in-picture , transitions , menus , they 're all great ! But we have gone through about 25 DVD 's now trying to get our movies to burn . But every time we get one problem fixed , there 's a new reason our movie does n't turn out . Everything from DVD 's with only video no audio , to chapters that do n't start in the right places , chapters where the entire first half is missing , the list is endless . We 've burned only one successful movie , and every other time , it 's a new problem or bug . Do n't waste your hours of work creating a DVD with this program . Research some different ones as I 'm now doing .
 Do n't buy this product . It is the worst product I have ever brought . It wo n't let you burn to DVD after having problems getting it to install . You call Tech Support for assistance and you get suggestions on what the problem may be but no one knows and the problem is still not resolved . I have used Pinnacle Studios before and had great results but decided to upgrade to the new version thinking it would have more features . No bad mistake , paid $ 129.00 for the item mailed in my rebate and never received it . They want you to mail the rebate info in whether you have received the item or not . They do n't allow for time waiting to received the product when you order it and the item takes 2 weeks to get to your house . Now add that to the problems you have trying to get it installed and then editing a project only to find it wo n't burn to DVD . Please do not waste your money . If you want a good editing program buy Power Direct V6 much better . Recommended highly .
 One of my favorite Games from the Backyard series would have to be Backyard Baseball 2003 , because it has all of my favorite players such as Chipper Jones , it also has all of my favorite teams -LRB- Atlanta Braves -RRB- . I think that Backyard Basketball was a really big dissapointment . With terrible graphics and only two Pro Players . Thre was also no pro teams . I think that Humongous Entertainment should make a Backyard Basketball 2004 . They should also have more than 2 pro players . They should have at least ten NBA players and at least five or ten WNBA players
 It is truly remarkable that one of the greatest games ever made for PC was so easily and utterly destroyed in the 2003 version by a completely unbearable voice track . The voices are so mechanical , repetitive , and grating that it is impossible to play the game for more than ten minutes without turning off your speakers or tearing out your hair . The upgrades and updates to the game certainly do n't outweigh this horrific failure ; it is hard to believe that anyone at Humongous tested this game because no sensible person would have released it to market ...
 Although the listing said it works with Windows XP , it does not . I purchased the Guitar Songs 1 version 2.0 edition . It did not work with XP at all . I am wondering if there is a version that will work with XP . Be careful before you purchase it !!
 This Software only contains on of the three bibles people normally use . -LRB- KJV -RRB- the NIV and the NASB are not in this soft ware . I was very disappointed with this software . Not worth the money I spent .
 I bought this software to suppliment Quick Verses . It is not close to the ease of use that Quick Verses presents . Additionally the CD cover ` boasts ' a number of features that I was not able to access without paying for a password to unlock them ! I feel that the product is misrepresented as such . If you want a full featured Bible reference buy Quick Verses instead .
 This progam is no more useful for music cd 's than the windows media player . My bigest gripe is that it writes a 2 second lead in time between tracks , causing continuos flow between them to be interupted .
 It 's a total waste of precious time & money ! I 've installed & uninstalled the software over & over again thinking I was doing something wrong where in reality the software should n't be on the market . My computer froze up so many times , I had to reinstall Windows . Luckily I got everything back on track . I emailed their technical support , but of course I was referred to a different web site which I did n't bother with . I removed it from my system forever !
 This program is a complete waste of time . I tried installing it twice . The first time ; it hung my computer up so badly , I had to pull the plug out of the wall to shut it off . When I finally got the computer working , it would n't recognize my D
 Yeah , I know this is bottom-of-the-barrel stuff , but it 's still disappointing . Seems to copy CDs well enough , but oddly , seems to have trouble copying material from my hard drive . I 'd advise the humble consumer to spend a few more dollars and look elsewhere .
 Ok ... so I am somewhat of a rookie at burning CD 's , however this software stinks . I have a brand spankin ' new Dell with all the memory that any Grandma would cherish . Of course , my CD-RW drive is not supported by this software and I too rec 'd the cold shoulder from customer service . They gave me absolutely no time line on updated drivers and also had the nerve to tell me that I had to go back and check their list periodically to see if my drive had been added . Wow ! Now THAT made me feel like I was a priority ... I will try to return to Best Buy today , if not I will throw it on the ground and stomp on it until I am breathless ...
 I recently broght the software from target . when i upgraded to xp pro my Roxio no longer worked . not wanting to pay $ 50 for roxio i decided to go cheaper . I have now wasted more money on CD-R that the program has messed up . I will now have to go and buy a more expencive but much more reliable piece of software . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO N'T BUY THIS !!! IT SHOULD HAVE -50 STARS !
 I to got burnt by this lousy software . The program crashes alot . I to feel like I just threw away good money . I wish instead of trying to save some money I would have went with the original software program I wanted , Sure Thing by Microvision .
 Disappointing software and even more disappointing customer service . `` Burn and Go '' would not recognize my CD Burner . I emailed Iomega customer service and they said I should wait until they updated the drivers on their web site , then download them . They could not give me ETA when they would get around to updating my driver . They also could not authorize a refund , but they gave me an 800 phone number . When I phoned Iomega they said they would not authorize a refund because I did n't buy directly from Iomega.Thank God the retailer where I purchased `` Burn and Go '' gave me a store credit after I showed them the e-mail and explained the circumstances.Not the 1st time with problems with products from Iomega . No more Iomega products for me .
 This program is a complete waste of time . I tried installing it twice . The first time ; it hung my computer up so badly , I had to pull the plug out of the wall to shut it off . When I finally got the computer working , it would n't recognize my D
 I got this program , having more than 30 gig free on my hard drive . I tried to partition a part of it to add another OS , and it had an error in the middle of it , and now even my original OS will not work . THIS PRODUCT IS CRAP . Anyone thinking of purchasing it ... think again , and be prepared for a migrane .
 I bought it and used it will a dell laptop and everytime I used the convert NTFS to Fat utility in the partition menu it disabled the whold system commander installation and I had to reformat the hard disk with NT to even reinstall system commander .
 I purchased disk commander to be installed on my Windows XP machines with NTFS partitions . The software immediatly will hide any non-booting partitions from Windows , that are not recoverabe via Windows XP.Thus I lost a drive and all its data . Luckily , I had made boot disk number 2 and was able to get it back . Note , during this process , I ran out and bought Partition Magic that doesnt have these hokie issues.ANyway , getting the drive back was not as easy as this sounds , since the software didnt tell me it was hiding a partition , it took me a day or so of panic to figure out what the software did.I dont recommend this to anyone that are using Multiple NTFS partitions . In fact , I have ` circular filed ' this app and now use partition magic .
 Despite the fact that I have been up to my navel in PC technology for many years , and have previously used several types of multi-OS multi-boot systems , and despite having seen this product on several systems along the way , I never used it until recently.Oh the pain ! Oh the suffering ! Oh the sorrow!I do n't know how this product came to be number one in it 's field , for it surely does it 's job very badly.It eventually does everything it claims to do . But before that happens , it makes you stand on your head atop a blue moose every Tuesday.The user interface is very pretty and totally useless in terms of information given . If something does n't boot correctly -LRB- almost sure to happen during setup -RRB- it only presents terse little mesages like `` Error detected , process stopped '' and absolutely nothing to give you a clue about what went wrong.The built in `` wizards '' should be called `` court jesters '' instead . If something goes wrong in an install the `` wizard '' does n't undo or leave a bookmark , but just leaves the mess on your drive for you to clean up manually . It never even tells you that it did that , and your fisrt indication is when after several retries , it tells you there is n't any space left on your drive.If a 1000 monkeys typing for 1000 years will eventually produce a work of Shakespeare , it must have taken only 10 monkeys about 10 years to produce the manual for this product . Everything you need to know to make this product work is IN the manual , but it is so poorly organized , so horribly laid out , that you must read the manual from front to back and take your own notes before you can use this product with any comfort and attempt to debug any problems . No explaination of menu choices organized by menu , no explaination of utility options organized by utility , no explaination of errors indexed by error codes or types . The manual seems to be laid out as a brain dump , with items covered in the order that someone thought to include it.Tech support at the V-Com web site is a joke , with `` kiddie '' FAQs covering the most elemental questions -LRB- `` Can I use the Windows version on my Mac ? '' type stuff -RRB- and a truely meager symptom-fix database with a search engine that seems to have a vocabulary of less than 100 words -LRB- i.e. , returns like `` no hits found on the word `` unix '' , please try again '' -RRB- Bottom line - you can make this product do what it claims to do - which is why I give it a mighty two stars - but prepare for some loss of sleep and hair , and be double sure to have all your data backed up first , because you will surely lose some learning how this works .
 I hit two nasty bugs quickly after installing and using this software
 Please , do n't buy this if you want to add DOS to a computer with XP . I used their Partition tool to create free space for DOS . When I installed DOS through their OS wizard , it moved my XP partition and all of it 's data . Now , XP does n't fully boot up . I had to reformat my NTFS partition and reinstall XP . If I had known this , I would n't have bought the software . On Microsoft support website , they tell you how to install dos , then XP , and have it dual boot . So , save your money .
 Having lost half of my hard drive , what can I say ... I 'm now back to good ole ME and the heck with ... an XP , ME combo ... I only have 9 . out of the 18.0 drive left so even if I 'm to blame for half of it , ... this product is still ... not too easy to use ... so , now what ?
 Toast V6 installed easily and runs as expected . However , on my system , it refuses to COPY any kind of CD or DVD . -LRB- Copy protection is not involved . -RRB- For my purposes it is almost useless . I will now avoid buying software advertised on the web as -LSB- Old Version -RSB- .
 The order never arrived and the seller -LRB- Reduction mart -RRB- at the number provided , only a full voice mail box and no return call from pageing . A total rip-off ! Thanks for nothing Amazon !
 I AGREE WITH THE GUY WHO WROTE THIS
 I was excited to upgrade from Studio 8 to Studio 9 , but in doing so , most of the original transitions that I had were now considered `` pro '' or `` pro plus '' . I also find this program harder to use instead of easier . I tried to contact the Pinnacle people but never received a response . I do n't understand how a company can take away something that I already had on a previous version . I plan on uninstalling 9 and reinstalling 8 to see if I can get all my original transitions back . Even my previous movies now have watermarks of `` Pro '' or `` Pro Plus '' on them ! Another example of Company Greed ! Do n't waste your money .
 I 've gone through hell with version 8 , although for a brief time I was able to work around the problems and cut a DVD that actually worked . But the lastest -LRB- and last -RRB- `` upgrade '' of v8 hangs whenever I use a DVD menu - any menu . Other users are reporting the same.Support is non-existent because it 's `` automated '' and no help at all . Worst of all is the absence of any mention whatsoever of many common problems on their site - so you think you 're alone in this problem and it must be your fault and you kill yourself trying to work a bug that you simply are n't going to get around . Many people ca n't get a DVD out at all with the v9 , and are sadly waiting for a new version.I say
 The STUDIO 9 upgrade is riddled with problems . I have had STUDIO 8 for some time and it worked fine so I upgraded to STUDIO 9 and the installation problems are a nightmare to start with -LRB- although I eventually got it installed -RRB- , then there are the patches they put out which makes it almost impossible to add CD music to your video . You now have to rip CD music as . wav files and add them through the sound effects icon instead of the add CD feature which worked well with STUDIO 8 . -LRB- ... -RRB- Good Luck if you get the upgrade !!!! I would wait until the bugs are ironed out .
 I am happy that Robert Wright has had such good luck with Pinnacle Studio . I have not and , judging by reviews at places like ZDNet , the kind of problems I have had are more typical.The project I am struggling with now is just under 40 minutes long . It has 303 scenes in the story board , most of which are from 5 to 20 seconds in length . Simply loading the project hangs the system . I started it yesterday and waited . And waited . And waited . After 12 hours the project still had not loaded . The WinXP Task Manager said Studio.exe was using 99 % of the CPU . It takes nearly 7 minutes -LRB- each time -RRB- to kill the program . I can make Studio 8 hang every time simply by selecting `` open project . `` I have tried splitting the large project into smaller projects . Whatever causes the problem was propagated into the smaller projects . Three of four hang my system . The PC I am using is a 2.6 GHz Intel Celeron with 1gig memory and two 80gig hard drives , running WinXP Home SP1 . This configuration is far above Pinnacle 's minimum configuration.It is entirely possible that the type of editing that Mr. Wright is doing does not invoke the many bugs I keep running into . I seriously encourage people considering buying anything from Pinnacle Systems to search a bit and read user reviews before making a decision . It may save them the time and money I seem to have wasted on Pinnacle Systems .
 Check out Pinnacle 's customer support forum BEFORE buying this software . Tech support is saying `` we will be fixing the installation and ops problems in version 9.1 ... . but we have no idea when that will be released . '' The other reviewers are right on . This is a company that knows how to sell , then sell extra `` features '' , upgrade you like crazy -LRB- read
 I spent $ 150 on Studio 8 and the Dazzle 150 . The box - and salesman at CompUsa - indicated this was the easiest package to burn discs from my old VHS home videotapes . Well , one week , about 30 hours , and a lot of wasted DVD 's later ... I 'M TAKING IT BACK . Turns out there are a host of well-documented problems in the software/hardware that make it almost impossible to accomplish my simple task
 I must agree with most of the other reviews that have found problems with the studio products.I have managed to produce some DVDs and VCDs but I find I am always fighting against the bugs and crashes that occur on most projects created.Setting up DVD menus is impossible.Adding a soundtrack causes crashes.Every 3 months I upgrade my version . This solvs a couple of bugs and creates several other problems.The last download I had to manually rename the dlls.The time before I downloaded a 10MB patch that failed to install.The product has lots of potentially good features let down by poor delivery .
 About six months ago , I purchased Studio 8 with a bonus of a FX add-on disk . The bonus disk was not readable . After hours of emails back and forth and several promises to replace that disk , I still have n't received satisfaction . I even got hold of a real person once who promised to send a replacement but like all previous promises , this one was n't kept.If you want to buy dissatisfaction , Studio 9 is the product for you !
 If your goal is to edit short videos , less than 10 minutes long , Pinnacle software may work for you . If you are more ambitious you should look for other software . Even with a fast machine with lots of memory , my copy of Studio hangs up frequently . -LRB- It was the first program that ever forced me to hard boot on Windows XP home SP1 . -RRB- I found dozens of minor bugs the first time I used the software.Pinnacle 's idea of `` customer support '' is e-mail , usually 24-48 hours after the request . It 's often a form letter referring you to their online help.There are other PC video editing packages that work much better and cost about the same . Please do n't take my word for it either ! Search some of the independent sites like ZDNet and see what others have written about Pinnacle Studio.By the way , I rated Studio 1 star only because Amazon wo n't let me enter none !
 I had Studio 8 and enjoyed it . I moved to studio 9 and hate it . There are lots of bugs too many to mentions . There Quality Assurance and marketing department has done a horrible product release that is full of bugs !!!! My suggestion is stick with studio 8 if you have it . Otherwise go buy another competitor product.Good Luck
 My review is for the full version 9 , not the upgrade , but they should be the same . I had so many problems with version 8 , but I made the mistake of hoping version 9 would be better . WRONG.The good
 DO NOT BUY IT . this program designs some code to protect it from software piracy . however , it locks customers . when i register it , i got a message telling me i got invalid serial number -LRB- i am sure i key in the correct code -RRB- . and there are too much code to deal with , so i still got some function locked even though i contact the service center for help.there are many substitude DV programs , so do not get it .
 ACTAUL RATEING IS - ***** -LRB- thats MINUS 5 stars -RRB- TWO times dealing with Pinnacle , and I feel I need a lawyer to take them to court . They KNOWINGLY sell DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS ! AND DECEIVE CLIENTS WILLFULLY !!! They wrote a program and it 's got too many bugs to fix so they make it look as if they are fixing bugs and that there is only a few minor ones , but there ARE NOT VERY MANY COMPANIES AND PROGRAMS OUT THERE THAT HAVE AS MANY BAD COSTOMER REVIEWS POSTED ALL OVER THE INTERNET >> >> DO A SEARCH FOR `` BOYCOTT PINNACLE '' or `` WARNINGS ABOUT PINNACLE STUDIO '' or any other similar input to google or what ever , on all the sites your going to find the same sort of thing , but one page I did find which must have been a paid page by pinnacle , said they think `` the bugs must be confined user spacific '' claiming they had no problem at all , BS , not user spacific if it 's rates 90 out 100 user coments on thousands of sites as BAD NEWS !!!!! I think I know the company they used to work at , there was some other graphics software out for win3 and it had tons of problems too , like unable to reinstall , crashing and hanging , crashing windows so bad a reformatting was needed ... I just remembered , there seems to be a connection to that old one and Canon and this new one and Canon , not in documentation as being connected but the software was bundled in with the same lies , full working version of xxxxxxx , then you install it and find bugs and also find its a limited use version if you want any of the feathures you thought you were getting you had pay EXTRA THROUGH THE NOSE FOR MORE GARBAGE ... JUNKWARE ... JUNKWARE ... JUNKWARE ... JUNKWARE ... JUNKWAREWhat do you call a company like this ? & iquest ; ?
 I really wish there was a different method for selecting the value for the various data fields , such as date of manufacturer or purchase date . Overall the software looked decent.I wanted to be able to just enter an exact date , but could not do that.Instead the software forces you to use a calendar pop up and scroll through it , month by month , until you get to the particular year , month you want and then select a date.I have C&R ; firearms that are older than 50 years old , I was n't about to sit here and scroll back through the calendar a minimum of 600 months to go back 50 + years for the particular date I needed to use.After I discovered that this was the method of entering dates while trying to add my first item into the collection list , I deinstalled the software out of frustration and I 'm now looking for something better .
 Buy something else.Intuit Turbotax 2002 included a non-optional program called `` C-Dilla '' . That program was supposed to be a DRM -LRB- Digital Rights Management -- anti-piracy -RRB- program , but is a particularly nasty form of spyware / malware that may be difficult or impossible to remove from your system.In the 2002 version of TurboTax , a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users , which led to Intuit/TurboTax 's somewhat apologizing for C-Dilla , and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you 'd uninstalled TurboTax2002 . -LRB- The original uninstaller did n't remove C-Dilla . -RRB- Why dislike C-Dilla ? Here 's why.Here 's a quote from extremetech.com . -LRB- ExtremeTech & sister publication PC Magazine 're industry leaders . You 've probably heard of their most famous writer , John C. Dvorak . -RRB- This 's from one of many articles there about TurboTax / C-Dilla . -LRB- Intuit-TurboTax-2002 's C-Dilla was n't different from other versions of C-Dilla . It just got alot of attention because TurboTax * was * very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it . -RRB- From the article : `` Likely the biggest problem users have expressed , is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology . People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner , and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded . And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations . -LRB- PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good , the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove . `` In short , C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for anyone to avoid this product until Intuit promises that C-Dilla is NOT a part of the current Intuit TurboTax offering . Be safe ... buy something else instead . If you 're planning on using this product at work , forget it ... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you 're installing destructive trojan/spyware -LRB- C-Dilla -RRB- on the company PCs . If you 've already installed this software on a PC at work , let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY , so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla . AFAIK , CDilla probably sets itself up on an undeclared , self-created partition and parts of itself on your main boot partition . Yes , that means it goes in and changes your hdd partition table !!! For some users , that 's going to be a big problem , because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea ... particularly if you are at a company with a reasonably security/safety-conscious network administrator , or have several partitions dedicated to several flavors of operating system -LRB- Windows and Linux , for example ... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot -RRB- . You can search extremetech.com to find several TurboTax CDilla articles , and informative users ' discussions about C-Dilla , what it does , why folks dislike it intensely , whether it can be removed from a PC ...
 This dictionary is very , very basic . A much better dictionary is already built into Word 2007 . This dictionary gives five one-sentence definitions for the word `` blue , '' and several phrases with the word `` blue '' in them . My hard copy unabridged dictionary has nine definitions of the word `` blue , '' and each of these definitions is several sentences long , plus many , many phrases containing the word `` blue '' that are completely missing from the CD-ROM . I uninstalled the dictionary , and plan to give it away , though I do n't know who would want it .
 As an IT pro I have tried this program on numerous occasions and it has never once been able to recover anything valuable . Like all the other useless undelete programs I have tried , it 's great at finding totally irrelevant temp files or other debris from several months or years ago , but completely worthless when attempting to salvage a meaningful file deleted an hour ago.Not worth one penny . Manual backups are the only reliable way I have found to protect data . Do n't waste your time on this junk - the only thing more frustrating than losing a significant file is dealing with a program that claims to be able to recover it but just winds up dealing in false promises and bogus hopes .
 I have n't even owned this program for an hour and it has given me exactly what I can see from the `` trial '' - the names of all the files that I have lost or that were accidentally deleted . I guess the promises are true - it does FIND lost or deleted files , however you can not open them ! Mine are excel files , and excel will either not open them because they are corrupt , or because it does not recognize the file extension . Trying to open them in Notepad only shows gibberish ! Save your money and back up your files !
 I purchased OmniOutliner 3 to prepare outline notes for five 1-hour seminars and so far it 's OK , but not great . The first time I used it , the program did what I expected and provided an outline format with the standard letters and numbers , but the next time , it defaulted to no numbering or lettering for the sections and subsections . I had to set them up one by one . That made the outliner a bit of a pain to use . Perhaps there 's a way to do that , but no `` Quick Start Guide '' came with the software to explain the basics of outline setup and use.I also found the default font very small and had to increase it to 20 points before it became readable to my `` old '' eyes . The font sizes given in the outliner do not match those you find in a normal word-processor . The outliner 20-point font comes close to 12 - or 14-point type in a `` real '' document.I wanted to select several sections of text to use color to emphasize key points , but Omnioutliner lets users choose only one contiguous section at a time . That makes for a lot of work . The drag and drop does not work . If you want to move text to an area below the bottom of the Omnioutliner window , the window does not scroll up . Parts of some menus are in a foreign language , Spanish , perhaps ? If you paste a URL into OmniOutliner , you get a hot link . The software lacks a way to include a complete URL as text rather than as a link . I want to copy from OmniOutliner and paste URLs in PowerPoint or Keynote , but that appears impossible . For now I 'll use this software but have my eyes out for something with better basic capabilities .
 I was required to purchase this for an MBA class and it was worthless ! It was hard to figure out how to use , did n't have the business type we were needing and kept locking up my laptop . I should have gone with my gut instinct and not even bothered purchasing this .
 If you need easy to use , well composed Linux distro take Ubuntu , Kubuntu , Fedora , OpenSuSe or debian . This distro has no much to offer , plays as trojan and way thinner than better developed distros . Do n't waste your time with his one . If you need start fast get Ubuntu and it offers MUCH MORE for MUCH LESS !
 This software is demos only . You ca n't save anything or do anything with the designs . You 're basically just paying for a sales pitch . The seller I bought if from did n't seem to know this and offered me a full refund , including shipping , so my poor rating is for the software , not the seller .
 Just a crummy sales pitch not even worth a postage stamp to send it out , vender sent full refund , they did not know . I hung the cd in my fruit tree to scare off the birds , only use I could think off for it . Do n't be fooled by the picture with the pretty butterfly !
 I recived a very thin design cd - as I took it out of container it cracked all over-very thin cd - I have written seller twice and no answer-Poor ethic !!!!
 Do you like using hardware that is n't compatible with the software?Do you enjoy pulling out your hair?Is it about time you had a yelling fit?Do you need a new prank to play on yourself?If you answer yes to any of the above questions , then this product is for you ! Yes , sirree , ladies and gentlemen . If you enjoy the frustrations involved in having a wonderful hardware product that does n't work quite right with the software that comes with it , then I highly recommend this product.On initial installation , everything works great . Even the software , although somewhat lagging , gave me satisfactory video and audio quality . The interface was very user friendly , and offered many options . I had no problems.However , upon using it the second time , the product accuses me of copyright infringement , saying `` that is a copyright movie , and will not be recorded . '' This was completely ridiculous considering I was trying to capture some simple analog video from a Hi8 camera -- the very same camera I used last time!And that 's not all , folks ! There are even more ways you can shell out even more money to this company after paying for this product
 I was kind in giving it two stars since the Editing may work well , I do n't know - never got that far . The Capture is terrible . They give you two capture options , PowerDirector and AD FullCap.I got almost an hour into capturing my Hi-8mm analog ` home movie ' tape using PowerDirector when an error popped up about the tape being ` copyright protected ' and it stopped recording . The support FAQ on their site claimed in one Q&A ; that `` legal liability of introducing a technology that would allow an end user to copy a work they do not own would be the responsibility of the manufacturer of said technology . `` Yet then they tell you in another Q&A ; '' ... the protection feature was set to on , on the camcorder that recorded the original tapes . If so , make your capture in AD FullCap and save your file ... Once you have our file saved , you can import it into Power Director . '' What happened to their legal responsibility ? Anyway , I tried the capture from AD FullCap and it just did not work . Frames were jittery and frozen up as it recorded , and the audio was slurred , regardless of the different settings I tried.Another feature that is lacking over the USB is camera control . I owned Pinnacle a few years back . It had some minor issues , but I liked how you could start/stop/pause the camera right from within the software . I may be going back to the newer release of Pinnacle after this.It takes tremendous CPU and I/O resources . I have a P4 2.8 Ghz w/512MB RAM . I even installed a second disk drive -LRB- small 40GB at 7200 RPM -RRB- as recommended by them to capture to . Still , it just does n't cut it.And more frustrating than the software itself is the Support ! The other review on here nailed it about the fax . I emailed my issues , and wait on average 3 days for a response . And even then , they may not answer your question right away . It 's shameful actually.Yet the reviews of this product when I read them on different sites were very good . Maybe they own Cray Supercomputers to run it on.If you decide to buy and try , I 'd love some feedback on here if you find workarounds to these issues -LRB- would be faster than their Support -RRB- .
 Audio and video were out of synch . Could n't use the Studio to import due to `` copyright protection '' even from my video camera on video that I taped . Had to use ADS to import and then you lose the automatic color correction.Files it creates are WAY to big . I returned it.Stay away ... I am still looking .
 Well I am returning this item because it was defective . Support was non existent -LRB- fax a question to support and wait for an answer ? I do n't think so -RRB- . I checked the reviews first and thought I would n't have issues but this was not the case . The video conversion was poor and things were not as intuitive as I would have thought . DVD burning just did not work . I tried it in my computer after burning -LRB- I have a Dimension xps with 2GB Ram -RRB- and could n't play it on my new DVD player either . It 's a shame as I could n't find anything else . It got a good review on CNET or PCmag but I ca n't see how this could be the case .
 This product has to many situations in which it would not work and not enough that would work . The tech support was all email . That is OK however , you try a fix and wait on the next email . I did not buy this product to have problems . I bought it to use . I returned it and used another product that worked out of the box .
 While it does what it might , it does so just barely . I wasted $ 100
 This item was returned for refund because I ordered the wrong item.This item consisted mostly of cables of which already had plenty.I can not really say much about this item since I returned it for refund .
 I was looking for a good video capture device and someone said Turtle Beach . I 've read a lot of really bad reviews on a lot of products.I checked with Turtle Beach to see if they had anything good to say and when I clicked on their 64bit support I got this . `` 64-bit drivers for Windows 7 and Windows Vista are available for the following products
 The hardware is quite convenient and does a good job of capturing video and stills for my purposes . However , the provided software is flaky and buggy . Also , I recently reformatted my machine and redownloaded the software from the vendor site , but needed two -LRB- two !! -RRB- different serial numbers to activate the software , both of which were on the original packaging which I had long since misplaced/lost/thrown away . The fact that I actually own the device was meaningless when I contacted their support . So I broke down and purchased different authoring/capture software which works 200 % better than theirs , but now my cost for capturing has doubled . There are better solutions out there than this one , particularly given the lack of support/help from Turtle Beach .
 This product would not even install on my Windows XP PC , does not pass Windows certification , asks for old Windows files and to make things really bad there is no telephone number listed anywhere in their manual or website for support ... buyer beware !!
 The capture software , Ad FullCap , requires a serial number different from the product ID # in order to open and run it . That number is not supplied in some packages , and you must e-mail tech support and wait for them to e-mail you back the number . Had there been any notice of this requirement , I would have e-mailed them before I wanted to capture video , instead of wasting the weekend I 'd cleared to do the the project .
 I have windows vista and this product does not now nor does it plan to be compatable in the future . I tried to use it on a frinds computer and it did not work and was difficult to navigate through .
 This has got to have the worst manual I have ever tried to use . I gave this a 2 star instead of zero or one because I 'm sure there 's lots of things I have n't made use of or figured out yet . Even though I 've been trying for several days . A step by step of capture , edit , render would be nice . It tells you the general idea of how everything works -LRB- with no logical order -RRB- and you have to play around to eventually figure it out . I do n't think it 's possible to even see what the visual effect of a transition is without a long render time.I 'm usually a very hands-on learner that does n't require manuals . But this leaves you floundering , then the manual and help just give you bits and pieces to help you flounder just a little less until you eventually figure it out -LRB- maybe -RRB- . Very disappointed .
 Absolute junk . That about sums it up . I paid ... for Movie DV + which includes a fire wire card . - The card does n't work . My operating system ca n't even see it . - The MPEG-1 and MPEG-2 compilers lock up my computer whenever I try to use them - The AVI compilers work as long as you do n't try to join more than 2 clips at a time . Any more and the computer blue screens . - The `` User Forum '' on AIST 's web site is a broken link . - I sent an E-mail asking for help and never got a reply.Do yourself a favor and download Multiquence from Goldwave.com . It does n't have as many bells and whistles , but is rock stable .
 If you buy this program be sure your backup files are current . I had all the system requirement as specified but the install program ended abnormally and corrupted my system . I ultimately had to reformat my hard drive and reinstall my operating system and all my other programs . I would give this product zero stars if I could .
 To put it simply , it ; s a piece of junk . The installation was complicated , and it totally messed up my computer when I finally got it to work . Ever since I had this software on my computer , every time I plug in my camcorder , I need to re-install the MovieDV software AND my camcorder software . After only 3 or 4 uses , I gave up on the whole thing completely .
 I guess I realy ca n't say that this software -LSB- is bad -RSB- , as I ca n't even use it , and forget about any kind of support . I picked up this software on Monday March 25th , installed it , and registered it Monday as well . I spent about 40 minutes making a killer movie , using most of the features that the software boasts , then it came time to save it , and it crashed , it will NOT save . So I went to the Roxio/MGI support page , and in order to get phone support you must BUT it . So I opted for free email support . Well , in order to send the email form you need a registration code that Roxio/MGI emails you after you register the software . Well , the code finaly came on wednesday March 27th -LRB- 2 days later -RRB- , and they asked me to send log files to them wich I did that night , and have done twice more since then , and all I have received have been Auto-responder emails , saying that someone will contact me . Today is April 11th -LRB- 18 days later -RRB- , and I have heard NOTHING , and my software STILL DOES NOT WORK ! I have received NO Help from tech support , and the store will not take it back , since the box has been opened ... I recomend you buy ANYTHING BUT Cinematic ...
 just installed mix VERY BUGGY !! AMD k6 Athlon 950 mhz , msimotherboard , nvidia geforce , win 2k pro . Have nero burning rom , satisfactory with short comings . problems encountered with mix - RESOURCE HOG , visualizer in full screen random locks up and freezes control devices such as mouse and esc key . Must ctrl alt del and key scroll to restart - reboot system to solve . ca n't end task must reboot . VERY ANNOYING . connecting to internet drastically slowed with player running . Do Not Like how icons are replaced with file associations selected , de-select -LRB- un-check box -RRB- and icons are not restored properly - outlines with no colors . Un install and icons are still not returned to original state , indicating registry corruption . Tried using tweakui rebuild icon - did n't repair.Volume contol now does not use default ding wav with corresponding level to indicate how loud speakers will play , now just gives error boop wav . Does not normalize volume so tracks from different sources have different volume level , requires constant adjusting . VERY ANNOYING . Wish I had not installed . Very disappointed NOT HAPPY . It Now appears that the only way to get my pc back to how it was before NeroMix is to format and reinstall all my programs and files . ... Why do so many program designers -LRB- esp . microsoft -RRB- release programs long before they will run with just a few glitches vs with major problems . Got ta be greed cause sure do have plenty o cash already ! WILL RECOMMEND AVOID INSTALLING MIX TO ALL END USERS.Signed NOT HAPPY & VERY ANNOYED
 I bought this software looking simply to burn different audio formats to audio cds , a simple task right ? Not for Nero Mix ... Nero Mix is -LSB- in my opinion -RSB- essentially a. . . copy of Microsoft Media Player with fancy graphics and a horrid `` Winamp '' style interface that conforms to no known windows conventions . After 20 minutes , I am style trying to figure out how get to the part where I can look for my mp3 's in a directory and compile them onto a cd . I read a review that said there is crossfading and removal of the 2 second pauses but could only find an option to GLOBALLY remove the pauses and not mix them on a track by track bassis . I can find nothing on crossfading , so much for mixes . The worst part is you ca n't just select files off your hard disk , you have to make your mixes out of their `` Playlists '' . Also when ripping wave files off of audio cd 's it lists them as `` Track 1 '' even though it gathered the info from CDDB . Everything about this software -LSB- is bad -RSB- so far and I am done messing with it . Buyer beware , you ca n't return software , no matter how hard it bites ...
 Not made for the true ` Internet dummy ' . Not helpful !
 All I know is I bought this item , it installed fine in Windows 2000 and then my laptops battery went dead , I mean DEAD ! Would n't hold a charge at all and it was only 4 months old . My thinking is this card stays energized at all times and excessively loaded the battery .
 Whatever you do please stay away from this terrible piece of software . There is no longer support on it any longer as the company has closed up shop.The product is extremely difficult to use and very cumbersome . The only reason to buy this kit is to get the firewire card that is included for your laptop.The software is no good .
 I like the design of Photoshop Elements , but once you get more than a few thousand photos into it , it starts to slow down , eat memory and get into very long lag times . The main reason to not buy Adobe Photoshop Elements though , is that Google has a program that is very similar in design , but much better made . It 's called Picasa and best of all , it 's free . -LRB- Do a Google Search for `` Picasa '' -RRB- Premier Elements however , is aweful . I hope someone can recommend a good alternative because Premier Elements is about as good as a car that does n't steer very well and is missing the brakes.I forgave Adobe when it did n't run on an Athlon XP , even though this CPU is not that old ... I installed it on a new Core II Duo Dell laptop to get around that.I forgave partly when I lost hours of work to a crash that should n't have happened ... The crash was due to an Adobe bug , but I had to take some blame for failing to save . I was surprised to find that auto save was set to the default 10 minutes though , as it sure seemed like I lost more than that.So , I set the auto-save to 5 minutes ... In fact , I started seeing the `` Saving '' progress bar start showing up about every 5 minutes . Then it crashed again today . . I thought I was covered , but after relaunching all my work was lost . Again , I though maybe I was doing something wrong . So I looked in the folder structure and found an `` Auto-Saves '' folder . It even had some very recent `` project files '' . But guess what ... I opened the most recent of them and found that none of my changes for today were there.So aside from the unnecessarily complicated user interface , slow performance , and severe instability -LRB- all shown to be Adobe 's fault by testing on multiple systems with no difference in behavior -RRB- , this software will also throw out hours of your work after pretending to let you save it.This is so bad that I am going to take another serious look at finding valid alternatives for my other Adobe software . I used to think Abode was one of the better companies . But this shows that they are willing to release dangerous junk ... How can I ever trust them again ?
 I never recieved this item I purchased.Wrote so many e-mails and the seller never responded . Even called and no one called me back . I WILL NEVER do business with them again ! I am very disappointed and desire greatly a full refund of $ 25.94 !
 It might be my computer , but I was n't able to get it to work . Apparently it is not windows vista compatible . Thank you , Beth Jones
 I did not buy this product intentionally . I was in a major chain store and it was on clearance , so I thought it would be a great Mother 's Day Gift . The packaging was impressive as to what you could do for around ten bucks . When I opened it to start my project the software was not included . I double checked the package and it did state the software was supposed to be there . There was no evidence that the package had been opened and it was clearly sealed by the factory . I remembered that in the store there were about 10 kits on clearance , so beware I guess that the software is in the package ! I plan to contact the company to see if they can send me the disk . The paper and covering appears to be of high quality .
 I expected it to be much better than the much cheaper 3DHome Architect from the same software developers but it was not . I am now I am stuck with it . Should be $ 39.95 and not $ 99.00 . I bought it thinking that it was more like the Home Designer Pro , which I bought a previous version of it 4 years ago but they do n't support any longer .
 This is just an advertisement for a doc management system . Adding your commercial as a 5 star rating is disingenuous .
 What a great idea for a product ; what a pity Freeverse bungled everything . Comic Life does n't do much , and what it does is difficult to figure out . Also , there 's this problem that the product tends not to work . -LRB- Just try to grab the little corner icon . I dare you . -RRB- Comic Life supplies basic comic books panels , a few balloons and a single comic book font . And that is it !!!! No art or help creating comics - nothing . The single star is for the basic idea . A MAJOR disappointment !!!!
 not the best in the world but the worst !!
 What attracted me to this originally was the downloadable boot CD ... which I needed due to a serious hardware failure to my hard drive.I created the bootable CD without problems and it ran as advertised . The software ran for hours ... then finally when it was done , it indicated it found over 150,000 files ... Great I thought until I tried to recover them.First the software said I could only restore 100 files at a time with this version . Okay I thought , I will just select a 100 at a time ... but . . what happens is the software will state , for example , that it found `` 110 . doc '' file types ... but since its over the 100 limit , you ca n't restore them . Plue , it does n't provide a breakdown of the 110 so you ca n't select up to 100 files ... Additionally when I tried to save just one tiny file ... I was told there was no space anywhere to save it ... I also got a message saying I needed to upgrade to the Professional or administrator level ... but they do n't offer this level for this product ... So ... I am trying to get a refund ... Not recommended - waste of time and money
 I bought this program two months before my scheduled SAT test date in May . At first , it worked pretty good . The intros were a little annoying , and the jokes were hardly funny , but I think it helped me learn more about the SAT and the program was customized to focus on my difficulties . So I give Kaplan 2 points for helping me with that.HOWEVER , there is a big catch to this program , and I suggest all of you potential buyers take a close look at the fine print . THIS PROGRAM DOES NOT SUPPORT WINDOWS XP HOME EDITION ... I even checked the Kaplan website to see if it was XP compatible , and it said `` Windows 95 or higher , '' so I figured it was okay . Well , after I was finished with the program and I already took my SAT , I uninstalled the program . BIG MISTAKE ! Since then , I have not been able to run the program successfully . I even used the Program Compatibility Wizard to try to run the program in Windows 95 , Windows Me/98 , and Windows 2000 , but it STILL did not work ... Especially a reference tool . I am sure Kaplan had very good intentions , but they obviously have n't considered us new XP users . There is no patch to fix this problem . Please reconsider , and search for a reference program that is certified to work with Windows XP.P.S ... Problem
 First of all , I must point out
 I have only used the GMAT portion of this product , so that is all I can speak about . The software has so many problems that it is difficult to get anything meaningful out of it . I 'm not a genius , but I am an electrical engineer and usually do pretty good with computers . During tests , the window will sometimes move partially off the screen so that you ca n't see the whole question , and will not move back . The reading comprehension sections omit words and sentances . In the math section , pictures and symbols will be distorted so that you can not read them . Worst off , I spent 31/2 hours taking a full length practice GMAT , but when I went to review the answers , due to some glitch the program would only let me look at the first question . Its hard to learn when you ca n't see what you 've done right and wrong . I did , by the way , load this program on two different computers , so I do n't think my system is causing the problems . Oh , and if the companion palm software is a big point for you -LRB- as it was for me -RRB- , do n't be fooled . It consists of one hundered math problems , many of which give the wrong answer -LRB- yes - I checked my math with others to make sure I was n't wrong - in fact , the frequency of wrong answers became a bit of a joke among my coworkers who were all trying to study on work time -RRB- . All in all , it is difficult to learn anything when the software does n't work half the time , and when it does you ca n't be sure about the correctness of the answers . I 've had better luck with the Princton Review book and software , though they tend to dumb down the material a bit , and their online services are n't nearly as useful as they claim when you buy the book .
 I also own the 2002 version . I planned on taking the GMAT several months ago but , due to recent world events , I had to deploy overseas just before my test date . Now that I 've been out of `` study-mode '' for 8 months , I thought Kaplan 's latest version would be a good way to build upon the 2002 version.WRONG!At least for the GMAT portion of this package , the introductory test and lessons are no different than the ones on the 2002 version . I do n't know if the GRE or LSAT tests are different , but the GMAT IS EXACTLY THE SAME!Save yourself ... and buy the 2002 version - it 's worth 5-stars .
 If it was designed better . First , during lessons , there is this annoying voice over talking all the time . You can not concentrate on reading . Then , the program is trying to be ... funny . What for ? GMAT is not a comedy . I want to study not laugh . Next - the lessons are designed very badly . You really can not learn from them at all.There is a room on the market for a good GMAT software , hopefully someone will make it . This is not it , thats for sure .
 I have n't been able to use it on my system . I do n't have any problems with any other software . No support from the vendor is available . Save your money !
 I do n't see why people buy anything fromKaplan , Princeton Review , and Barron 's etc.when they can purchase the actual tests.Each one of these `` prep '' tests are differentin some shape or form from the real test.Usually the questions are as not well thoughtout as in the actual tests . Many times theyare more complicated or less complicated than required.I ca n't think of one reason to buy their products .
 I really like what Norton/Symantec wants to do . We need some tools to stop adware , spyware , popups etc etc. . But I think Norton is going about it totally wrong.Firstly they have a default list of blocks/permits which I think have been really badly chosen . Legitimate sites just do n't work now.Its totally crazy that a whole range of sites do n't work when NIS is on . There also is no clear cut method for legitimate website developers to build around NIS because they seem to change their concept all the time.NIS inserts javascript into every page that you open and often it inserts it in the wrong place and therefore gives errors on the browser . This will make some pages not open or not behave correctly.If it works badly most of the time , I 'd rather just turn it off . Then if I anyway leave it turned off ... I 'd rather just uninstall it . If I 've uninstalled it ... why pay and buy the damn thing in the first place.Guys at Norton ... . You 've built great products in the past but this one is just nuts .
 Having read the reviews on Amazon , I went against everything logical , and ordered 4 licenses of NIS for computers at my place of work . You see , I 've been a loyal customer of Norton Antivirus/Firewall for the last several years , and have always been happy with the product.Alas , I should have known better . One of the machines that I attempted to install this abomination on crashed 3-4 times during the installation , and a couple of times during the consequent Live Update session . Another machine -LRB- mine -RRB- crashed once or twice during Live Update . Additionally , I spent almost an entire day trying to get SSL to work over SMTP . The traditional approach has been to disable scanning of outgoing messages . Apparently , Symantec does n't think that 's good enough , as even with outgoing mail filtering disabled , SSL over SMTP fails miserably . I 've disabled the firewall , `` AntiSpam '' , `` Antivirus '' , even the entire suite , trying to get SSL/SMTP to work - to no avail . Some component of this asinine product keeps interfering with mail transportation - I know this , because even with all the components disabled Norton complains -LRB- with popup windows -RRB- about a `` secure email connection which is not supported '' . I 've turned symantec.com upside-down - there 's absolutely nothing about this , anywhere - short of the -LRB- useless -RRB- `` disable outgoing email scans '' . And yet , everything was fine only moments ago , with NIS 2003 . I 've now uninstalled 2005 from one of the computers - that one is fine now -LRB- though unprotected -RRB- . I 'm throwing this pile of garbage out tomorrow - I already have my copy of NIS 2003 to replace it with .
 I bought the 3-user license of the Norton Internet Security . On my PC 's and even my new Dell laptop it just refused to work
 I have been using Norton internet security software for several years ; I suppose the anti-virus and the firewall parts of their current package work OK ; certainly they never stop up-grading , almost daily , to my considerable irritation . But the `` AntiSpam '' is a joke ! I tell `` AntiSpam '' , in the `` Rules '' , to treat any e-mail with `` Rate '' , `` rate '' , `` Rates '' or `` rates '' in the `` from '' space as spam . But e-mail with these words in the `` from '' space get through ALL THE TIME . Is it so very hard to write software to check whether any of these four little words -LRB- or any four little words -RRB- are in a `` from '' space ? I could give several other examples of the total failure of Norton AntiSpam to do anything like it claims to do , involving equally simple tasks like the `` rates '' one . I use a Pentium 4 at 2.5 G with oceans of hard drive space . I think some , or all the , people at Symantec should be ashamed of themselves for foisting such a less-than-worthless hoax on us , the buyers . I say `` less-than-worthless '' because it wastes good hard drive space which could be used for better purposes , and because it suggests a false sense of security , at least for a while . If you are thinking of buying this product , please do n't . Maybe if sales go down , then Symantec will decide to try and give some value for money .
 I 've used Norton for many years with only minor annoyances and irritations , things I could live with because Norton is given high antivirus effectiveness ratings . This version taught me its time to find another . My three major issues
 TERIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE . My life is too short to deal with this c $ #p ! I only wish I had read the reviews before I bought this junkie software . I also was a loyal Norton customer . I remember using Norton utilities in the good-old days of DOS and I never had any problems . Unfortunately , I suspect that Mr. Norton has long ago sold out to Symantec and he 's on a beach somewhere . Now we have to deal with a faceless , heartless -LRB- and money grubbing -RRB- corporation . The anti-spam feature works intermittently and unreliably . Further , customer support is a JOKE . Here 's the lesson I 've learned
 There is a great deal of difficulty with installation errors especially with the Intrusion detection feature . Many of the home customers that I support are not sophisticated enough to go through the knowledge base solutions in order to fix these `` permissions '' problems . Also , sometimes they do n't even work . I have to install and reinstall the software several times without success.This is the first time in 14 years of using Norton products that I have had these problems . I am seriously considering switching to Zone Alarm Pro Security Suite .
 I am not a fan of virus protection applications in general because of the overhead it puts on the system making them slower . Immediately after installation of the Norton anti-virus application my computers were measurably slower and performance continued to deteriorate . As I replaced each computer I opted to use the products available directly from Microsoft . The Microsoft anti-virus apps do not tax the system like Norton or others that I have used and I applaud them for making their products available . I would not recommend a third party anti-virus product when Microsoft offers a &#34; Best-in-Class &#34; solution .
 Eats CPU time , slows down hard disk , no support from Norton . Switched to Avast eventually , has the same features for free and it does n't block CPU and HDD .
 I had Norton Internet Security installed on my computer when bought new 10 months ago . Shortly after running the computer it gradually slowed down and would not load things , freeze up etc. . . I thought my computer was messed up and after some trial and error , I discovered that Norton was causing my problems . I installed Computer Associates EZ trust software -LRB- which I use on my Windows XP laptop that did not experience any problems -RRB- and deleted Norton and my problems ceased . I WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND THIS PROGRAM !!! I 'm sure there are plenty of people out there who have no problem , but judging by the number of negative reviews here that they are the minority .
 I never received game . Are you still processing my request ? I 'm pretty sure I should have gotten this a few weeks ago .
 I did n't find this book very helpful in getting information on digital photos . The book trys to hard to be funny and not prctitcal .
 Bill Gates does it again when he does not allow a former or earlier version of his software programs to interface or ` communicate ' with a newer version . He has done this multiple times . EXAMPLE
 Like Microsofts ' Vista , this software is all hookum and no substances . There is no improvement over the previous Powerpoint 2003 program , which is what I hoped to find . In fact , the menu screens appear to be the only change and they have been made much harder to intuit and use.After a few days of trying this program , I gave it away to the Public Library .
 I spent the $ 40 about 2 years ago to get this because I am new to Linux and I needed to dual-boot my machine -LRB- run both windows and Linux -RRB- and I did n't know how to do that . This install CD will setup your hard-drive , do the partitioning and the dual boot for you , so you do n't have to be advanced . So that was great . I am still running this version , but the shell is missing so many typically ` traditional ' Linux utilities that I now need , such as LaTeX compilation or a FORTRAN compiler . So , I looked into upgrading it , but you can not upgrade . You can upgrade to v9 .1 , but the current version is 10 and there is no upgrade to v10 , which is now supported by Novell . So I might spend the $ 60 now to get the Novell Suse Linux , but I 'm not sure yet . I really need those compilers . So buyer beware .
 You can find all this stuff on the net for free ! I recommend Debian -LRB- www.debian.org -RRB- . It 's not the easiest to configure but it is the best -LRB- 9 CDs with all the free software out there -RRB- . If you dont want to complicate your life go for Red Hat -LRB- www.redhat.com -RRB- .
 Out of curiosity , I installed Suse 9.0 on my four-year-old computer . The installation went well
 Now that my anger of linux is past , be weary of install . Although the user guide says that partitioning of the system is a breeze , and will try to find a resonable option with current versions of Windows , do not trust it ! This is my first attempt at linux -LRB- although I have read up on it and gotten to know a bit about it -RRB- , and SuSE Linux definitely has become the deterrent of switching from Windows to Linux . After all of the supposed hype , it seems more like a psych . My vote is a thumbs down .
 Oh My Brothers , after trying to download Fedora for a month or so , decided to grab something off the shelf . Thinking Fedora was eventually a go - spent low bucks on SuSE - personal . Same box , same words as PRO , but cheaper . Decided to load over existing RedHat 6.2 - and guess what ? IT COULD NOT DETECT A LOGITECH MOUSE and left me with no option but to REBOOT - until I became bored . Should 've boughta couple cases of favorite beer instead . Spend NO bucks on SuSE - buy Slackware -LRB- same $ $ -RRB- or download from RedHat -LRB- eventually -RRB- and figure out the dependencies for thyself - it 's more rewarding than throwing good money after SuSE.laze
 I am completely dissatisfied with Suse Linux 9.0 . This product does not run on my computer although my computer -LRB- Toshiba Satellite Pro 480 CDT -RRB- is listed in Suse 's hardware database as full integrated.The installation crashed at the very first step . Suse does not keep its promises as displayed on their website concerning a 60 day free installation support . Til today I did not get any helpful advice .
 This is very difficult to install , and needless to say the monitor settings are very hard to get worked out right . Plus , you have to configure some items by the command line , eeek!Overall , I was not very happy with the product , I would recommend Windows XP Home edition , it worked perfectly !
 I believe in Linux . I was ready to switch from XP . I was excited . I found SuSE 9.0 and was ready to go . Their site had a lot of good information and encouragement , including : `` No previous experience is needed to install SUSE LINUX on any common PC - even alongside an existing Windows operating system . `` The YaST setup tool was very smooth . I followed SuSE 's recommendations , being a complete novice with `` no previous experience , '' and went with the recommended setup options . This included selecting to have the Windows partition resized , not deleted , and have the boot loader give me the option to boot either Linux or Windows OS.Well , rebooted after installation -LRB- by the way , make sure your printer is supported -RRB- and did n't receive any option other than Linux . Contacted SuSE 's tech support and was told that the free installation support did not cover this topic . I needed to mount the Windows partition . I could pay for that support if I wanted . I went to Linux.com instead and received intelligent * free * support from the forum there.Had a couple of unsuccessful attempts to mount the Windows partition . Guess what ? Discovered that there was no windows partition on my system anymore . ?????????? Contacted SuSE and told them I thought this did qualify as an installation issue.Here 's part of their response : `` During installation you can choose where to install Linux , it 's on the installation settings screen . Also , you can choose to shrink an existing partition . Frankly , I 'm afraid you 've deleted your windows partition . Please _ always _ read all instructions careful , all the information during installation are there for a reason . Just clicking ` Next ' , can causechanges you did n't want . `` Really ?! I did choose where to install Linux . I did choose to shrink the existing partition -LRB- their recommendation -RRB- . I did read the installation instructions -LRB- remember - no prior experience necessary -RRB- . As their website states , `` The following paragraphs show how even newcomers can install SUSE LINUX 9.0 in 9 easy steps . '' It also states , `` Then , YaST2 will automatically check your system and present an installation proposal . If you wish , you can easily install additional applications or change some of the settings . Experienced users have a lot of configuration options . Newcomers can simply click Accept . `` Of course , as I was admonished , `` just clicking ` next ' can cause changes you did n't want . `` Oh , and it says , `` After you click OK , YaST will prepare the hard disk . Existing Windows partitions will be resized automatically to make room for SUSE LINUX . '' I guess I should have anticipated that `` resized '' could mean resized to zero.Finally , `` When the system is powered on , you can choose whether you want to boot Linux or another operating system . '' They need to add , `` unless we deleted your windows partition . `` I just do n't know what to say at this point . I still believe Linux is a more stable OS than XP . My opinion of SuSE however was `` resized '' if not completely `` deleted . `` Their site promises much , including
 Where can I start , this has to be like Windows with NO functionality . Whoever writes the five star reviews must be paid by the company suse . The operating system is a memory and cpu hog , the mulit-media works about as well as a toothache . Plus , my Windows partition , well it is gone now . This costed me a lot of money just to loose all my data , have a non-working pc and best of all it is useless except for sitting with a screen saver . Do yourself a BIG favor and stay away from SUSE !
 The problem with this product is the hardware compatibility , if it does not detect it , therefore it does not exist . Drivers , they must be invisible because paying money for a operating system it should work . Screen resolution , configuring this will require you to devout your life to your pc . If you like to buy a used car and proceed to rebuild it with a blindfold on then this is for you . I think now I have some expensive coasters for my drinks .
 It is slow , has a dated looking user interface , no meaningful applications but it has a bunch of ` bloatware ' about 2 gigs or more or thereabouts . Whoever gives this a five star review either do not use this operating system or has never purchased and installed it . To sum it up , I purchased the Windows XP Professional , it actually as some meaning behind it and it does not take up the entire hard drive .
 I had to borrow a friends laptop to have access to the internet , because of this product . Beware of five star reviews of this buggy mess , the chicanery behind these positive reviews is not real . After having lost my hard-drive now , I am at a loss . All my pictures , personal information on taxes is all gone . Now I am stuck with a frozen screen , with my Windows wiped out .
 Our experience with SuSE 8.1 Office Desktop mirrors many other folks in that Acronis DOES NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY in resizing hard drives , and yes it WILL completely delete your Windoze partition if you are not EXTREMELY careful of accepting the `` default '' choices , which SuSE is EMPHATIC you should accept . In addition SuSE would not propely install our modem nor our network for cable modem access , the ONLY two items we actually needed and desired of Linux ... When we contacted SuSE Tech Support -LRB- sic -RRB- they insisted we HAD to register our product online and that was the ONLY means of obtaining Tech Support -LRB- sic -RRB- . So we went to a Windoze based PC and registered then called SuSE Tech again , and again , and again , and after an hour we got a CSR . We informed him of the INSTALLATION PROBLEMS with not being able to properly config . the dial-up mail and cable modems . He advised us THAT THERE WAS NO TECH SUPPORT FOR INSTALLATION OF THESE ITEMS , despite the fact we purchased the $ 100 full retail package !!! He advised that there was solution info . online in the Knowledgebase of the Support Portal . HOW he expected us to access this info . WITHOUT INTERNET SERVICE was unknown !!! As it turns out the Knowledgebase is an insult to anyone with a clue and was TOTALLY USELESS.SuSE ai n't doing itself or Linux or the Open Source community ANY favors by dumping half-baked products into the marketplace . This smacks of Microsucks business model ???? I expect SuSE has some serious lawsuits going as the above problems have been documented by numerous software review sites.FWIW , we sent two e-mails to SuSE Tech Support , -LRB- sic -RRB- requesting assistance and they did NOT respond . We noted that they had 800 + Tech Support requests in a -LRB- 3 -RRB- hour time frame so one can safely conclude a huge amount of Tech Support is required from SuSE , but NOT AVAILABLE from SuSE.They should be ASHAMED of the way they defraud consumers ! I 'll betcha they ca n't pull this crap in Germany !
 Well my advise is to save some frustration and get Red Hat instead . I bought this one and repeadedly tried to install the mysql package that was included . Well after trying many times and not having it work , I tried Red Hat 9 and suprisingly the same things that I tried and didnt work with SUSE suddenly worked just fine on Red Hat . I do admit im new to Linux but I do know when something works and not and Red Hat actually works as advertised .
 I gave 90.00 euros to have this product and i got nothing.It has dvd players that can not play dvds because , in Suse , they find that it is illegal to use the dvds decryption software with the rest operating system.I took the updates and then suddenly i found that i cann ' t install rpms because of bugs.I could n't use kppd , because i got error messages.And when i try to reach support , using the registration number , they answer to me that i must use their large database to have my answers.So much money to take something that in other linux distributions are better and much more inexpensive or FREE.Stay away from it.Linux is the best operating system and we are lucky to have a lot of other good distributions .
 How could anyone give this software a high rating . I installed this software and one of the first things you notice is how disorganized and unstructured this operating system is . It is like a car built by 50 people with no one seeing what the other one is doing . Very frustrating and there is NO MULIT-MEDIA SUPPORT ! Another sore point , also , the operating system does not detect ALL the hardware . It is impossible to get it to work . This renders a computer useless and if you need to get real work done then you wind up using Windows . So it is a waste of money.Second , the GUI display is slow , with a disorganized menu system . It makes no sense , another deal where no one talked to anybody while writing it . Software crashes are common with the Segmentation Faults all over the place . If you are looking for drivers then forget it , they do n't exist.Lastly , if you are wanting to spend money on a computer to just sit then this is for you . When it is time to work you need Windows , leave this for the kids to play with .
 This software is not for the average user , it is very hard to install and the user interface is difficult to work with . Plus , there are numerous software crashes . I would not recommend this .
 One would think after hearing all the hype about Linux you should give it a try . Well , I did and what a nightmare , not only did it cause me to lose ALL of my hard drive because it wiped out Windows . It caused be to take my computer into a shop to have this linux mess removed from my computers hard drive.Lets get one thing straight here , no one has written about hardware compatibility . That is right , because Linux has no hardware support or if it does it must be from a different planet or something . Another sore point , NO software , if you go to your local big retailer , there is NOT one software title available for it.Lastly , after the costly ordeal , this package went into the trash can where it belongs . Thinking I could save some money , yeah it costed me a lot more in the long run.For anyone thinking about this , DO N'T just buy Windows XP Professional . Windows does something that Linux ca n't it actually works , if you want to buy new hardware Windows installs the drivers automatically ... Maybe the linux groups might think on the basics , also after losing ALL my information plus taking my PC to a repair center to have this Linux mess removed ! ARRGG I am not happy !
 I purchased SuSE Linux 9.0 Professional and installed it on myDell Inspiron 7500 -LRB- Pentium III based -RRB- laptop . I ran into many , many problems . Some of them were :1 -RRB- I use an optical 2 button 1 wheel Microsoft Intellimousevia a USB adapter to PS/2 connection . The mouse wouldintermittently work . Everytime I move the pointer awayfrom the lower right portion of the screen , the pointerwould snap back . I tried various mouse drivers , but themouse would only work when I used it strictly as a USBmouse , but do n't want to be forced to use up my only USBport.The mouse has no problems in Windows or Redhat .2 -RRB- Upon installation the auto detected video board seemed toonly allow for 800x600 PX resolution.Yast seemed to not allow me to successfully select anyother resolution . The alternate control panel -LRB- I thinkit was called SA -RRB- allowed me to set it to 1280x1024 PX.Why is Yast so dysfunctional in this aspect ? I neverhad this problem with Windows or Redhat .3 -RRB- The install did not detect the presence of my IOmega USBZip250 drive . Both Windows and Redhat -LRB- Redhat 7.1 even -RRB- was able to .4 -RRB- The install did not detect my HP Scanner -LRB- ca n't rememberthe model -RRB- , but it 's only 2 years old . It is connectedto my PC via a parallel port and cable.The scanner works perfectly in Windows .5 -RRB- Also , KWord seemed to crash every other minute . It ` sonly a word processor!I could n't imagine trying to run anything even moretaxing on the machine if a mere word processor seemsto fail.At present I am extremely UNHAPPY with SuSE Linux 9.0 and willprobably return it and try Redhat 9.0 . My Redhat 7.1 ran betterthan SuSE 9.0 . Redhat is still nowhere near as easy to use oris as functional as MS Windows , but it seems to work infinitelybetter than SuSE.I was trying to escape from Microsoft and go completelyto Linux , but Windows seems to run circles around every versionof Linux I have tried , and in almost every way . At least Redhatmarginally worked . SuSE was a dog!Linux seems to be like public television while Windows is likecable or Satellite TV . No comparison . I guess you get whatyou pay for .
 The first impression is really good . But if you go into detail you wo n't be satisfacted . I think SuSE puts every software they find on the DVD/CD 's and that 's all . No quality review . For example there is no plugin for burning mp3 cd 's with k3b . They just did n't compile it . And the services ... The whole box is a big mess . The configuration -LRB- edit some configs , ... -RRB- via shell is terrible because some settings will be ignored so you are forced to use yast.No . That 's no Distribution for me . I will use Red Hat again ...
 For starters trying to configure hardware in linux is like having dental work done without numbing medication . If you like typing then this is for you , command line like went out 10 years ago . What is so great about typing commands to install software ? It is a major pain and most of it does not work or you have to be a scientist to make it work.Lastly , I wasted my money on this software , only to spend MORE money purchasing Windows XP Professional what I should have done in the first place . ARRGG one side note , linux wiped out my windows partition ...
 Very disappointed , no multi-media support . If you want that , then do n't buy this . Cd burning , well no drivers for this function either , so I guess that is just placed in the pc for looks . No wonder that previous write said perfect for geeks , because this operating system will be quickly removed off my hard-drive and replaced with one that can play multi-media and use my CD-burner and it is called Windows XP.I think my childs diaper had more functionality than this did . Save your money and just use Windows !
 I am a Windows XP user and decided to try this OS as something different.I got what I wanted unfortunatly , an OS that has No Support for my Sony Laptop PCG-GRX580 , with a Win Modem.So basically this OS is useless to me for to try to connect to the internet as this is the main reason I purchased it as this is Suse Linux big claim of no viruses and no worms , well I guess when you ca n't connect to the internet that would solve that problem ! . I emailed the Suse support and finally received and email 1 week later , saying sorry no support.I paid close to $ 80.00 at BestBuyI also find that the price is going down on this product so this tells me it 's not all it 's cracked up to be.Finally Words
 I thought I would try Suse linux on my home computer . To say the least it amazes me how people could give this 5 stars . A long time Windows user , it in no way could compare to Windows . It is impossible to find software for linux , other than what is on the internet . It pays to stick with Windows on the desktop , this is like greek to me .
 My PC has now crashed trying to install this horrible software . All of my information on my hard-drive -LRB- Windows -RRB- side is now unavailable , plus when I try to boot my machine it crashes with a kernel panic . Anyone who gives this 5 stars , PLEASE do not fall for their review . If you want to lose all information and have a PC that is trashed then this is for you.Now I understand why no one in their right mind uses this horrible , unstable mess .
 Well with all the noise around linux , I thought I would give this a try . Needless to say , I wound up having to re-install Windows . It takes hours of configuration to get the functionality of this product . Not only that , you are using command line syntax , eek!I have had the best luck with Windows XP Professional ...
 First off let me explain , I have heard how interesting linux is . One would think that is it has some use in the world of computers . But it has NO functionality other than the ability to change themes and icons on the desktop . Good grief , who cares about this kind of non-sense . I need to use business applications not some useless NON-supported freeware apps.To sum it up , my installtion of this product was very disappointing . The user interface dates back 5 years , there is a selection of useless applications , that CRASH often ! No one seems to bring this up , plus it takes up like 5 gigs on the hard drive ! What a bunch of useless BLOATWARE ! So I tried it and wished I would have left well enough alone.Lastly , when it comes time to get your real work done . Buy Windows XP Professional and you will be extremely pleased !
 If you understand the underpinnings of a operating system or if you are a systems administrator then this is for you . The routine work that is required for upkeep on linux is above the basic pc users ability . The software that is included is not of any value to a home user.For all around computing and ease of use , try Windows XP Professional .
 What can I tell you , I too wanted to break away from MS operating systems and the corporate control that comes with it , so I sprang for a copy of SuSE Linux since it was rated higher than the rest in a recent PC Magazine - all sexed up , looked great on paper , so I bought it . I left 10 gigs for the installation which was flawless and I was quite impressed with the GUI and desktop , very pretty , so far so good . Then , i noticed that although my Ethernet card had been recognized I was n't connected to the Internet . So , I went to YAST -LRB- the configuration tool -RRB- and set about inputting network information , etcetera , etcetera ; still no connection ; more reading , booting back to windows to look for help -LRB- on the Internet -RRB- , making pages of notes , configuring , pinging , configuring , to no avail . No problem , I thought - and picked up the phone to call tech support . In one word - Rude . `` We only offer help on installation issues . '' Helloooooo ??? What could be a more fundamental part of installation than connecting to the Internet ? So , I sent a letter to the support people in Germany . My lightening fast response about 10 days later was that they did n't do Internet , and that if I wanted help with configuring it it would cost me $ 39 per hour . Folks , I uninstalled and reinstalled three times - wasted two weeks trying to geek myself up to the task but then I decided to do a FIXMBR to get rid of the Linux Grub booter and then erased and reformatted the two Linux partitions as FAT32 . Going back to windows2000 after that hassle was like coming home for Thanksgiving after a long absence !!! How nice to see `` Starting Windows '' on my screen now ! Believe me folks ; you do n't know what you 've got till it 's gone !
 I have used SuSe Linux going back to 5.3 and out of all the versions , this was the worst . It could n't detect my modem which had been out on the market for at least a year and attempts to manually configure it failed . The boot loader failed to boot Windows XP properly and I was lucky that Windows was on a 2nd drive and I could change the bios to boot it instead.The modem was specially purchased at the time SuSe 9.0 Professional was purchased and WAS NOT a Winmodem.It seems like SuSe which normally offers a good variety of Linux programs has severely scaled down the packages available.I paid full price of $ 79.99 which perhaps would have been worth it , had internet connections been made.Tech support is slow , taking about one week before responding . When they did repsond , it seemed like they looked more for a reason not to help then to help . They interpreted the installation support different then it was advertized , which includes being able to dual boot Windows and to make internet connections.Out of frustration , I removed SuSe 9.0 and re-installed Red Hat 9.0 which gave me dual boot Linux/Windows XP and connecting to the internet.It is a shame because SuSe used to be one of my favorite versions of Linux . Given the problems , slow tech response time and unwillingness to help with simple issues -LSB- dual boot and internet connection -RSB- I would not buy SuSe again . SuSe Linux 8.2 Professional suffers from the same problems as with SuSe 9.0 Professional and the fact that I had spent around $ 140 for both versions within the past 2 months did n't seem to turn any heads.This definate lack of concern , and the diminished volume of packages/programs is cause for me to seek an alternative version of Linux.My recommendation : Do n't buy unless :1 -RRB- you are desperate and do n't need tech support or2 -RRB- you do n't need/want internet connecion.Mark Hagelin
 This is a very complete operating system with a large library of free software . I had no trouble installing it -LRB- setup detected all my hardware on an IBM Thinkpad A20m -RRB- , but was very frustrated at first with the interface . The documentation is difficult to read , and this is not for beginners.After a few days of using Linux , I 've found that I can do everything I need to do with it , and even run my windows programs on it . However , it took the better part of a day for me to understand how to configure things . The GUI they start you off with is terrible but by changing a few settings it becomes very functional and friendly .
 After 4 days talking to their support group , it is finally known to me that they do NOT support 32-bit Seriel ATA Hard Drives . So I have wasted 4 evenings and countless phone calls with these guys before they figured that they do n't support me , which is a fairly common hardware config now days . So beware !!
 Ok so I was really excited to get this game for my daughter . When I loaded it to my pc it asked for her date of birth , but it stopped in 2000 . She was born in 2009 . This game is very out dated and she was not impressed by it at all . I do not recommend this to anyone .
 I got this for my daughter for her second birthday . She was not too interested in it . She played with it for a bit and then was done . she has others that she likes a lot more .
 it 's @ # $ @ $ % ^ # $ % # % $ # & % @ # $ ^ @ $ % @ # $ @ # $ # ^ $ # ^ $ ! @ # ^ # $ ^ @ ^ # $ The above is my 7 year old 's comment.I was told it would run on the MAC but it does n't .
 Please be advised that Amazon failed to mention in the description that this game is incompatible with Windows XP . We ca n't even play it . It is not worth the money to return it since we paid so little for it .
 I have a copy of this software and I installed it -LRB- again -RRB- today . It will not work on 64-bit versions of Photoshop -- the plugins will not appear in the filter menu at all . Also , it will only work on 8-bit images.I reviewed this on a 32-bit Photoshop CS4 running on 64-bit Windows 7 . One of the most frustrating things about this product is that the designers never figured that displays would get any larger than they were at the turn of the century . The work area is like viewing the world through a soda straw . You ca n't resize the windows -LRB- too hard for the developer , I guess -RRB- . I think a lot of the effects provided here can be done better within newer versions of Photoshop.There are a lot of Photoshop plugins that mainly make your original look worse . This is probably better than that , but with the design limitation mentioned in the last paragraph , and the total lack of support , and a very high asking price , why bother ?
 Well , after about 6 months I have discovered something interesting , KPT6 is pointless . The menus have maintained their always-cool style but really there is nothing here . Almost anything KTP6 can do can be done better with Photoshop alone . To bad , it used to really be a cool , time saving bundle . Seems as though Corel has managed to destroy another fine product ...
 Caveat emptor!If you own a computer purchased or updated during the last 10 years , this software probably wo n't work on it . . Hardly noted , is the designation for Windows 3 software . Since most computers now operate XP -LRB- much less Vista -RRB- , this software wo n't work . Sorry I wasted $ 22 ... Hopefully you wo n't .
 These are the spec on this software : Publisher
 Sorry I missed the other review . Please unless you are running a windows 95 or 98 ... . yes I said 95 or 98 do n't waste your time , this program only works on those two systems . Shame on all who are selling out dated programs .
 This is n't exactly a review of the item . I do n't know what this PA 6 is . It seems to be just a single CD and it could be a demo . I think that version 6 is the last version actually published by Sierra On-line . See Wikipedia . I have PA 4 Gold -- two CD 's with a large manual ; it 's an amazing program . I would like to upgrade . There seem to be versions of PA from 4 through 22 -LRB- 4 , 6 , 8 , 12 , 15 & 22 -LSB- Gold , Platinum , Grande , etc. -RSB- -RRB- available and few give any good details ; Buyer Beware.kb
 Do n't waste your money on this product!I was hoping this software would assist me in finding my way around the logging roads of Nova Scotia during my summer months there . MapSend has no detail of back roads and only useful if you travel main highways . One of the few lakes outlined in Nova Scotia is mis-named which caused me a little confusion until I realized the shortcomings of this product .
 Our saga is long and drawn out . We purchased `` E-Business in a Box '' on 4-19-02 and were supposed to be up and running in 7 to 10 days . Our store finally became functional on 9-12-02 although there had not been any customization of the store as their sales information stated was to be provided . The entire store was an out-of-the-box , here-ya-go , you-figure-it-out setup.Our main problem , we later found out , is the turnover rate of the employees at CI Host . Our original web designer that we met left CI Host and for some reason our account was put in the `` done '' pile . Nearly everyone we talked to would be gone within the month so our complaints never got addressed properly . Once we finally got someone to listen to us and try to address our problems , our lawyer sent them a letter at our request to cover our butts to indicate that they were not fulfilling their contract . At that point , all work stopped dead in it 's tracks and our web site sat there for the last 5 months of our original 12 month hosting contract.To top it off , when the year contract was up , they sent us a renewal e-mail which I replied to stating that we were not renewing with them . They took $ 300 out of our checking account anyway and we are currently trying to get that money back .
 have you ever heard the saying '' You get what you pay for '' ? Well with E business in a box , this statement is true . Lousy customer service , lousy designers and lousy website . I got a generic website design and when I complained they told me that THEY PUT THE NEW DESIGNERS ON THE E-BUSINESS ACCOUNTS AS THESE ARE THE LOWEST LEVEL . Yes , they told me that . They agreed to give me a new more qualified designer . I still ended up with a generic site . When I complained again they told me if I upgraded -LRB- payed more money -RRB- I could get a better site . If you want a professinal site DO NOT use E-business in a box . If you are a grandmother who is selling your knitting in your spare time and what a site so your family can see it then this might be for you . but ... still I doubt it
 Our saga is long and drawn out . We purchased `` E-Business in a Box '' on 4-19-02 and were supposed to be up and running in 7 to 10 days . Our store finally became functional on 9-12-02 although there had not been any customization of the store as their sales information stated was to be provided . The entire store was an out-of-the-box , here-ya-go , you-figure-it-out setup.Our main problem , we later found out , is the turnover rate of the employees at CI Host . Our original web designer that we met left CI Host and for some reason our account was put in the `` done '' pile . Nearly everyone we talked to would be gone within the month so our complaints never got addressed properly . Once we finally got someone to listen to us and try to address our problems , our lawyer sent them a letter at our request to cover our butts to indicate that they were not fulfilling their contract . At that point , all work stopped dead in its tracks and our web site sat there for the last 5 months of our original 12 month hosting contract.To top it off , when the year contract was up , they sent us a renewal e-mail which I replied to stating that we were not renewing with them . They took $ 300 out of our checking account anyway and we are currently trying to get that money back .
 Note how all of the 5-Star evaluations were all posted between November 23-25 . Looks like the company has posted its own raving reviews about its product .
 C I Host has a terrible customer service record . Frankly , I 'm shocked that Amazon is carrying this product . Search the web for C I Host and see what pops up . The Fort Worth , Texas Better Business Bureau is a good place to start .
 I purchased this game at Target as a gift for my 5 year old daughter . I noticed that it had won some sort of Parents Choice award and she is a big fan of the Peanuts `` specials '' . The game has a charming detective game at its base which is a bit too difficult for her to figure out . She would be happy to continue trying but I am just going to throw this one in the garbage . My problem with the game is the constant negative talk that Lucy and Charlie Brown spew as they search for the blanket . Lucy is even more bombastic on the software than she is on the specials -- constantly calling people stupid and putting them down . Charlie Brown is virtual stream of negative self-talk . I am aware that much of the Peanuts humor relies on negative humor and putdowns but it seems really excessive in this software . Even though I threw the game out and definitely did n't get my moneys worth I gave the it two stars because the basic game seems challenging and fun . Definitely not a good choice if your trying to teach your child to be kind and upbeat . I
 This game takes around an hour and a half to complete . It is VERY slow , boring , and any child under 7 will be bored to pieces after the first scenario of trying to get out of Charlie Brown 's house . The narration is too long , you ca n't speed it up , and once you think you 've solved the game and it 's over , it continues on and on again.The only way I can recommend this is for young kids 3-5 , who just want to see the Peanuts characters interact on screen and the opportunity to click on things and see what they do . Once you have finished the game once , it remembers this and you can now play any one of the game/puzzle sections of it again , but if you take it out of your hard drive completely , you will be back to square one . Other than that , it is very frustrating to play the entire thing .
 Buy the Freddi Fish or Pajama Sam games if you are looking for good kids games where you must solve a puzzle and have fun interaction with some whacky characters and interesting situations . This game is very , very slow , not intuitive and has nothing like the look and feel of Freddi Fish or Pajama Sam .
 I picked this up in the store for my 4 and 6 year old . There is nothing intuitive about this software . You have to read the help file in order to advance to each step . A 4 and 6 year old definitely can not read the help directions by themselves , so I ended up having to help with this tedious game . My 6 year old got bored . The 4 year old kept wanting to play , but I had to do most of the work until he got to a puzzle or activity . These he could do .
 I bought this game when my son was 4 , because he had mastered most of the preschool games but was n't ready for games that required reading , math , or quick fingers . I thought it would be a good problem-solving mystery game featuring some of his favorite Peanuts characters . After several attempts to help him get Charlie Brown out of the house , I finally got frustrated myself and put the game away so he would n't keep pestering me to figure it out -LRB- I was stumped , and did n't realize there was a `` help '' file -RRB- . He finally dug it out months later and figured it out himself , but I forbid him from playing as Lucy because of the negative language she used towards the other characters . We finally pitched the game and moved on to Putt-Putt , Freddy Fish , and Pajama Sam . Much more positive role models , challenging but not frustrating problem solving games , fun music , and a more kid-friendly pace . Do n't waste your money . This game is an insult to Charles Schulz .
 Poor artwork , mediocre animations . Looks like it was made 8 years ago . Could have been made better . Dorling Kindersley 's Human Body is a better buy anyday .
 Perhaps my latest email to their support folks will suffice : I have spent many many hours trying to fix this . Today I spent abt 1 hr on phone with rep. Then followed his instructions as far as I could get :1 . Use ftp link to get version 4.22 . Run file with Repair options3 . Run program 4.2 version with Remove option4 . Run remover exe tool.Well that 's as far as I got . Wasted 2 more hours . Could not run removal tool , thus could not reinstall 4.2 . I CONTINUE TO GET ERROR MSG `` 1325 . COMPONENTS IS NOT A VALID SHORT FILE NAME '' . I am very tired of trying to fix this . I paid for a product and it should
 Such a great idea converting PDF files to Word text . Unfortunatley this product only converts about 3 out of 10 files accurately with the remaining requiring a much more expensive software product from Scansoft to convert the rest . Almost like the bait and switch tactic preformed by used car salesmen . Buy this product only for very limited use .
 As they would say on American Bandstand , I would give this title a 65 - the lyrics are ok but its easy to dance to . I do A LOT of pdf crap -LRB- and i hate pdf -RRB- both converting too and from . For some conversions -LRB- NOT COMPLEX GRAPHICS -RRB- it works well , for others it is so-so . It does do a BETTER job , converting from pdf - at least on the long , complex-formated text documents - which are my primary beast of burden , than Adobe PRO 6.0 . Howver Scansoft has some quirk 's that potential buyers need to be aware of -1 . It messes up haeaders and footers - it captures them just fine but puts them in funky places as a table and of couse screws up the page numbering , , ,2 . On occasion -LRB- and this is the frustrating part -RRB- it converts text into graphics , , ,3 . It handles check boxes and the other vbs features of WORD poorly , often creating them as graphics4 . It routeinely messes up autonumbering , again often picking up a number and making it a graphicHowever , having said all that - it is quicker/faster/better than Adobe Pro 6.0 . for Word conversions . Sometimes its a dozen hand fixes per page , other times one or two , but i will gladly trade that for rekeying or scanning.For the record , I have an old version of Omni-Pro and DID NOT try to use its features as suggested.I am glad I own it but I dont think I am taking it to the prom .
 One purchase is good for one install only ! The activation blocks it from re-install . My laptop died and I was unable to install this on the replacement machine VAIO . Got total use of 4 months for $ 50 purchase!Good luck if your hard drive crashes or machine dies .
 This software is terrible . I 've only turned a few PDF files into Word files but they are not even close to the original . Total waste of money for me .
 Having used this product on large -LRB- more than 500 pages -RRB- and complex documents , my conclusion is that this could be a very good product . Unfortunately , the software has some logic flaws that cause it to fail repeatedly on specfic text formatting . For example , consider the following listing : a. Data Elementb . Data Element Tagc . Element Numberd . Group NumberThe application always fails on this and similar listings by randomly deleting the new paragraph marker and setting the right margin incorrectly . Too bad that Scansoft support , which could alert developers to this type of problem , is the worst I have ever encountered . Perhaps someone from Scansoft will read this review and fix this problem and other problems encountered by customers .
 This is the first time I 've reviewed a product online , but this one upset me enought to complain . They say in the Quick Reference `` Most pdf files contain a text layer with standard encoding '' ... not in my experience ! It does a beautiful job of converting what it calls these `` normal '' pdf files , but nowhere on the box or in the ads does it say that these are files only created with a text layer from Office products like Word or Excel . Scanned pdfs -LRB- like the vast majority I work with -RRB- coming from scanners via Acrobat , for example , do not have a text layer - they are purely images , and PDF Converter can not touch these . You find this out when you install it , try and fail to convert file after file , and then go to the help files - it 's not even in the 2-page Quick Reference . I was able to convert 2/10 pdfs I needed to work with . I 'm returning it -LRB- J&R accepts 30-day returns -RRB- A deceptively advertised product . It 's easier for me to print the pdf out and process it with AAbby reader .
 This software only works on NON-ENCRYPTED pdf files . I paid too much money for something that did nothing for me . It read the pictures or scanned files , but not the text oddly enough . It was a waste of my money and my time to install and attempt to convert the file . I wish I would have checked to find out if it was encrypted or not . I might just end up selling it and hopefully get most of my money back .
 I 've bought this product expecting that if I have already encoded file in Mpeg-2 it will be easy to create simple menu for my own home video , according all information I discovered from Pinnacle web site . But , unfortuanately , you can not create a DVD , which will fit to 4.7 Gb blank . If you try to create a DVD from avi file it may take forever -LRB- couple of hours -RRB- just to create a DVD files . Final quality is really bad , you will have 700 Mb or ever more of free space left on your blank disc , but the `` Expression '' will show you that there 's no space left.One time it created a DVD with for me where the total size of all files was about 1 Gb , but program showed that there was no space left!The program is really unstable , as all other Pinnacle products.I have Pinnacle Studio 8 also with the same set of problems : - poor video quality - wrong calculation of free space on DVD - unexpectable slow performance.If you want DVD authoring software Expression is not the right choice . And I will give you the same advice if you decide to buy Pinnacle Studio . I do not expect from them any improvement in version 9 . The most recent reviews just awful.P.S . If you think that my system is slow , here is draft spec : p4-2 .4 GHz , 1Gb RAM , 7200rpm 120 Gb Hard drive ... Yeah , really slow system for Pinnacle .
 I usually do not write comments but this time I feel I have to write something about it , because I am really disappointed the Pinnacle Expression . I used it to create a DVD-R using existing well-coded Mpeg2 files , but it is very very slow , regardless in Pentium IV 1.8 GHz or Pentium III 600 MHz , two of my PC 's . One thing really puzzled me was , in either PC , the CPU usuage was only about 25-30 percent . And the program IS running , not non-responding . No huge I/O activity . No DVD buring activity either . Then why is n't it running faster , to use 100 % CPU ??? It took one hour , only incrementing from 50 % to 52 % complete in preparing the DVD contents , not even the burning yet -- a separate process . And then it always errored out at about 70 % , `` Error to Complie File '' , something like it . Stupid . I am an IT professional myself . I keep my PC environment simple . There 're enough memory and hard disk space in my PC 's . There 's no registry mess up . If there 's anything wrong , it must be the program -LRB- I already downlaoded the lastest update from Pinnaclesys.com -RRB- . I am very disappoined . It is such a straightforward and simple program yet they do n't know how to code it well .
 I never reseaved it , and its been over 6 weeks , I have family in Calf . and get mail from then in 3 days , will never order again.will deel with e-bay never had aproblem there
 I pruchased this software to move files and applications from my old PC to my new PC and it did not worked as advertised . I would recommend PC Mover instead .
 I read poor reviews on Amazon and contacted the company because PC Magazine rated this program best . The tech from AlohaBob said the complaints were sour grapes . They did n't even have a complaint file from the persons writing the poor reviews . Well they do n't have a complaint file from me either . I was so discussed with the program that I unloaded it and threw the software away . You ca n't return opened software . It was time and money wasted .
 As I had only begun , the program crashed my old Dell with Windows ME . I was unable to contact Tech Support because they take weekends off . I am returning this product to Amazon , and it is n't their fault . I should have taken heed by the other reviewers not to purchase this program .
 This software is an unmitigated disaster ! It will transfer old programs , Windows settings , etc to your new computer -LRB- if you do not have any hidden unmovable files which the program will hang on -RRB- , but the results on the new computer are terrible . Programs and setting on the new computer may or may not work . Some features work , others will not . The result is an unstable mess . You are better off relocating all of your programs manually . I understand that MicroSoft has purchased the company which produced this piece of junk . That makes perfect sense to me , since Windows sometimes works and sometime does n't , but always will consumer a lot of your time to do the most simple things . : >
 I have not used this product and it appears it is a good thing I read theses reviews first . My beef is with their sales policies . I read a couple of publication reviews that positively glowed about this product . Not being able to find it at a local store -LRB- fairly small town -RRB- I went directly to the website . Much to my surprise the price for a downloaded version was exactly the same as a boxed version which included the CD ROM printed documentation AND a USB crossover cable . When I called the company to confirm this I was told that the cable was `` free '' with the boxed version so downloading did n't save me any money despite the obviously reduced cost to the company .
 First off , I am EXTREMELY dissatisfied with the reliability and user interface of this product . I planned on transferring my data via a crossover cable -LRB- as oppossed to the included USB cable -RRB- due to the higher transfer rate . Problem # 1-PCRelocater claimed that it had to `` adjust '' my network settings in order for the cable to be utilized ... odd ... Problem # 2-This program could only transfer 10 % of my available programs on my old PC for various reasons ... ok ... Problem # 3-The user interface for this product does n't support scrolling and bumps you to the bottom of the page every time you open a folder -LRB- VERY frustrating !!! -RRB- , nor does it allow you to multiple select programs/files/settings for deletion . This is , quite simply , a program that should never have been allowed to leave beta , and I consider it a complete rip-off . If you need to transfer data , do yourself a favor and either invest in Norton Ghost , or simply transfer it through your network ... that 's what I 'm doing .
 I 'm now on my 6th try to use AlohaBob PC Relocator.I have been online 10 years and am a web professional.This program does not follow instructions.I set up the transfer in expert mode and low and behold PC Relocator keeps transfer documents I specifically instructed it not to ! On this last try , Im just ` letting ' it transfer whatever ` it ' decides to to my new pc.When it 's done , I ll delete the files it erroneously transferred over and then I 'm turning the disk into a flying projectile and brak it into million pieces against my wall out of sherr frustration.DON ' T BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK !
 I used PC Relocator Ultra Control 2005 to migrate to my new computer and have had MANY problems . The program ignores instructions about what to copy to the new computer and seems to just copy everything no matter what you tell it . It corrupted the existing Microsoft Office and Norton Internet Security installations on my new computer even though it indicated it would transfer nothing for Office and I did n't have NIS installed on the old computer . After many hours on the phone with tech support for Dell , Microsoft and Symantic I still have n't resolved the problems . Alohabob 's tech support is web based and does not even seem to work .
 I 'm not a novice user and read the instructions carefully before proceeding to move to a new computer with Windows XP Pro and Office 03 . I did not try to migrate programs , but only files.What a mess ! The program must have moved registry settings -LRB- who asked it to ? -RRB- and the new computer was so screwed up I thought I was going to have to reformat.Meanwhile , customer service was virtually non-existent . When things get screwed up , one needs help right away ... not in 48 hours or more ! Then I filed for a refund and they 've been dragging their heels -LRB- and ignoring last few emails -RRB- on that front although I qualified and presented all pertinent paperwork . It 's been nearly two months!Although I was willing to try and let them resolve issues as their sales hype had assured me , that promise proved to be more fiction and less reality . Absolutely unsatisfactory!RUN ... RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN FROM THIS PROGRAM ! I have n't posted reviews in the past , but this experience was so bad that I wanted to add my voice to the chorus of discontented buyers . And wish I had taken those negative reviews to heart before I purchased this particular program !
 I have attempted to use AlohaBob Ultra a couple times and had to revert to prior backups on each computer . My major problem seems to be the `` name '' of each computer . Which `` name '' needs to be the same ; computer name , administrator name , `` Computer description '' or `` Full Computer Name ? '' I even changed all user account names to be exactly the same , but still get error messages . I used a LAN connection each prior time and that took some time to conquer . Speed was good , but data was lost . I am going to try one more time with the USB.I am moving from a computer that had Windows XP Pro -LRB- AMD 2600 + , 1 GB ram -RRB- to a Windows XP Media Edition -LRB- AMD 3200 64 bit , 1 GB ram -RRB- operating systems.Email and attempt to live chat at eisenworld on renaming was never successful . FAQ is a joke.As another reviewer pointed out , there does not seem to be any rationale for certain folders of data to be overlooked.My brother , with a very simple configuration , used the basic version and had good first time success . He has only used the machines for email and MS Word.I would not recommend this product . Over 10 hours of actual machine interface time and several days of inorperative machines in between .
 Here is some background about me : + I 've been developing software for over 7 years using Microsoft Technologies , so I am pretty comfortable with computer + I reinstall my PC every 12-18 months , so I already have a list of all the utilities/software that I use . + I also try to keep a list of all the changes that I make to the OS . + I always install all the latest-greatest updates/service packs , etc.I 've read a number of negative reviews , but then I read a review by John Meghly , who seemed to be another `` techy '' and he gave it thumbs up.Unfortunately I did n't find this utility as useful and John did . Being a developer , I understand all the difficulties that PC Relocator has to deal with and unfortunately it was n't able to.I was moving from Latitude D600 to Latitude D610 with the same OS -LRB- WinXP Pro -RRB- and the same set of applications . I installed every application that I had on the original computer and was hoping that PC Relocator will just move over my preferences . I did n't need it to move my files as I keep everything inside `` My Documents '' and it was already being backed up.After the move I found that I am not able to update or install any additions/updates to Microsoft Office . After searching for some time , i found a KB that mentions that this happens b/c of messed up registry and provided a utility that would remove all the wrong keys . Unfortunately that also forces you to reinstall Office . Later I also found out that it messed up my Visual Studio . NET 2003 installation and I had to go into registry and add some keys to fix it.Here is my conlusion
 I purchased PC Relocator Ultra Control after reading favorable reviews in two leading PC magazines . I should have paid more attention to the opinions of real users.Loading the software on my old and new computers was straightforward , but the actual transfer of programs and files was anything but . My old computer ran under Windows 98SE ; my new one has Windows XP . Like another Amazon reviewer with the same operating systems , I was confronted with the user name `` mismatch '' between the two machines that he described in his remarks . The instructions provided for resolving this problem were unclear -- at least to me.When I finally was able to proceed with the migration , I was left with a mess on my new computer . When PC Relocator transferred my data files , it moved only about half of them . The error log that was provided after the transfer showed -- next to the file names -- that the remaining files were not found . Yet these files were stored in the same directories and subdirectories as other files that were transferred successfully . I could find no pattern to what was moved and what was n't . Furthermore , my e-mail messages were all thrown into my inbox folder in Outlook , even though they were stored in numerous other folders on my old computer . It would have taken me hours to move the files to their correct folders on my new computer.I exhausted my options to get technical assistance from Eisenworld , the manufacturer . The web site noted that it could take several days to receive a response to an e-mail question . I did n't want to wait that long . I then tried to set up a `` live chat '' session on the web site with a technical support representative . No representatives were available . The Ultra Control version of PC Relocator comes with `` free telephone support , '' so I called the company . All I got was a message saying that no one was available , and , if I left my number , someone would return my call -LRB- no indication of when -RRB- . My last attempt was to use the `` pay for support '' option at $ 19.99 per hour , despite being entitled to free support . I figured that they would certainly have someone on the line for people who were willing to pay . Wrong ! No technician . No `` please wait for the next available representative . '' Just another `` leave your name and number ... '' And this was all during normal business hours!If , despite what you have read , you still want to try this product , do n't purchase the box with the CD , as I did . Download the software instead from Eisenworld 's web site . You 'll have fewer hassles if you decide later to return it -- which , based on the experiences of users like me who have reviewed this product -- is a strong possibility . Eisenworld does not allow a merchant to refund your purchase directly , no matter who sold the product to you . You 'll instead need to get an RMA number from Eisenworld -LRB- which is a pain in itself , since they do n't respond quickly to your request -RRB- . Then you 'll need to ship the box to Eisenworld in Florida , after which you 'll wait several weeks for your check , minus , of course , any sales tax or shipping fees you paid . If , however , you purchased the software from Eisenworld and downloaded the program files from the web site , they will issue your refund directly to your credit card.The only good thing I can say about this product is that the `` undo '' feature works . I was able to reverse the faulty transfer of my my files and restore everything to its original state . That 's small consolation , as I wasted many hours in a futile attempt to get this product to work . In the end , I bought an external hard drive and used it to transfer my files . That process also took time , but everything was moved properly , and I now have a second hard drive both for back-up and extra storage . It 's what I should have done in the first place.UPDATE July 26 , 2005
 Maybe this product would work for cloning identical systems , but for moving from an old computer to a new one ? WORTHLESS . I wish I 'd read the other reviews before I 'd bought a copy at a local store.I have no idea how the transfers would have performed -- I ran into so many restrictions that I never let it do anything .1 -RRB- My old W98SE machine had only one `` user '' on it ... `` default '' ; since W9x had no effective protection , I never bothered to create a `` username '' for it , but left it at the factory default . The new machine is a WXP -LRB- Pro -RRB- box , so of course I have accounts created.The program complained that the WXP `` root '' -LRB- admin -RRB- account was not the same as the W9x `` default '' account . It wanted me to create an admin privileged account named `` default '' for `` proper operation '' -LRB- and , naturally , ca n't be run from a non-admin account -RRB- .2 -RRB- The old box , partly to minimize the disk wastage on small files , had lots of partitions : C
 Not only did PCR UC fail to properly transfer applications from the old machine to the new one , the garbage it created in the process created many problems on the new machine . After all the time I spent on the phone with tech support at the various application vendors , it would have been quicker and cheaper to just manually reinstall the applications . For simple files and settings , the transfer wizard built into windows will do the trick . Do n't wast your money or your time on this product .
 Be warned
 I had a very dissapointed toddler and have had to go through Disney support to exchange for another game -LRB- they 're quite amiable with this exchange -RRB- , alot of trouble for us though , so caution when trying to run Disney games with windows vista
 This software WILL NOT work with : Windows VistaWindows 7Mac OSX 10.5 Mac OSX 10.6 Our four year old received this for a gift . Would not run the program in Windows Vista . Did some research and followed a suggested workaround -LRB- involving updating Flash Player and using Compatibility mode -RRB- that also did not work . The copy we received was also for Mac , but it will not even install on a Mac running Snow Leopard , or even Leopard . The manufacturer is aware of this if you check their site.I can not believe this software is still sold in any type of store . This should have been cleared out a couple of years ago with its complete incompatibility with any of the latest two versions of both Windows and Mac operating systems .
 I bought the currency manage 2007 . I spent hours and hours inputing all of my notes . The software was very good however it does not back up your data only your currency imagaes . I contacting the vendor but no response . I also asked if I could update using the new software . . still no response ... Dont waste your time or money on this product .
 The software itself is only okay . Their customer service and technical support are nonexistent . I purchased this software about two years ago and it worked fine until recently . Numerous attempts to contact them for assistance went unanswered . All those hours spent inputting information for nothing ! * # @ .
 Although the software is pretty good , they have very poor customer support , sometimes taking weeks to respond . At times I 've had to send multiple emails before getting a reply.Other than that the software is pretty good , it includes a database of US , Canadian and a couple of other countries , complete with prices in several grades .
 I was expecting the nero 6 ultimate all in one instead I received nero OEM Suite . The MPEG 4 encoder they claim is not included instead there is a thirty day trial . Better business bureau should be notified .
 I should have read these comments before ordering . Got an OEM CD and a generic jewel box .
 I used this product for a month on the recommendations of a video forum group . It was for the specific purpose of burning HD-DVD compliant videos onto standard 4.7 GB DVD 's using a standard DVD burner.The biggest problem with this product is that importing files take a long , long , long time . Whether you choose your desired file from a dialog box , or drag and drop it onto the open Ulead DVD Movie Factory window , the program basically locks your computer up for the next hour . Note that this is BEFORE you do anything with the file.It 's not just with high definition videos either . Standard definition files also take a long time to load.Technical support from the Corel website is basically non-existent save for some FAQ 's and a users forum . Even if you click on the so-called `` Technical Support '' link it takes you directly to the FAQ 's . You ca n't even get email support . I at least got that with Microsoft.Looking through those forums I realize that others who use this product with Windows Vista have the same issues . The label on the box says `` Works with Windows Vista '' , just not how well.Hopefully I 'll have better luck with Nero .
 The Ulead DVD Movie Factory6 Plus program for me did not work and I was never able to get it to work . I bought two of these programs , one for me and one for a friend . My friend was also unable to get his program to work . He said his worked once and he could never get it to work again and was unable to figure out why . The program I have kept freezing/locking up . I downloaded the program three times and it did the same thing each time until I gave up and removed the program from my computer . I have two other programs for making a DVD on the computer and they work great.I did not ask for a refund and return the item . When I got another program that works great I forgot all about the Movie Factory6 plus program until I was contacted about writing a review . The Two Programs that work for me without any Problems is the `` Express Burn '' program by NCH Software , and also the `` Need4video '' Program.It is possible that my problem and my friends problem with the Movie factory6 Plus are the only two programs that did n't work . I recommend reading the other reviews and if other people had a good experience with the Movie Factory6 plus program . Try it ... I know I wished it had worked as it sounded good .
 If you buy this product you had better hope it works for what you want it to do . There is NO SUPPORT if you have a problem . I wanted to do what I thought was a very simple thing . I wanted to take 2 DVDs and combine then into 1 and then burn that 1 DVD . It could not be done . I thought that was such a simple thing that I wanted to do that there was a problem with the software so I went to Corel 's web page to ask for help.Their reply was `` You need to pay for support to find an answer to you problem '' . NO MORE COREL PRODUCTS WILL EVER BE ON MY COMPUTER . I leared my lesson . I hope other profit from my experience .
 I am sorry that I bought this software . I am glad I only paid $ 25.00 for it . Although the software has many great features , it lacks the ability to create titles or end credits . I have had to resort to creating title scenes in Microsoft Windows Maker , save them as video clips and then import them into Moviefactory 6 . I have even spent several hours on the internet trying to find a fix for this shortcoming . The rest of the program is first rate and makes it easy for an amateur to make a good looking movie . Until I find an inexpensive program that does everything I want and need , my procedure will have to do .
 I purchased this product with the hope that it would work better than Adobe 's Premiere , but it does n't . The only way to get my movies from my HDD camcorder into it is via my PC or a DVD , and it is too heavy and slow , and when I try to use the edit room it freezes .
 First a caveat
 What can I say I am a programmer and I personally like Microsoft software a lot . Why , because it is very well written and extensive . After trying both Star and MS Office , I can honestly say I was much more productive with MS Office . MS Office XP has application crash recovery , and full intigration with the Windows XP interface , kernel , and data security features of the NTFS file system . While it is true that MS Office is expensive , it has never been more true than in this situation that `` you get what you pay for . `` Do yourself a favor and get a real Office suite like MS Office or if you just ca n't see yourself buying a MS product then try Lotus SmartSuite Millenium or WordPerfect Office 2002 , they will yield much better results in the long run
 I have been using a computer etc. for 15 years , most of the time with Microsoft software ... if you wish to buy a simple package for home use buy MS Works . Star Office is simply unusable by a professional who can not afford to employ an IT specialist . The `` help '' and downloads on the Sun website uses terms I have not encountered before -- probably easy for information professionals but not for the simple businessman attempting to load software to help individual productivity.The installation is complex and disrupts Windows locking it on at least two occasions -- requiring two uses of Norton utilities to sort out and several re-boots of the system . The data base function is inaccessible , despite my 18 hours tinkering . The documentation beyond the first few pages is unreadable by anyone other than a specialist completely familiar with the program -LRB- this includes the separately sold `` Star Office Companion '' -RRB- . The templates provided with the program only add to the frustration -- showing you what you can not achieve , and have no idea how even to attempt ...
 The good
 I did n't have the opportunity to try the actual commercial Star Office 6.0 , but have both SO 5.2 and current Open Office -LRB- used versions 0.6.x-1 .0.1 . x -RRB- , which should be fairly similar to the SO 6.0 - these programs are inferior products when compared to Microsoft OfficeXP . I used SO and OO under SuSE and Redhat , as well as under Win2k/XP - the experience is like to compare Coach -LRB- SO-OO -RRB- vs. Business Class -LRB- OfficeXP -RRB- , you get the idea ... I noticed that many reviewers are recommending SO as `` sufficient '' alternate product to `` expensive '' MS-Office ; this is really not right , because even home users deserve to have the work done with minimum effort , instead to fight quirks of OO & SO , which is inferior even to the old Office97/2000 ; I would personally use it only under Linux environment , and even there I would rather give a closer look to CrossOver Office implementation - the work with OO/SO is sluggish , buggy and with ugly surprises every once a while -LRB- encountered the following issues
 After four instalations , all of which are described as `` sucesful '' by the product , the system is still not working as described . Time has also been wastd in visits to Sun 's Website -LRB- downloading a substantial patch , trying to find help etc. -RRB- and to the database manufacturers website.It is aparently impossible to get the accompanying data base -LRB- Adabas -RRB- to execute or operate -- having spent 6 hours going over the information provided , altering my autoexec.bat file etc. . The `` Star Office User 's Guide '' -LRB- bundled with the software -RRB- and `` Office Suite Companion '' -LRB- a separate purchase -RRB- are both written in a passive aggressive style
 I 've been burned again ! First Netscape 4.7 - > 6 is a step backwards now Sun Microsystems follows suit . You expect that going from version 5.2 - > 6.0 would be an UPgrade . The 5.2 calendar has been replaced in 6.0 by a spreadsheet ! This is simply a waste of money . The promise of a cross platform competitor to Microsoft has been squandered . If you need that then stick with 5.2 ...
 Sorry I ever tried this software . Trying to save money . Does n't have anywhere the function or ability of MICROSOFT products , difficult and frustrating to use . I am selling my version now ... I will happily pay the price for something that WORKS .
 The functionality of this software product leaves a lot to be desired . You can purchase MS Office and have the complete package and be very pleased.The Star Office is full of bugs , slow and the user interface is ugly .
 Most `` offices '' have email and a calendar . StarOffice 6.0 has neither . StarOffice 5.2 had both . Will Sun remove the word processor from version 7.0 ?
 I tried this product for five minutes and it crashed five times . It runs like a hog and is worth about 5 cents . So if you like wasting your money go right ahead . Like me you will be right back to Office . : -LRB-
 My only question would be `` why ? '' If you are using a Windows operating system , just go with Microsoft . And if you 're using Linux , I 'd have to ask `` why ? '' as well . If you really want to use Linux , I suppose this is for you . Otherwise , it 's a ridiculous purchase . This came for free on a computer I once owned and I deleted it .
 After installing StarOffice on my PC operating under Windows XP , all of my programs were erased and the fan in my computer ceased to work . The reason I know StarOffice is accountable for this mishap is that as I clicked the -LRB- FINISHED -RRB- button after the installation , the fan immediately stopped and my computer crashed seconds later . Now I can no longer play Diablo 2 , I was almost at the end of the game . I say F ' StarOffice 6.0 .
 There are some people that would rather save money than anything else . My friend John would love this software so I plan to send it to him . He does n't want to spend money so bad he would endure something like this software . I tried it just to see if it could offer any competition to the overpriced Microsoft Office Suites . It ca n't begin to challenge MS Office or Corel WordPerfect Office . The reasons are as follows :1 . The applications are not user friendly .2 . It functions far slower than office .3 . If you try to import or export to your friends with MS or Corel apps you will have major problems with the formats .4 . It ca n't handle large documents , your system will slow to a crawl or lock up .
 The spec may say fully MS Office compatible , but it 's not . The first file I tried to open was an Excel file that was password protected . Star Office simply told me that it was unable to open the file and had an error that it was uable to rectify . It knew the file had a password but could n't even open a dialog box asking for a password . A lot of my files are P/W protected and I receive a lot from other people . This program is essentially useless when working with P/W protection .
 I purchased StarOffice 6.0 hoping to save some money ; the fact that I would n't have to patronize Microsoft was a bonus . Alas , I have had nothing but troubles with this program . I create and work with numerous text documents daily in my job , and there were always problems converting StarOffice docs to Word docs and vice versa . Formatting would be changed or lost virtually every time . Track Changes would n't stick . Worst of all , twice my StarOffice documents simply ceased to exist . They disappeared for no reason and could n't be retrieved -LRB- believe me , I tried -RRB- ; the second time the same document disappeared from both my hard drive and my floppy within minutes . I really wanted to like this product ... now I 'm buying Word 2002 .
 Hi , Beware of buying AmericanSystems newest Print Screen Deluxe . There is no email support . I tried to phone them and no one is returning my pleas for help . I now paid for version 6.1 twice , and it keeps saying it is STILL a trial version and will run out in 30 days !!! I have owned print Screen 2.0 up to version 5.0 . I will find my old copy of PSD and install it , and be out 29.95 twice ! I wo n't try a third time to register Print Screen Deluxe 6.1 This is sad ... Wally
 This game has so many bugs , it 's not worth the bother . The BAM ! site has a long list of bugs and special requirements , but the patches damage your system . I pity the child that would have to deal with all of this , obviously there is NO quality control at this company . The specs on the box are totally misleading . Extremely poor software developement , buy from a more reputable and competent company .
 I have been using Finale for several years and , while it is sufficient most of the time , I am constantly frustrated by how totally unintuitive it is . Even after going through tutorials and guidebooks , I still found it slow going . I finally got a copy of the new version of Sibelius and am just floored by how much better I like it . As a Mac user , I especially appreciate the ease and aesthetics of the Sibelius user interface . Plus , there are some Sibelius-specific features that are just really thoughtful -LRB- especially the Ideas palette -- great for sketching out compositions or saving alternative melodies -RRB- . Music notation software is expensive
 Unbelievably hard to use . It takes forever to input notes , simple things like chord symbols are difficult to figure out , and figuring the layers part is impossible.Get Sibelius or wait until something better comes out . I ca n't describe how frustrated I feel after trying to use this program . The one good thing about Finale is that the notation looks clean and professional . Getting the notes on paper is a whole other story.This is a waste of my time .
 Photoshop Elements 2.0 is indicated as being compatible with Windows XP which I have on a new Dell PC , however , I have encountered several problems including the `` help '' and `` tutorial '' functions not working . I checked the Adobe forum web site and I found that other folks have reported the same/similar problems with PE 2.0 on an XP platform.I have installed all Windows XP and PE 2.0 updates and have reinstalled PE 2.0 with no improvement.Unless you enjoy working Windows compatibility issues -- go elsewhere !
 I will never buy another Adobe Product . This program has a very steep learning curve . Once I got the hang of it I found that every time I want to use it I have to reinstall it , and it wo n't work if I do n't let it call home for permission . This wastes a lot of time . Much as I hate to do so , I will go back to Microsoft .
 I owned this product for a week or two and feel like I was taken to the cleaners . Hard to understand , difficult to work with pictures and takes forever to boot up . I 've done alot of digital photo work and can say that I have never used such a lousy piece of software . I am not a Microsoft groupie , but their PictureIt software definitely puts this to shame .
 First of all , the rebate requires evidence of having previously purchased other Adobe or similar products . If you have the materials to satisfy all of Adobe 's stipulations , and are left handed and born on February 29th , you may qualify for the rebate.Now , try and run the blasted thing . On my Windows XP it ca n't find AOL even when it is lurking there in the background . To register the product or run the tutorial you must go online , but it ca n't . Adobe 's website indicates that internet explorer 4.0 must be present , and that the proper path must be written in the whatever file , but immediately warns that this path should only be attempted by a someone qualified to do so and that ordinary mortals like me should take up kite flying.Well , I now learn that my system has Internet Explorer 6.0 and Adobe 's klunker is still as befuddled as I am.If you wish make a charitable donation to Adobe you may do so by buying this product . Otherwise I strongly suggest avoiding it at any cost .
 Is Bill Gates running Adobe now ? I have used and recommended the earlier versions . They were great ! There are bugs all through this release . Steal an earlier version . This one is n't worth buying .
 I 've had photoshop elements 2.0 for about a year . It reams your memory , and all of a sudden just quit working . I have reinstalled it twice , it still would n't load a picture.The website has no support.Camera software is better . Do n't waste your money .
 Product is probably fine , however , a $ 30 manufacturerrebate offer applies only to those upgrading.The cloest Adobe or Amazon comes to acknowledging thisis `` rebate information on box '' , thus you have to purchasethe product , receive it , then find out if you qualify.Amazon blatenly advertises $ 30 man . rebate as if therewere no special conditions .
 In the year 2003 , it is shocking that a program with such a vile user interface is marketable . Even the product 's fans admit that it 's so complex you need a book to use it . They accept this as the price of power . That 's nonsense
 I recently purchased Adobe Photoshop Elements 2.0 . When I try to use the `` Help '' buttons , I get an error message . Adobe technicians have explained that the problem is created because I have AOL as my access to the web and AOL somehow overrides the normal path Adobe Help is suppose to follow . Thus , I can not use the quick drop downs for Help which are suppose to be a click away . Their solution was to establish a special Help icon on my desktop . Anytime I need Adobe Help , I have to minimize Adobe , click on the special desktop icon , and then go in search of the specific item I need help on . It does not key back to the specific item on which I needed help , but instead presents the normal main Help menu from which to begin the Help search . Seeking help for me is formidable and time consuming task !! Adobe understood and recognized my problem/delima . Adobe technicians tell me they do not know when , or if , a solution will be available .
 Even though Photoshop Elements 2.0 is good software I can onlygive it 2 stars due Adobe 's lack of warranty and tech . supportthey give this product . The customer only gets 1 tech supportphone call issue ; there after you will be charged $ 25 per new issue . The same applies for E-Mail issues . BUYER BEWARE ! Adobecan be reached @ 1-800-833-6687 .
 I can not increase the size of a picture . I have tried and tried and the book is not any help . I am gon na try another program . I had Corel on my very old computer and loved it , but the cost is very high . SOOOOO I bought this . NEver again
 Perhaps this software is intended for a more patient and persistent person than myself . I spent about 5 hours trying to do `` layers '' on this software and found it to be the most counter intutitive piece of software I have ever seen or used.If I could I would return this software immediately to the manufacturer and never buy an Adobe product again -LCB- which I never will -RCB- . If you do buy this product expecting a rebate be very careful of the conditions of the rebate.The rebate coupon is in the box and nothing on the outside tells you what the conditions are . I did not have another specific Adobe product installed -LCB- and never will again -RCB- and was not elgible for rebate . Customer service and headquarters were not helpful telling me I should have contacted Adobe to see the terms of the rebate . I contend it should be right up front where you can see all the terms of the rebate before purchasing . Typical of Customer Service the world over they were polite but useless.It is not the principle , it is the money . Still this is a very difficult , counter intitutive , hard to learn and use piece of software . I recommend most anything else for the person that wants to do something with images and layouts and not thumb through poorly written manuals with obscure hard to understand explanations . I was able to do what I wanted to do , make a photo layout on 8-1/2 X 11 and edit it , with HP Photosmart Photo Printing in about 4 minutes .
 I thought this would be the best photo program around . And it very well may be . But I can not even figure out how to get rid of the red eye . It is by no means easy to navigate , for a novice anyway . Maybe it is my comupter but the program is slow , to do anything . I hate this and would love to return but alas I opened the package . Oh well here I come ebay ...
 When I bought this program , I had great expectations . Boy , was I let down when I discovered you could only print one picture at a time and that you waste so much paper printing three , four or five pictures you do n't need . Tried everything and you can only select one picture at a time . Bad move Adobe , bad move . I would ' t rate this package one star except I was given no other choice by this site .
 This software is NOT easy to use . I am an average software user and generally learn quickly , but I ca n't figure out what is going on with this software without wasting a bunch of time reading user 's manuals . The tools are not self-explanatory and I have yet to enhance a single photo . I usually end up closing the program and using Microsoft Picture It ! Publishing , which is WAY more user friendly . If you are looking for an easy to use product to enhance your digital photos , I would NOT recommend this product . It must be for the pros ...
 I have an idea . Let 's take a very powerful , professional level software , yank some expensive features and shove it down the throats of average users . As a user , I am very familiar with Photoshop and use it with some regularity . I find many of the concepts and interface parts of elemtns familiar . But this is being pushed on non-pros which is my problem . I have had to become an Adobe customer support person fro my family because this darn thing is too hard to learn and get used to . Support from Adobe is almost non existent so I continually answer questions and teach usage to my family members . I should have tried something easier !
 I found it very difficult to get through the operation of the layers function in this software . The information provided did not explain clearly how to establish a background layer that would allow me to resize and join two photos . Seems pretty simple , but it was n't . I would n't recommend buying this software without taking a class to learn how to use it .
 Please note before you buy that in order to get the -LSB- -RSB- advertised rebate , you must already own a previous version of Adobe Photoshop you must supply the serial number of your PREVIOUS version . Adobe does not base this rebate on the fact that you bought their new version -- you have to already own the old version AND buy the new version . You will have a hard time finding out this little detail until after you have already made the purchase -- BUYER BEWARE !
 I got this for my MacBook with OS X and Dual-Core Intel Processor . Unfortunately , Elements 2.0 is n't compatible with Macs with Intel processors . This was nowhere in the description of the product , which is odd because Intel processors in Macs are fairly common these days . So , basically I 've got great software I bought to use on my MacBook , but instead can only use it on my PC.I 'm leaving a poor rating not because it is n't a quality product , but because buyers are so poorly warned of compatibility conflicts . The aforementioned rating only applies as long as this information is absent .
 I work with many picture programs , this one is not as easy as what was said . It was suppose to be campatible with Windows XP but this will not work in my computer because they had to unplug the twain in order to get it installed . I had trouble from the day I tried to install it . Ca n't use my scanner or my digital camera with this program without downloading to my hard drive . Ca n't import from either . Very difficult to understand and the language in the book is harder . I am not us to plug ins and I did not find the a lot of help from Adobe when I called in . They and I were both frustrated . Maybe it will work for you but it is a lot of money to find out . It is also non refundable !!
 It 's not that this program is n't useful , it 's that there are freeware photo editing programs that do everything this does and more in a more streamlined way . Before you buy this do a search for Photofiltre or any of the other freeware programs.Why waste your money like I did ?
 I downloaded the trial version and I had no problem installing it but I could not open it . It checked for plug-ins then went into initalizing and then I got the message `` Could not initialize Photoshop Emements because of a program error '' . I went to the Adobe Web Support site but I could find no help with the error . A seach of the newsgroups showed that several others reported a similar problem but there were no resolutions . I removed the program and went out and purchased Microsoft Digital Image Pro 9 . DIP loaded and opened with no problems and it works like a charm . Glad I tried the product on trial since I doubt Adobe customer support would have been much better had I laid out the cash for it .
 I am a quadriplegic and originally purchased Dragon NaturallySpeaking 9 Professional for its ability to command WindowsXP , to dictate using Microsoft Word , navigate the internet using Microsoft Internet Explorer and Firefox , and to type messages during my IM sessions using AOL Instant Messenger . Although the program worked as promised for a time , as soon as Internet Explorer , Firefox and AIM came out with software version updates Dragon failed to function to spec . It still dictates in Word , and its native Dragon Pad . It does not do so consistently with my browsers , IE7 Firefox 2 or AIM 6.5 . I was hoping there would be service updates as the products it is supposed to function with evolved , but that has n't been the case . I am using a state of the art headset and my system far exceeds the suggested system requirements for the program . I dictated this comment in Dragon Pad and had my attendant cut and paste it onto Amazon .
 ... i thought it was because I was n't using Microsoft applications that I was having so much difficulty using Dragon but I 've just observed the same behaviour within Microsoft applications!it frequently interprets the dictated text correctly -LRB- I can tell , since it 's displayed in its status box -RRB- , but does not perform the associated command or action . It even regularly types built-in command-text rather than executing the command!and no matter how many times I `` train '' it to learn certain words , these are misinterpreted.I 'd go so far as to say this has aggravated my RSI since it requires so much training -LRB- and only runs on Windows , where i 'm a UNIX user -RRB- . Oh , and did I mention that it 's a memory hog , regularly freezing my laptop , which exceeds its system requirements ?!
 I will definitely NOT buy this product . I refuse to be RIPPED OFF $ 10 for EACH AND EVERY time you e-maill or call customer service . This is totally ludicrous , and the support service should be included with the purchase of the product . Apparent Nuance Dragon Naturally Speaking is trying to squeeze every nickle and dime out of their customers . I refuse to by any product by a company that will do that to their customers . I think this is about the ONLY company that charges for their support . Try to find an alternative voice recognition software company who will support their product free of charge . SHAME ON YOU , NUANCE DRAGON NATURALLY SPEAKING .
 Theoretically -LRB- when considering the advertised functionality -RRB- this is a magnificent programme . However , in practice things can be quite different.I have used this software in three different versions -LRB- 7 , 9 , 9.5 -RRB- on three different operating systems on five different computers and have always had many problems with bugs , ranging from annoying to dramatic -LRB- making the software completely unusable -RRB- . When something does n't work , it can be quite hard to solve the problem because the error messages often do n't a lot , if you get an error message at all.I must say
 I will definitely NOT buy this product . I refuse to be RIPPED OFF $ 10 for EACH AND EVERY time you e-maill or call customer service . This is totally ludicrous , and the support service should be included with the purchase of the product . Apparent Nuance Dragon Naturally Speaking is trying to squeeze every nickle and dime out of their customers . I refuse to by any product by a company that will do that to their customers . I think this is about the ONLY company that charges for their support . Try to find an alternative voice recognition software company who will support their product free of charge . SHAME ON YOU , NUANCE DRAGON NATURALLY SPEAKING .
 The idea of such a program is good . The programs fails miserably . If you have never touched a computer you may get some really basic intruction , therefore I have generously awarded two stars . The problem is with the funtioning of the course . At least half of the exercises do not work for either the correct nor incorrect responses . If the progrtams were cleaned up , it might be a worthwhile tool , but as it is now do n't waste your money . Get an instruction book .
 I use microsoft outlook , and was excited that this product supposedly syncs with outlook . Yay , I thought . Well , first time I sync , it deletes all my outlook calendar items ! Took me an hour to restore everything to normal , and I have yet to find a setting where it wo n't do that!It takes over instead of simply staying synced . So fair warning , if you are an outlook user , backup before you try anything with this product !
 We have 2 PCs networked via a household wireless network , and have for years used Lotus Organizer on one of the PCs to keep our joint calendar . The functions of AnyTime Organizer are fine for us compared with Lotus Organizer , but we bought the product specifically because the calendar was supposed to be sharable between 2 PCs . This function works very poorly , with many error messages , hang-ups and program failures .
 If you are a Lotus Organizer user wishing to move to something more current , DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE . Their webpage advertises that Anytime can `` seamlessly '' import your Organizer data . First , I do n't agree that having to export from Organizer to an intermediate . csv file which Anytime reads meets the definition of `` seamlessly '' . But the real insult is that Anytime crashes when attempting to import either the exported Organizer Contacts or Events information . It 's fairly clear the `` seamless '' operation was never tested before releasing the product.Extended e-mail conversations with Anytime support proved less than helpful . This may be a good program if you are starting fresh , but if you have extensive Organizer Contacts and Events information you wish to maintain I 'd suggest you look elsewhere .
 I intended to use this product to sync with my Palm Life Drive . I was looking for a program that would allow me to print out slightly different calendar formats than I can do with the Palm Desktop , and they advertise that this program supports all Palm platforms . I have a lot of events in my calendar that repeat on alternating weeks , and I have them in my Palm PDA on 2 week repeats for the entire year . When I sync the PDA with the AnyTime `` Organizer '' , it includes these events , which is what it is supposed to do . However , it also creates duplicate events , randomly at four-day repeats , for the entire year , completely messing up my calendar -- that it was supposed to organize . I have deleted and re-loaded the program several times , deleted and re-synced the calendars , and it still does the exact same thing . Customer support still has not gotten back to me 10 days after I asked them how to fix this . Next time I contact them , I 'm asking for my money back . The Palm Desktop Software may not be fancy , but it works ! I would give this program 0 stars if I could ... as far as I can see , it has no advantages to me over the software that comes with my PDA .
 As stuff happens , I had a HD failure on my old computer . I attempted to reload this program on my new one figuring that since it was only being used on one computer that there should n't be a problem . Unfortunately , that 's not the case . I find the program wo n't funtion correctly . I ca n't load data on the daybook . I ca n't delete the program and the tech support wo n't answer my emails . I 'm thinking this software is designed to fail if it 's loaded onto another computer . I purchased the program on 11/17/06 so it 's still should be under warranty . Considering the level of tech support and the maliciousness of the software , I 'd suggest you look elsewhere .
 I bought this prog in hopes of converting lotus notes files to outlook and it did not work at all.Also , the anytime Earth Clock that is included in the bundle is 3 minutes fast.Geeze , ca n't even get the right time of day .
 I bought this program to use as an address book . I would recommend that you retain your paper address book , as it 's difficult to impossible to operate . This program is user hostile . Find something else .
 Like just about every other children 's game -LRB- think JumpStart -RRB- this game is made in Macromedia 's Director . And also , like just about every other children 's game , it is low-budget , low-talent and low-resolution . The game forces itself into 800x600x16-bit @ 60Hz and after you exit the game , guess what ? You 're still in 800x600x16-bit @ 60Hz . Because the programming talent is nonexistent the game is rigidly linear , forcing you to watch the mind-numbing instructions before EVERY game no matter how many times you 've played it previously . And , in what seems to be a trend among children 's games , it requires Administrator privileges to not only install , but also RUN the game ! I am not about to give my 28-month-old son those elevated permissions on the family computer . Not because I 'm afraid of intentional mischief but because I 'm afraid of the accidental damage he could do . The only things that save this title are the videos and cutscenes which feature plenty of time with the main characters and keep my son interested .
 My son absolutely LOVES Jay Jay the Jet Plane , but did n't get into this software at all . The games are boring and I could just see the disappointment in his face . I 'm glad I did n't pay full price , and instead bought it on clearance at a local retailer .
 Be advised that just because you printer has an IR input does n't mean it will work . Only a very few printers are compatible . Check the PrintBoy web site first for list of printers that will work .
 I have used Quicken -LRB- pc -RRB- for decades and was sick of them as much as the next person . Quicken 's 3 year sunset mode is a crime . I trialed MD 2011 and was disappointed immediately at the interface . Guess I 've been brainwashed by Quicken 's ease of use . I do simple finance which even Quicken Starter can handle . I 'm sure MD can out-pace Quicken on many levels but not for a simple user . MD did not download my correct -LRB- verified -RRB- checking acct . balance . It was way off , but tweakable . Online bill pay was a less flexible and was too basic even for me . Decided not to explore MD further and re-upped on Quicken . Maybe 3 yrs from now Md interface will improve so I 'm not chained to Quicken anymore .
 Quicken Essentials has not been updated in , well too long . So I tried Moneydance . It is nothing special . Menus are not logical . The layout so not friendly . You have to click on the top to use something at the bottom . The fonts are too small . The pulldown menus open with the least used choices first . Setting up printing requires manual testing instead of using the most common format . I personally quit trying to download a quicken file , and entered directly instead.While Quicken Essentials is only 20 % of the Windows version , it is far better than this .
 I was hoping to switch from Quicken to a Linux program like Moneydance so I tried the demo . On first glance , it seemed speedy and feature-rich . Then I clicked an unlabeled button to see what it did , and ... it deleted a whole account without any warning or confirmation , and without undo ! Ouch . That is too dangerous for my taste.On a smaller note , it was also easy to make Moneydance display incorrectly sized pie charts
 I am so disappointed and shocked to learn after purchasing this product that I would have to pay an additional $ 10/month to have it connect to my bank account ! This is ridiculous when you consider it is a free service when I used Mint.com -LRB- which is a free program -RRB- . Needless to say , I regret buying this program . Save your money !!
 Setting up online banking is impossible ! I do n't know how Moneydance has gotten so many good reviews ... the software is soo confusing !
 MoneyDance seems to have gone by the wayside . No support , no website , nothing . So waste of damn money . Do n't get it - if you 're looking for support .
 Since I want to get away from Quicken and MS Money , I looked around for other alternatives and found this one . I almost ordered even before trying demo version because nice reviews of others.PLEASE TRY the demo version first . And , if you have used any version of Money or Quicken , you 'll see what I mean.It 's nicely written program in Java , and cross-platform and all , but it 's just lack of so many features that others have . And the interface is simple , but not intuitive or pretty.Note also that it only supports TWO financial institutions for online-banking
 I tried the demo , and it imported my Quicken info okay . I could n't print anything , but I figured this must be a limitation of the demo , since everything else on my Linux -LRB- Kubuntu 8.04 -RRB- system printed just fine . So I paid my $ 40 to register , and it still wo n't print.After spending several days hunting down every link I could find on printing problems and trying every work-around , including all those listed in the bug tracker on Moneydance 's site , I filed a bug report . The report was immediately closed with a reference to one of the links I had already tried , along with a snotty reference to checking for duplicate tags first . When I re-opened the bug report to ask if that was all the support they intended to provide for a paying customer with a critical problem -LRB- if I ca n't write my checks , I will have to go back to Quicken -RRB- , the report was promptly deleted.So , do n't expect any useful support , even after you pay for the product . I 'm out $ 40 - do n't make the same mistake!Sadly , I guess I 'll have to go back to my Windows XP system and keep using Quicken 2000 . It still works .
 Too bad Amazon wo n't let me rate this product at less than 1 star , because it does n't even deserve that.Like many other Mac OS Lion users who have been abandoned by Quicken/Intuit , I 've been looking for another finance app . I was using demo versions of iBank , See Finance , and MoneyDance side by side for comparisons . The jury is still out on the other two , but MoneyDance is now in my Trash Can.Import of previous data from Quicken was a disaster . I was in the habit of saving new Quicken Data files every year , so I have multiple data files . Even just working with my current data from 2011 , the result was utter chaos . MoneyDance imported transactions without carrying over the opening balances , so all my accounts were screwed up and I had to correct the opening balances manually . Then I discovered that vast numbers of transactions were being duplicated because they were transfers from one account to another -LRB- for example , paying my mortgage involved a transfer of funds from `` Checking '' to `` Mortgage '' . -RRB- My account balances were hopelessly screwed up.I deleted all my data and started over , this time I exported each account from Quicken individually . So I had separate QIF files for checking , savings , mortgage , etc. ... Still had to correct all the opening balances by hand . And since `` checking '' was the first account I started with , each subsequent account that I imported screwed up my transactions & balances even more . So I had to delete `` Checking '' AGAIN , create it again , and then re-import all my transactions and correct the opening balance again.It was then that I realized that NONE of my old Quicken categories had been carried over into MoneyDance . I now have thousands of transactions in multiple accounts with no categories for any of them . I am not about to go back and manually enter all that info . So therefore the Reporting features are worthless to me.And oh , by the way , all the old accounts that I deleted mysteriously kept reappearing . I deleted them again , and they reappeared again . With the result that I had multiple accounts named `` checking '' , etc. . And I accidentally imported a year 's worth of transactions into the wrong one , so had to start all over again.This is just ridiculous . Does n't anyone test this software before releasing it to the public ? SeeFinance imported all my data from Quicken correctly the FIRST time , with all associated categories and opening balances . iBank did n't ... I had to enter the opening balances manually again , but at least it handled my categories correctly and old deleted accounts stayed gone.My advice to all Mac users looking to transfer data from Quicken
 What appears to be a clean , efficient system is crippled by a lack of documentation . The documentation barely covers what most users could determine through a day of experimentation.Setting up and using bank accounts is very easy . This is where the software shines.While the software includes investment tracking , the functionality of this feature appears to be too weak to be of much use.Rather than being a `` personal finance manager '' this software is best described as a `` personal bank account manager '' .
 I downloaded the demo version for Mac OS 10.5 ; my quicken files imported easily . I downloaded the QIF file to update my Visa account , but most of my transactions were flagged as possible duplicates -LRB- even though they were all new -RRB- . The interface was really clunky
 The company who makes this software set it up to be only used if you register the software . Which would be fine but the website is no longer up . So the software is useless !
 Do not , Do not , Do Not ! buy this horrid product . My one complaint it does n't work , if you want decent editing software use the software that comes with your respective operating system , Other than the fact that this software does not bloody well work , it just looks abilmaly bad . the screen is some odd magenta color . If one needs video editing due to system issues , look at the 1/2 price book store .
 This is a product from a company that no longer exists . The lack of a parent company means :1 . you can not register your purchase2 . you can not get `` the latest version '' as you are told to do by every writable surface within this box3 . there is no `` 24/7 '' support4 . you are better off tossing your money down a rat hole
 I purchased Magix Audio Cleaning Lab and was given an unlock code to use it in my computer . Problem is , when my computer crashed and needed to be reformatted , the same unlock code no longer worked . So I have a useless piece of software that I paid for and no longer can be opened . No problem , says their customer support web site ... resubmit the computer code and the purchase order and they will reissue you a new one . -LRB- Apparently this problem is to be expected with this product with any configuration change in your hardware -RRB- . I entered the EXACT information , cut and pasted from the invoice and it says the info is incorrect . Three e mails to customer support are to no avail . Good money down the drain . My experience with Magix Music Studio 6.0 was no better ... when I upgraded to Windows XP , the former version of Music Studio would n't work . No patches available , `` buy the new version '' was their admonition . STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY AND THIS PRODUCT !!! Their customer support is less than useless !!
 It is great for making MP3s ... the only problem is that it only allows one to make 20 MP3s before it asks you to go to their web site to buy an unlimited MP3 maker plug-in for the program . At the MP3 site , you have to give all of your information , including credit card number , before you find out what you are paying for the plug-in . Also , I think that they will release your private data to others , or at least that is the way that it appears . It does , however , restore older music very well ... but is it really worth the additional unknown cost when there are other similar products available that are complete when you buy them ? I avoided buying the MP3 plug-in come-on and use other programs where the consumer is not duped into thinking he bought a complete product , only to find out that what he bought was not what he thought .
 This software has some very nice features , easy recording and cleaning of the digital files , everything appears to work great -- until I tried to burn a CD . It will not work if Adaptec is installed on the PC and I have not been able to burn a CD even after I removed Adaptec . The Magix customer support was not able not offer a solution .
 I used Audio cleaning lab to try to clean up a bad live recording . It does a fine job of taking out the hiss but it alters other parts of the original recording , the applause and talking sounds as if it was being heard through a pipe . How about a better sampling rate and a more windows like interface ? You get what you pay for .
 Do n't loose your money on this one , the software is full of bugs and it claims to clear your recordings from old vinyle noises and it does not , user interface is not easy to use . Impossible to uninstall even with it 's own uninstall program . If you really want to buy it , go to Magix web site for a free trial first .
 This program does not work with computers pre-loaded with Adaptec 's Easy Cd Creator program .
 The program only supports a few drives . Later Plextors made in the last year are not supported . HP drives are the only later model drives that are supported . Because of this , I could not produce any CDs unless I exported the WAV files to another program to do the actual burning . The program was also very poor at determining where to set the track markers for the songs . Had to move many of the markers to the correct location . Program has lots of bells and whistles but it does not handle the basics well .
 When I purchased my new computer one of the main objectives I had was to convert my album collection to cd 's . As a result I purchased a powerful machine and selected XP for my operating system . My system came with Easy CD Creator and I found that to be a good program for burning cd 's . However I read the reviews on the Roxio Easy CD Creator Platinum Editon 5.0 which would allow me to transfer albums to cd 's and found that everybody who had XP could not operate that software and so I began look elsewhere.What I found was Magix 's Audio Cleaning Lab -LRB- ACL -RRB- . Almost every review here at Amazon.com indicated the software did a good job of cleaning and improving the sound and that it was user friendly . The one big drawback that I got from the reviews was that ACL did not work if Direct CD was installed on the computer . However some people did seem to be able to run the software and burn cd 's while others could not.I was able to purchase ACL for -LSB- a small amount -RSB- and figured I 'd give it a shot . The software was user friendly and after playing around with the various controls I was able to improve the sound of my albums . However I could not burn a cd . I e-mailed Magix and they sent me prompt e-mails back with sugguestion and patches to download . I had already removed Easy CD Creator from my computer and so I could not figure why I was still not able to burn cd 's ? I sent an e-mail requesting a direct line to speak to a tech at Magix and to my surprise I received a direct number to a techs desk . I had to pay for the long distance call but it was worth it . This way I did n't have to spend endless minutes waiting on hold for a rep to answer my call as I seem to do with most tech support lines . The tech offered several suggestions and I tried them all with no success.It seems to me that the Roxio CD Easy Creator and other various software products that use Direct CD are preloaded on most of the newer pc 's that are built today . Thus if Magix wants to do well and increase their sales they are going to have to get around this whole Direct CD issue . It dose n't matter how user friendly or good the program is if in the end you ca n't burn the cd 's . As a reuslt I am now considering purchasing Easy CD Creator Platinum 5.3 which is supposed to be XP friendly . I 'll wait to see the reviews before I purchase it.One last side note . When you clean an audio file with ACL the original audio file is unchanged on your computer ACL has a separate file that contains the changes you are making to the original audio file . I found that I can take the original unaltered audio file and transfer it to my Windows Media Player -LRB- WMP -RRB- and then burn that audio file to a cd . The only problem with this is that there are no separate tracks . In other words an entire album will play under one track . In order to create separate tracks you would need to record each individual song as a separate audio file . This obviously is a slow process and even if you have the patience to do this the material will not be cleaned .
 I bought this software for my daughter who wanted to learn some signing . The software itself crashed the first computer I installed it on . -LRB- Although all requirments were met for the software . -RRB- I then installed it on my computer . The result was wholely disappointing . The person signing for the story goes much too fast . I would have a hard time learning even the most basic signs , let alone my child .
 I wanted a program to help me document my `` new '' yard . I became a Master Gardener to learn how to do the yard and bought the program to record it . The program was more work than the yard -LRB- and it is a significant yard -RRB- It is limited , convoluted and took up so much space in my computer that it made my other computer tasks more difficult . I removed the program .
 The software was not what I expected . The 3D tools and views are incredible and can give the average person some ideas on how their landscape would look with some new shrubs , trees , deck , etc. . However , I needed to use this software to draw 2D sketches for landscape companies . I freelance with small landscape businesses to draw 2D sketches of residential and commercial landscaping proposals . In the 2D view of this software , you are limited to just a handful of shapes to represent trees and shrubs . Such as a small shrub is a small circle and a larger tree is represented by just a larger circle . If I wanted to do that I could have bought a regular drawing program . You will not have any views of the thousands of trees and shrubs available in the program unless you view it in a 3D virtual tour type view . Really not the right fit for me since I need to provide a sheet of paper to my clients who then send it to their customers .
 It was very helpful in planning my landscaping . Getting my home roof correct was tricky and my property has some slope in the front and I had a very hard time making it right . I planted 17 different varities of plants and I found about half of them in their plant directory .
 If you have anything other in mind than a square , flat yard with very basic standard plants , do n't bother buying this . Like the other reviewer , my lot is sloped and this program ca n't handle more than one terrain level change . Additionally , the plant selection is extremely limited . We 're in Colorado and trying to use xeriscaping to save on our water bill and not one of the plants i 'm looking for is included in the plant library . Sure you can import plant images into the program , but really , do you have time for all that ? I sure do n't .
 The learning curve for this software was way too long . I was looking for easy
 We got this game since our boy will be going to Kindergarten this fall . The description said it was XP compatible - but it wo n't even load .
 Just about the only thing I find this program useful for is creating a PDF file out of a scanned document . The OCR functions yield too many errors and are barely acceptable when compared with those of Omni-Page Pro , or even Readiris 8 , which came with my printer/scanner .
 do not recommand anyone about this product.this is not helpful at alland the document was not come out as it appear in the instruction .
 I have use an older version of this softaware and found it to be awkward as will many business plan software . Most bus plan software in general tries to make a basic task , that can be time consuming , but relatively straight forward , simplier . Actually a good MS Excel and MsWord templete would do the same thing . I have reviewed several types of BP software , I do n't think any of them would making my job much easier .
 My assessment of Business Plan Pro , after using it for several months is that , in summary , it is a tool , not a magic bullet . If you do n't understand business , it could render you a fool . But if you 've never written a business plan before and have no idea where to start , its great for showing you what goes into a business plan and helping you organize your thoughts.A Business Plan Pro business plan is composed of text , tables and charts . The system has a book that gives you some guidance on what to discuss for each text section but it 's not really much . The two books that my box included were
 I bought this program looking forward to an easy start to a business plan for an expansion project with my existing business . Business Plan Pro 2003 has NEVER worked with my Windows XP operating system . I have contacted Palo Alto customer service and technical support and have still not been able to resolve the problem . There response is that it is a third party problem with a XP update . They have been trying things and having me change set ups on my system and guess what ? IT STILL DOES N'T WORK !!! I am stuck with a program that does n't work and now no one will stand behind it .
 I had used BPP 4.0 at a previous employer . When I went to start a business of my own I purchased BPP 2003 . I have been Extremely unhappy with the product.The files I had created on BPP 4.0 could not be imported into 2003 . Tech support at Palo Alto did convert them for me so I ca n't complain about their support . The problem was that a lot of the detail from 4.0 / 2002 is lost importing to 2003 . BPP 2003 does not support all the features of 4.0 or 2002 . Detailed tables got converted to a `` simple '' format . User defined tables are not allowed so they were lost . Their website does n't mention the loss of features importing files from previous versions on the page covering imports from previous versions.To get the features of 4.0 or 2002 you need to purchase the `` Premier '' version.I wish they had named it Business Plan Pro Lite to reflect the true features and I would have bought the Premier version .
 I was pretty excited to start using Business Plan Pro after reading some positive reviews ... But my opinion changed quickly after installing the program to my Windows XP operating system . Immediately , I experienced bugs . When I launched the program my machine locked up . Not sure how it works on other systems .
 There are too many non-intuitive things about this software program . You are better off creating a template in Word , and using excel for forecasting , especially if you offer more than 5 products in services-since you are going to have to export them to excel anyway.Sales forecasting does not take into consideration real world data such as maximum output , or a high low analysis , so you are literally pulling numbers out of your ... . Not only that but if you spend 45 minutes tweaking your chart , and you do n't have sales in the first month , and you hit the project buttion , it resets itself ... sorry there is no ` undo ' button , you have to cancel and start again.Chart displays are -LSB- messed -RSB- up if you have more than a couple of products and services , even though there are custom formatting properties , they are designed with the premise that you have knowledge and a whole vocablulary full of chart words , and terms , and descriptions , otherwise yo have guess the format that works best , then hit ` apply ' . Note that there are hundreds of possible settings.I am no idiot when comes to software programs since I myself have developed programs , and have been developing them for years . Although to the Palo Alto software support , this one will be classified as a `` user error '' , rather than a features suggestion.The program lockups up in xp pro and ... of course they blame this on microsoft.With the elimination of any ` feature suggestions ' from customers and blaming the flawed product design on the user , Palo Alto software offers no room for improving their Business Plan Pro Software ... what a pity.Start your Business plan using Word , and Excel . Then just get a book of business formula 's and business plan layouts , both books are less than Busines Plan Pro 2003 . You will have a lot more control over what your charts look like , you 'll have more control over how accurate your sales forecasting is , and more control over what your text displays , a lot more features , and reliability.At first business planning seems like an overwhelming taks , and one might think that you can go through the plan easier with this software , and this may seem true at first , but to do accurate sales forecasting you have to actually go out of the business plan -LRB- which defeats the purpose of it in the first place -RRB- and use a normal spreadsheet like excel , or quattro pro.I would not have written this software review if Palo Alto Software would not have pointed all the software flaws at me , and just admitted their software has bugs and flaws .
 I own Microsoft Publishing 2000 , which I bought several years ago for just -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- , of which I have always had success . A couple months ago , I bought Microsoft Publisher for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- , thinking it would be more improved , up-to-date , and that it would have the same features as Microsoft Publishing 2000 , with more . I was wrong.Microsoft Publishing 2000 had everything
 The Broderbund ClickArt Photo software -LRB- distributed by ENCORE -RRB- arrived on 2 CDs . The first one is the instillation CD . When inserted into the CD-ROM it did not run automatically . When openend by entering a command , it openend the Windows Audio player . Ther instillation CD has 17 tracks of an `` audio interview with a dentist '' . I thought that I had bought a clip art CD to enhance my power point presentations . This is weird.I e-mailed the customer service for an explanation and replacement but there has been no reply from ENCORE . The phone number given only has recorded messages.It seems that my money was wasted in the purcahse of this product .
 My copy of this CD , which I purchased through Amazon.com , did not come with a serial number . Therefore , when I attempted to use the CD , I could n't . I left several voicemail messages and sent a number of e-mails to modus 5 , but to no avail . My baby is due in about a month , and I still am not able to use this CD because I do n't have a serial number , and I have not heard back from Julie Lyss -LRB- or anyone else -RRB- at modus 5 despite my numerous attempts to contact her . I am very disappointed and feel that I have wasted my money with this product . I wish I could get a refund . Better yet , it would be nice to get a serial number so that I could utilize the CD .
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 UGH ! For my first 15 minutes of reviewing the DVD , I choose the math portion as that is where my children need the most help . I selected Fractions & Decimals , a critical base knowledge needed for all following math instruction . You 'd think that out of the 3 or 4 example problems in each section there would be no errors , but there were in fact a few . Inexcusable , obviously nothing was reviewed.First impressions , make me feel that the rest of the instructions were probably put together with the same thought and care . Not good enough .
 Buying this for my daughter , I just went through it only to find that it 's just like the videos I was forced to watch as a child in school . The graphics are updated but many slides and videos are narrated by a voice so slow and calm that it almost caused me to sleep while just looking through it.If you are looking for something that will stimulate your child 's curiosity or at the very least get to the heart of the subject efficiently , this is not the package for you !
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 There is no question . This is probably the worst operating system to ever come out into the computer industry . Basically , its a piece ... Well , you know what I mean . I promise you , there is a VERY GOOD REASON WHY WINDOWS IS THE MOST POPULAR OS IN THE WORLD . Most of what this OS has is stolen from other OS 's , even things like widgets -LRB- on the dashboard -RRB- , minimizing windows -LRB- from Microsoft Windows -RRB- , the very NAME `` Windows '' -LRB- used to describe open applications on the desktop -RRB- , maximizing windows , virtually everything on it is copied from other OS 's , and there is a reason why Apple did this . Their OS is terrible , and they needed to steal from other companies in order to make theirs popular , which even now is n't as popular as Windows , which it stole primarily from . The reason I am writing this review is n't just to trash something on the net , its to help others not fall into the trap that Apple makes out of its OS . Sure , alot of proffesional people use it , but that 's because they only need to do one thing , and Apple can do that , but nothing else . If you need to do anything other than browse the web -LRB- Apple ca n't even do that very well , with Safari -RRB- , then get Windows .
 for a 120.00 $ $ I wanted to see a wow !! It did n't happen ...
 I got this os with my new iMac , it plays music from a CD , the software comes with none . It plays dvd 's . No tutorials to help you get started , it does have some microsoft junk bundled with it . I paid more to get a mac so that I would not half to deal with microsoft . The printed documentation is of little help . My first iMac 9.1 came with a lot of extras , Appleworks , music , movies , and a good tutorial . Also none of my software that I am running on 9.1 will work on Tiger.Not happy with my $ 2,000 + purchase .
 I first used this program 10 years ago when it was just about the only film budgeting program available . I 've since used other programs which were a lot easier to use.First of all , it 's just too complicated ! I mean , after you buy the program you have to PAY for classes -LRB- or buy another CD -RRB- , just to learn how to use it . For this much money I expected more.Many of the `` templates '' for major and minor studios are for companies long since out of business . -LRB- By-the-way , I 've never had a studio , distributor , etc. , EVER ask me to provide a budget on a specific template . -RRB- The latest version is still pretty much the same thing they sold years ago . You 're was forced to go through level after level of detail just to change one thing . I do n't think a program should be designed this way . You ought to be able to just change a figure here or there and see the difference . Heck , even a spreadsheet can do this very easily.Also , the program STILL prints out a bunch of largely blank pages ... a waste of paper and time.Even though there are a bunch of templates included with the package , they all kind of look the same anyhow ... just moved around a bit.I do n't know about others , but for me a film budget is something you make to prove to others you can make the film -LRB- or commercial , documentary , etc. -RRB- , for what you say you can . That is , I plan to spend this much above the line and this much below the line ... and this is how I want to spend it all . So , all that budgeting detail -LRB- which is fine -RRB- , is kind of a waste of time . Exactly how much you spend/spent on something is something best left for an accounting program.But the BIG problem with Movie Magic is that you ca n't share an electronic version of your budget with anyone else unless they have a copy of the program too!The good news is that the program did n't crash on me this time . It 's a much more stable program than before . But I still think you should save your budget often ... and with different names so if it does crash you have n't lost everything.At -LSB- $ $ $ 's -RSB- I do n't think it 's worth the money .
 I purchased this game for my in home day care children . The preschoolers love Scooby Do so I wanted to give them some computer time and fun . They were extremely excited to see I had a Scooby Do game . As they began playing it they lost interest quite quickly . It was not easy , challenging nor fun . It seems a bit more for older age children yet too repetitious to hold interest . Was not happy with this purchase .
 I received this cd as a Christmas gift . To this day , we have n't been able to get the CD to work . This gift was a disappointment .
 I tried it on 3 different PCs of different platforms . All gave the same error message . I LOVE the idea of software , and we always want more educational fun titles !
 I bought this for my son and it never worked on his computer . It said it was compatable with his operating system , but it had problems from the moment we started to install it . My husband is a computer programmer and has been fixing computers for 15 years and could n't get this to work .
 I could n't get it to work on my computer . My husband tried and could n't either , and he 's a computer engineer .
 It specifically states on the box that it will work with Leopard , but it crashes every time I open it before I can actually do anything . Quickverse does not acknowledge this software on their website , and when I asked for help through their automated online support request , I got back a canned answer about a patch coming out for their other products , but no mention of this product . You can email Sales , but not Support ; I emailed Sales and asked them to forward it to Support , but I never heard anything back . Granted , I paid $ 10 for this software , but it has very limited features , and I refuse to do business with a company that provides poor service . If you have a Mac and can not afford Accordance and can not wait for Logos , Quickverse products are your main option , but get the 2007 White or Black box edition - at least they acknowledge those on their website , and there is a patch to make them work with Leopard .
 I bought the Platinum program for one hundred and ninety nine bucks and it works for awhile . Customer service is aweful . They used to be good and answer your questions , but now its like they went out of business , and guess what guys , if they go out , so does your program , no warning . All thier programs have a phone home to check to see if your copy is legit and if it gets no confirm it shuts it down . That is where I am at . They dont answer the phone or emails . Web Grip is missing in action . Right now I am fighting with them through the better business Bureau and they arent wanting to help at all . It took the BBB to get them to respond at all.Look elsewhere and dont get anything from WebGrip as you will be left holding the bag .
 I was not very happy with this product . I spent about 45 minutes looking thru the Lite & Healthy recipes only to discover that some of the ingredient lists were not complete ... words were left out of the text , so I do n't trust the accuracy of the recipes . I was very disappointed in the number of recipes in this 3 CD set . I expected a lot of recipes in every category . If the writers spent a little more time proof reading the recipes and including a photo of the completed dish -LRB- only a few have photographs -RRB- , they would have a much better product . The format is also disappointing because it opens too big on my 151/2 '' laptop screen and I ca n't grab the bottom to make scrolling and reading easier and text does n't wrap if you make the window more narrow . I wo n't use this product .
 I was soooooo excited about this product , it sounded good , and the reviews were very good . I tried the diebetic cd first and the video had no sound . Awhile later I was offered the chance to by a program that allowed me to watch the videos , for 10 bucks ! Wait , that should be free . It closed on me many times , although there were a lot of food options.Then I tried the vegitarian cd and there were no videos . I was very suprised that for a cooking cd there were only pictures of 17 recipies . My computor expert boyfriend and I tried to use the other features , but found the instruction book to be lacking.I will try it again , but was very disapointed the first time and would not reccomend it .
 This is probably the most awful piece of software I have ever purchased . Half of the components were n't even available -LRB- it advertises the ability to save via PDF , but that option was n't available , for example -RRB- . The saving thing was the worst -- because the code for saving via PDF was n't even included even though it was supposed to be , you can only save in one format -- and it 's a format completely unreadable outside of the program . It is also very ameteur with very few options for making scrapbook pages -- it 's near impossible to make any of the designs on the CD-Rom jacket.I do n't recommend this product at all -- 4 hours after I installed it , I ended up uninstalling it and throwing it in the trash . I 've even used Microsoft Powerpoint to scrapbook and had better results than this program .
 This sounded like a good strategy game but it does n't live up to the hype . Very poor directions , not intuitive for gaming and beware that if it 's made in England it probably wo n't work for the U. S. consumer .
 Purchased as a Christmas gift . We installed it in December , and still have not been able to get this to run . Have been all over the internet attempting suggested `` fixes '' to no avail . I 'd really like a refund ! Peeved Consumer .
 Prohibited SoftwareAs per Amazon.com Policies , only full retail versions of software may be sold through Amazon.com . Additionally , please be aware that OEM , academic , promotional , beta , NFR , back-up , recopied , and freeware & shareware versions of software are prohibited.Sellers can not verify academic eligibility of customers since policies prohibit this and they are violating thier agreements with Microsoft . I reported this to Microsoft and they are investigating and possible impacts to customers purchasing this product . Please call Microsoft if you do not believe me.Amazon.com is violating their own policies and sell directly to customers . Maybe their own policies do not apply to themselves.refer to Help > Selling at Amazon.com > Policies & Agreements > Community Rules > Seller Offenses & Prohibited Contentreview Help > Selling at Amazon.com > Policies & Agreements > Community Rules > Selling Software
 In spite of the cost being reasonable , I think 1 cent , it was n't worth the postage I paid , and it was useless . I thought it would have a menu of some sorts and found that the diet recommendations not reasonable either .
 I purchased this product because I thought it would help with counting calories . It does n't and the interface is difficult to use for the things it does do such as recording daily blood pressure . It would be easier to design a spreadsheet to record and chart the same things .
 It 's clumsy and , more often than not , just plain wrong . I bought this primarily for a friend who is , in many respects , very much a beginner guitarist . I spend an inordinate amount of time editing the mistakes the software makes . I would not recommend this product to a beginner . An experienced player would not need the software because their ear would serve them better than the program . However , an intermediate player might find the product useful , especially the feature which slows down the song without changing the original key to the song . Good for practicing solos . But I understand there are other products that also have that capability . If you ignore all of the `` noise '' and by `` noise '' I mean unnecessary chord changes that the program picks up from other instruments or vocals , it will tell you the key of the song and -LRB- usually -RRB- the basic chord structure of the song . After that you 're on your own .
 If you are looking for a `` chord finder '' software , then this is about the best you 're going to get . Unfortunately , there is n't much out there that works . This software gives you an idea of what chords go where , but do n't bet your house they will be right . This software DID NOT work on Vista . I tried several times to get it to work , but it never did . Do n't buy it if you 're wanting to use it on Vista ! It works OK on WinXP , but there are still little things that are n't reliable ... like the chords . I tried on several occasions to contact the `` customer support '' , but I do n't believe there is such a department . I never heard back from them a single time . As I said , it is about the best out there . It did help me to get close to what chords went where . Hopefully , in the near future , there will be a `` chord finder '' software that actually works .
 I 've been using Sienzo Digital Music Mentor for a couple of years and it works to get the general feeling for the chord changes of a song . I find the chords are n't always exactly right and they throw chords in where they do n't have to , but the worst part about this software is Sienzo 's customer service if you need help . THERE IS N'T ANY!If you need help like I did a few times , you might as well talk to the wall because nobody ever returns your emails . Once they 've made the sale , you no longer matter ... you simply do n't exist any more in their eyes .
 I purchased Digital Music Mentor directly from Sienzo as a download approximately 2 years ago . As others have mentioned , it is not perfect in finding correct chords . However , they tell you this , so I feel there is no misrepresentation . I love the program and have thoroughly enjoyed it , Except for the fact that it all too often reverts back to demo mode . Usually a restart would clear the problem , but at times I would have to provide my serial number -LRB- carefully written down and safely stored -RRB- and computer ID code in order to create a new license file . For some reason this no longer works and I now have a `` demo '' version that I paid over 70 US dollars for . There is No 24/7 online support as they advertise on their home page . It looks like a possibility that I now have a program that will never work again . I have read of others buying DMM in a retail box version and that being a demo version that they were unable to unlock . It is a shame as the program , regardless of it 's imperfections , is a fun and useful tool . However , it is useless when it requires a `` license file '' from Sienzo to keep it working and you ca n't get one . Do n't buy this !
 Do not buy this product . It is exceptionally hard to load and then it will not work . Broderbund has a tech support that hits a new low for not caring about its customers . Sorry stuff period .
 THIS ONE OF THE POOREST PROGRAMS I HAVE EVER GOTTEN . IT IS HARD TO USE . IF I HAD NOT DAMAGED THE BOX I WOULD SEND IT BACK . WORKS SLOWLY AND SURPORT IS NOT TO BE HAD . IT CAME WITH PRINT SHOP 21 THAT IS NOT SURPORTED ANY MORE . I GOT THE PROGRAM 5/11/2007 BUT FIND THAT EMAIL HELP IS OVER . THE ONE PATCH FOR PRINT SHOP 21 IS VERY HARD TO USE AND I HAVE BEEN USE A PC FOR 12 YEARS .
 On the front of the box it says it can be used for Power Point presentations , business letterheads , and has built in Business templates , when I received the box it had a disclaimer that the photos can not be used for products for re-sale , I purchased this product to do a work at home video and spent all morning evaluating the different software 's and now I find out it is totally worthless to me . I went to there website and it says allow 4-6 weeks for a refund ! I am going to turn them into the FTC for false advertisement !
 Even though I had all of the system requirements listed to properly install and use this product and followed instructions diligently I found it impossible to start ... After many attempts by me and others to get results I ran everything through my shredder and now I feel much better ... I hope you have better luck than I did ...
 I was not impressed by the images and less impressed that it was all online . I have a fast computer with 2 hard drives and WiFi internet service which is fast and I had to wait forever for the clip art to load . It does have a nice editing feature , but not nice enough to keep the product .
 After 4 hours and several installs and uninstalls I decided to try to return it . I can not get it to work with my windows XP .
 I `` second '' another reviewer 's disdain for this product . Upon opening the box , the legal contract states that you can not use anything from this product for anything that you might want to sell.So , if you are a -LRB- very -RRB- small-time business person , you could n't sell a calendar , greeting card , or promos . You are only supposed to use the art for `` personal '' use . Given that limitation -LRB- personal use only -RRB- , why not just get art off of the internet ? What 's the point of buying this product?Think about this
 I aggree with another reviewer about Broderbund you purchase their products and you realy get nothing in return , as what you purchased you may , aswell already said have downloaded it from the internet , I purchased print master and its totaly useless to me as I am into sublimation and can not use it in my own projects
 Most of the images that I would like to use are n't on the DVD but have to be downloaded from the Internet . I bought the set for its anatomy content , but many of these are cartoons . They would serve the consumer better by separating these collections into categories that were aimed at specific audiences .
 I cant believe I am reviewing such an old purchase , but I would like to point out that a lot of the content listed in the product description is only available online . Unless I majorly misunderstood something .
 I 'll never know if I like this software or not . Technology/downloadable software , etc. . . should be a one-click experience not 3 + futile hours of your life you will never get back . 4 emails , 2 password resets , numerous phone calls all in the span of 3 hours with nothing to show for it but a 10 day wait for my refund . Oh , and a destroyed house where the kids were keeping themselves ` occupied ' while I obsessed over this ridiculous foray into the technological glitch that is the Broderbund Website/SmartApp/Customer Service Department .
 The disk arrived in a plastic box used for CD 's -- not a regular package . The installation directons , printed on the disk itself , state that auto-run will begin when the disk is inserted in the disk drive . Nothing happened and I had to use My Computer and the Setup.exe file to start the installation . About halfway thru the process , it stopped and would not restart . Our son -LRB- a computer guy -RRB- said the disk is a standard cheap copy type that we can purchase anywhere -- not the usual higher quality that Broderbund would use . Finally we got it installed on the main computer but it would not install on my laptop . I guess it 's true -- you get what you pay for . This was cheap enough and that 's good . If I have any more problems , I will return it to Amazon .
 Please look around and be more futuristic.Peachtree has lots of unfixed bugs and is out dated . I tested some software and found some really good , with reasonable price
 I only tested the Single User one.We are not in an industrial age any more ! We want better software , much easier to use , and better interface . Why Peachtree is that hard ? Remember DOS ? How hard it was when Windows came about ? Now peachtree is like that if you have used better software
 Whatever you do , do n't order the downloadable version of this software . I ordered it last night and downloaded it but it wo n't allow me to access the product without a product key -- which usually comes with the disc or , if a downloadable software , an email is sent to customer with a product key . Memory mixer never provided me with a code and has been unreachable all day . Their website is now down and their phone numbers are n't working either . I would n't even think this was a real business except for the fact that Amazon has reviews of the product ! I would DEFINITELY be wary before ordering this product . I just hope I 'm able to use it eventually !!
 Save your money . It is too limited to do much . I 've not used it at all but I have used my Apple computer to create many awesome digital scrapbooks .
 This is/was a great piece of software that no longer seems to be supported . It definitely does not run `` out of the box '' under Windows Vista . How it can command a price of $ 20 is beyond me , unless it has somehow become a collector 's item . I will try this on an `` XP '' machine one of these days and will update my review if it runs under that environment .
 This would be a great product if it had a working license number so that I could print without a watermark . I 'll be sending it back .
 This is a fun and interesting game , but I prefer action , and a game where you can get really interactive doing things . This you just take care of a dog , whic s great but will wear off . Hope this helps .
 This game sucks ! I bought it with my last couple of bucks from my birthday and when I went to play it I nearly fainted ! I like action games like Battle Arena Toshinden . Not very many people know what that game is but it is one of the best games I own . I ended up giving dogz it to my 3 year old cousin . You cant save either . So every time you turn it on you have to pick a dog name it pick a color and make it like you . There is no level s of play either , just one level the whole time ! Take my advise DO N'T BUY IT !! : -RRB-
 I recieved a certifiacate from my aunt for christmas for amazon.com . I immediatly purchased this game . I was so excited i turned it on to find that it was a waste of money ! In this game
 My friend bought DogZ - I played it and thought it was a pretty neat game cuz you got ta have a pet . But then I was like this game really stinks ! After 15 minutes your finished with it and never play it again . Some people may like it because you get a pet . If you cant have a pet-get it . Otherwise dont !!!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this product and upon attempting to install it discovered that it was thoroughly infected . I used every utility at hand -LRB- including MacAfee and PC , etc. -RRB- to try and clean it so I could use it but was unsuccessful . I contacted the manufufacturer and informed them of what had ooccurred and they informed me that `` We do n't send out software with viruses on it '' . Stop . End of Story . What a bunch of chumps !
 I was really excited to get this software . But since I have WIndows Vista -LRB- which is the worst program I have ever dealt with -RRB- it will not install . I got on their website and followed their instructions and it still has not worked . I have emailed them twice and am still waiting for a response .
 I 'm a sole practitioner CPA and maintain about 20 separate sets of clients ' books in my office . Since both Intuit and Peachtree have `` professional advisors programs '' which aggressively solicit CPAs to shill for their software , I should also state that I 'm in no way affiliated with either of them , nor any other software company -LRB- the fact that I must mention this demonstrates where the accounting profession is headed , but that 's another story -RRB- . I realize that I 'm swimming upstream here , but , in a word , I detest Quickbooks . My clients who use it routinely bring me sets of books which they have messed up so badly that I run up big fees unraveling their errors . The reason , in short , is that Quickbooks is not a legitimate double-entry self-balancing accounting package . I believe that it 's merely a dressed-up , aggressively marketed version of Intuit 's checkbook program , Quicken . Because of this , it 's far too easy to make serious errors which the software will not detect . Just one example
 While QB 2001 has it 's good points , I have seen better products.There are 3 things that I have a real problem with .1 . The reports , other than the financials , are very poor . Forget about getting a list of customers with addresses that you have invoiced . It ca n't be done . Or if it can , I have n't found it after several hours of trying .2 . Run all options before downloading an update . I downloaded an update before running my first 940 report and then got system errors . The only help I have gotten is to reload the software , but horror stories on the message board concerning the loss of use of the database after reinstalling after an update have convinced me I can live without that report . I guess I could pay the exorbitant support fees to fix a software bug , but I 'd rather do the report manually . I hope my W2 's work .3 . If you only have a couple employees , do n't get this to do your payroll . You will get charged $ 129 annually -LRB- minimum -RRB- for tax changes you do n't need every 45 days , and there is no way to get them annually . Very disappointing .
 This program seemed to be an excellent accounting system for my small business . I bought it , had an employee install it and just as we had all our business info transferred : our office computer crashed and burned . I attempted to reload on another computer and continue business as usual . QuickBooks pro 2001 reloaded on the new computer but since it had already been registered it stops after 15 uses . The company informs me that each unit is for 1 user and 1 computer . I have no idea how well the system works but if your computer dies Pro 2001 dies with it !!
 I have been using QuickBooks Pro for quite some time . I just upgraded to Pro 2001 and it is really a different look . My discontent with Intuit is that now , instead of sending tax updates to you for upgrades , they are forcing you to download . What if you have no internet connection ? I am an independant accountant doing bookkeeping and payroll for 2 client . Pro 99 does the job quite well . However , if you upgrade , be prepared to get an EIN number . You CAN NOT down load the payroll data , or even sign up for the basic payroll service without that EIN . I spent over 2 hours online , with my cell phone , trying to get it to take my SS number . It will not take anything but an EIN . Now , I have to uninstall this mess , package it up and return it to ... and start over with Peachtree . Intuit does not tell you this prior to purchase . I have no employees , and will not get a number just to satisfy Intuit . Peachtree however , lets you DL tax tables with just a password from them.So I am changing to Peachtree , and Intuit can go get their money from someone else . I feel very discriminated against by Intuit , for being a small independant , with no employees , and no EIN . Also , if you are using any of the old versions of QB , they are going to stop the CD tax table distribution , and force you to use the `` new '' DL system with an EIN , at a considerable annual cost I might add.Esprit Accounting Maui , Hawaii
 In general I approve of Quickbooks . We have Pro 2001 in the office . There are many nice features in the software , and for the price I think they ca n't be beat.Beware , though , of hidden costs ! I have to say I was very disappointed by unexpected costs to us . For one thing , the only reason we upgraded from QB Pro 6.0 was so that we could print the `` Statement of Cash Flow '' report . -LRB- ... -RRB- After upgrading , I discovered that there is a mandatory payroll service update -- basically tax information to allow you to correctly figure payroll . -LRB- ... -RRB- . They do not really allow you the option of updating when you want -- you are required to use their service , and you have to do it over the internet . You put in a credit card that will automatically be charged every year -LRB- no option for a one-time charge -RRB- . After upgrading , there was a report that no longer worked that we use to do estimated tax payments . I was very surprised and disappointed that Intuit changed their support options . -LRB- ... -RRB- The report itself is still unavailable to us , but the support guy helped us to create a memorized transaction to accomplish basically the same thing . I fear that if I had stayed longer with him , we would have paid several hundred dollars , and who knows if it would have been resolved ? -LRB- I should point out that I back up the database fanatically , because we have had several problems with corruption in the past . I am a computer programmer , and I sense that there are some problems with the way their database is programmed -RRB- . I am frustrated that Intuit would charge a reasonable price for the software to our small business to lure us in , then charge support costs that only larger companies can afford . There was no initial free support for purchasing the software . They do state that if the problem is because of a bug in the software that you do not have to pay . In reality , though , they made us give them credit card information before they would discuss the problem . It is ultimately to their discretion to decide not to charge you at the end . I suspect , though , that this is rarely if ever the case , as my problem appeared to be a bug -LRB- the report was running fine before the upgrade -RRB- . I read another review here and someone else apparently had the same problem.The saddest thing , though , is that for our size , the software itself seems to be the best thing out there . Our hands are tied .
 This program seemed to be an excellent accounting system for my small business . I bought it , had an employee install it and just as we had all our business info transferred : our office computer crashed and burned . I attempted to reload on another computer and continue business as usual . QuickBooks pro 2001 reloaded on the new computer but since it had already been registered it stops after 15 uses . The company informs me that each unit is for 1 user and 1 computer . I have no idea how well the system works but if your computer dies Pro 2001 dies with it !!
 I have to wonder sometimes who writes these reviews as it seems more like company PR then truth sometimes.Not a flexible package and there are better packages . Intuit is not as helpful as they use to be and they even seem to have developed a little contempt for the customer.Not a happy customer .
 The pinacle of intuits Quickbooks versions was definately QB99.Ever since then it has been downhill all the way . The latest version especially is just so full of fluff that it is annoying to use . Every window has a link at the bottom to buy some service or other from Intuit and other third party vendors .
 Four years ago , I sang the praises of Quickbooks , even getting several people using it as their accounting software . No more . The program gets worse and worse . Reports are harder than ever before if you want anything non-standard . They recently doubled the subscription price for their tax tables -LRB- yes , you pay annually to get new tax tables , currently ... -RRB- and , worse yet , disable the tax tables you bought and paid for after they `` expire . '' There is no free support . Their tax table had an error that would not allow the correct percentage to be entered for my state and to report the bug and ask for a fix I was told I had to pay for the privilege.This latest version -LRB- I 've been using it since around version 5 -RRB- even goes so far as downloading third-party advertising under the guise of `` updates '' that it displays while you work on your books , and keeps a background task running all the time for gathering the updates.As I said , worse and worse , look elsewhere . I am an unhappy customer.Ricky
 This would probably be a good product if you could get support.I am having problems with several features and have tried to get support . I was told by the automated service to enter my credit card number - did this - then told to wait on the phone for an hour to speak to someone . did not do this . One would think when you spend -LSB- this much money -RSB- for software it would work out of the box , and if it did n't you would get some form of free support.I am currently looking at other small business software , and would advise anyone to look elsewhere .
 Here 's the deal with Quickbooks if you have any employees and a payroll . Buy and install the the latest version , then you have to shell out -LRB- more -RRB- bucks a year -LRB- even if you have just one employee -RRB- to keep your tax tables updated . This tax table service used to cost just $ -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- ; you are at their mercy if you want to run with the latest tax tables . Now it is 2-3 years down the road and you get a message saying that you need to upgrade your entire Quickbooks package because tax tables will not be produced for your version after a certain date . Round and round the cycle goes ... I think I have spent over $ 1000 in the past 6 years on Quickbooks versions and tax table updates . There is certainly a market out there for some sharp programmers to produce less expensive tax table updates for prior versions of Quickbooks . Be warned ... Intuit makes Microsoft look good !!
 Quickbooks is an easy program to learn . Tech . support can answer questions that any one can find the answers in the help menu . Quickbooks can not track workman 's comp , itemize payroll garnishments -LRB- if 2 or more employees are garnished from the same agency -RRB- . Data will loose integrity if your file is too big or running a network . When I upgraded from QB99 to QB2001 , I had to get my payroll updated online -LRB- with a subscription -RRB- . I pay enough money to keep my business running , I do n't like having to shell out extra 's that I believe should come with the $ -LRB- dollar amount -RRB- per computer for the program . I also feel that there must be something a lot better than this program for the construction/contractor business . I am definately not upgrading . I have had many thoughts of using this CD for drink coasters in my living room . Do some research before buying this product .
 I previously used quickbooks , untill the euro came , and quickbooks had no answer for me . I do n't like also software asking for money after a buy already . Disappointed is the good word that i like to include this software after several years good cooperation still . Few interactions in customer - info findings , item deviding , and not easy mastering sorry intuit you lost a thankfull customer years to go maybe with some cooperation Dr Jansen Veterinary surgeon Belgium
 Great product when it works , but if you have a problem with their downloads , or tax upgrades , even with a new version , do n't expect any help unless you buy their ... Premium Support Service . In fact no one at QBooks will want to talk to you unless you give them a credit card number if you do n't have Premium Support . Their warranty is -0 - at day one , but you do n't find out till you open the box . They admit to be willing to help with a new product , but YOU HAVE TO PAY by the minute via credit card , or sign up for their premium Support , which they highly recommend.If the Qbooks has no gliches , then it a 5 star product .
 The good news is that all the functionality of the old QuickBooks I had learned to use several years ago is still there . It is a bit askew from what a traditional green-eyeshade-wearing accountant would expect to see , but still recognizable as a full-featured accounting package sufficient for any small and many medium sized businesses.The bad news is that the new QuickBooks attempts to dumb down the accounting process with a web-style interface that uses Internet Explorer as the front end . There are some good features to this , but it just ca n't substitute for actually learning bookkeeping , and it mightily obscures the process , making it more , not less , difficult . Sure enough , I ca n't get payroll to work without subscribing to the monthly tax update . Forget it , Intuit , I 'm not biting . One last thing
 I updated to Quickbooks 2001 approximately 3 weeks ago . I used to be able to have other applications open and go to Quickbooks and do an Invoice . I no longer can do that . I have to have all other applications closed for Quickbooks 2001 to work without freezing up my computer or giving me a warning of low system resources.I have a current computer also Dell 8100 Dimension 256meg ram/40gig HD/1 .3 ghz processor . So it is n't my computer that is at fault.So users that want to upgrade beware of the fact
 Payroll stops working if you do not agree to their monthly tax table update service . Im not cheap . I just dont think my accounting software should stop working if I do n't pay every month . Documentation says it wont stop , but it does . I smell class action law suit . Dont put up with this extortion . Go elsewhere .
 I never understood the Microsoft lawsuit till I bought this . Imbedded in the quickbooks program is an exclusive Internet explorer 5.5 that has to be installed to make Quikbooks work . No other version will do . Infact trying to use an other version of 5.5 corrupted other functions beyond Quickbooks , which wo n't run without it . . It is constantly checking with Intuit if you are on line even if Quickbooks is n't open and downloading updates . It always wants to update your program
 Unlike quicken this is NOT an easy nor flexible product to use and there are much better accounting packages too . Quicken files can be imported but it is not done very well . We tried this package but moved on to another as it became clear that it was neither useful like quicken nor a great accounting package.A Small Company
 I called to receive assistance on a system error msg . This was a relatively simple issue . The software knowledgebase and various sources on the site did not provide any help ! After calling the help line and going through a careful screening process , I was given the choice to sign up for the annual support -LRB- $ 395.00 or pay on a per time basis -LRB- $ 40/10 min -RRB- . I chose the 2nd option and the tech support asked me to fax a file for his review . His fax number did not respond for about 20 minutes and then after the receipt of the fax I was told my cost so far is $ 120.00 -LRB- for 30 min -RRB- . He then gave me the option to let him review the file which may cost $ 250 box or let one of the software specialist review for a cost of $ 750 . I found the whole process very unethical . Buyers beware !!!
 If you own a small business this product is a rip off . Previous versions of this included tax table up dates for one year but this one does not . Although it promises you updates on the outside of the box , once you open the box you find that you only get 3 months . Once you open the box , you ca n't return the software . This is deliberatly deceptive on their part . Then you have to pay an additional amount per year for this service . I feel like I 've been cheated . Do n't make the same mistake .
 I agree with the majority of the other reviews listed here . This software is an enormous frustration . `` Upgrading '' from Quicken Deluxe to Quickbooks was actually several steps backward . If you use Quickbooks now you 'd do better to `` downgrade '' to Quicken or just find another accounting package -LRB- or take the time to learn MS Excel - which can do anything Quicken and Quickbooks can do better if you 're patient enough for the learning curve -RRB- .
 Buyer be aware that this is a DOS program and they should make you aware of what operating system it is , although DOS is on the picture of the program , I missed it .
 Pantone huey MEU101This product did not perform as advertised . Pantone is in the process of replacing this unit with an upgrade which , hopefully will solve the problem . I understand this product is being taken off the market until their situation is resolved . Pantone is being very upfront and responsible in this matter .
 I bought the Huey on recommendation from a friend and a couple of favorable mentions in articles in photography magazines . It has not worked out . After calibration and recalibration there is a greenish tint to the grays on my monitor . I have tried everything I could think of to get rid of it . The adjustments via Huey 's own setup are minimal and very large . No fine tuning is possible . Calibration with my monitor 's own software and the adjustments via my graphics card setup prove to be infinitely more accurate . I wrote to Pantone about the problem and 2 weeks later I still have not received an answer . Save your packing materials , just in case you have a similar experience and want to return it .
 It 's cheap for a reason . I followed the steps , retested , and tried all the options . The end result was the same on all four computers I tried
 Either all the people who love this item work for Pantone or I got a lemon . And since a couple of other reviewers reported having to exchange a few until they got one to work , I think quality control is an issue . It is easy to install . What is not easy is calibrating your monitor to match their settings . As another reviewer wrote , I also found it impossible to make the top 3 rings match the lower ones - and after you install and reinstall the software a few times -LRB- just in case you or the computer did something wrond -RRB- you just want to give up . Moreover , no matter how I adjusted the levels , a preset screen showed a suspiciously similar `` before '' and `` after '' image . And my own before and after printed photos confirmed that nothing was adjusted . I 've returned the item , because I do feel it could be defective . But it wasted a lot of hours and was needlessly frustrating . I fell for the Pantone reputation . Do n't .
 I notice a little difference in what my prints look like compared to my LCD 's default settings , so I figured for $ 80 why not try the huey . Hey it from Pantone and GretagMacBeth and they make quality stuff and have reputible names ... I thought . My grey 's turned to tan 's and prints look awful . I gave it an extra star though because it 's cool that it adjust to the lighting in your room . It 's still crap though and I wouldnt waste my money if I were you . . but hey you monitor might have better results than mine , I 'm no expert .
 Installed the software , no problem . Plugged the Huey device into a USB port and it was recognized by my computer , no problem . Clicked on the Huey icon to run the program and the screen came up with the `` start '' button , no problem . Clicked on the `` start '' button and the program immediately terminated . Tried uninstalling and reinstalling the software , same results.Called Pantone . A human answered the phone after one ring -- impressive . Bad news , he indicated that my problem seems to occur frequently with Dell computers -LRB- which I have -RRB- . Something about the USB ports not providing enough power for the Huey device to function properly and that I 'd need to get a USB hub with its own power supply . Ugh . I suppose I could get one -LRB- they 're inexpensive -RRB- , but what 's to say that that 's indeed going to solve my problem . I 've already spent too much time trying to get this $ 65 product to work.Long story short , Huey 's getting returned . Huey , we never even knew ya .
 The huey is easy to use , but does n't produce adequate results . My screen was far too bright and red , and the huey program simply does n't offer enough adjustment options to make it work . You ca n't adjust the gamma level , or really do anything with the brightness , contrast or colors . You are given a selection between 10 presets , with 8 of them being completely unusable , and two of them being semi usable . If you want more options , Pantone expects you to pay 40 dollars to upgrade to the Pro version . This is simply unacceptable . I could not recommended this product to anyone . Buy something else that actually works .
 I tried the Huey on several pc 's , using several different monitors -LRB- CRT and LCD -RRB- . In every case , the colors were severely off . Defective unit ? Possibly , however I believe that the Huey is just not up to par . Unlike other calibrators , the Huey does n't help you manually correct your monitor . Instead , it does some display tests , and makes adjustments through software -LRB- the profile it created -RRB- to get the desired effect . In other words , it does n't calibrate your monitor at all , it simply adjusts your pc 's video output . Unfortunately , this method does n't seem to work well.I would suggest spending a little more and getting the Spyder2 . It will actually help you adjust your monitor , not just `` calibrate '' through software .
 Setup and installation was easy . Following the istructions during calibration was straitforward and relatively easy to understand . However , after calibrating several times -LRB- 8 total -RRB- I was not satisfied with the result each time . After my monitor was `` calibrated '' all colors looked washed out , almost like there was too much blue . Also , my monitor appeared too bright for my liking , even with auto-light correction turned off . I 'm not satisfied with this product and I am returning it .
 Avoid this like plague folks . Definitely do n't buy it mail order . Much harder to return . I do a lot of image editing and I have recently become interested in calibrating my monitor to make sure that the pictures I get developed will look just like they do on my monitor . This seemed like a good deal . Pantone is a very respected brand name and the price was good for a monitor calibration system.I was n't looking for bells or whistles , just accurate monitor calibration . So I figured the low price reflected a lack of bells and whistles , but being from Pantone I expected it to work correctly . I was wrong , the low price was indicative of a device that can not do what it purports to do - unless `` PINK-HUED '' is correct , then this product is great ! If you want the screen to be usable though , you 'll need to uninstall it and ship it back.On top of that , the instructions are TERRIBLE . You 'd think it would be easy
 I run Vista Home Premium 6.0.6 build 6000 . My Huey software is 1.0.5 , the latest that supposedly supports Vista . After a successful install , when I run the Huey application , and press `` Start '' , it immediately stops working and crashes out . I have tried plugging the Huey directly into the HP Computer port as well as a hub to no avail . Returning the garbage .
 It does improve color accuracy , but it 's far from `` professional-grade results . '' I use a dual lcd setup , and it ca n't get them to match correctly . I 'm aware that the non-pro version does n't support multiple monitors , but there are ways around this if you can live without the ambient light support , so this is n't a factor in the product not being able to match my monitors.If you do a bit of research , you 'll find that most of the monitor calibration products available come in different `` trim '' levels -- Huey and HueyPro , Spyder2Express and Spyder2Pro , i1 Display LT and i1 Display 2 , etc. . The actual measurement device is exactly the same between the different trims . In other words , the Huey and HueyPro are essentially the same , except for the software . Pantone actually allows you to upgrade between the Huey and HueyPro for $ 40 -- this involves a firmware upgrade for the device , so that the HueyPro software will work with it . With the emphasis on software , you 'll find that the Spyder2 device enjoys 3rd party support from software costing hundreds to over a thousand . The Huey device has no 3rd party software support at all . Does that tell you something ? It does to me.Here 's what one 3rd party software maker has to say about the Spyder2 : http://www.integrated-color.com/cedpro/dtp94.htmlI'll quote it here in case that page goes away or changes : `` Long considered an inexpensive third choice for monitor profiling , it turns out that the Spyder2 is really quite good . We 've done the testing , and we were impressed . `` I 've owned the Huey for nearly 2 years now , but if I could go back and at this price point , I 'd buy the Spyder2Express instead .
 when i calibrated my mac book , it 's quite okay , but looks a bit blue . i thought coz i 'm too stuck in my previous screen color . Went to the system preference , wan na play with the Huey preference . It turned out Huey dose n't WORK in Intel-based MAC ... what kind the program does n't work on Intel-based MAC ????
 Received info in mail from Pantone so figured I would try it ... using it turned my grays to pinkish and couldnt control that changing light sensor . But it was cheap so I did n't lose sleep . Was frustrated enough to return it .
 What a disappointment ! The unit looks neat and I was looking forward to using it . It installed OK , but a warning message came up , telling me of known compatibility issues with Vista . I downloaded the latest drivers and the system ran , but gave me a very green cast !!! After that , it would not restart , so I uninstalled . Even after the system was uninstalled , it took over my color management ad gave me green screens ! I eventually had to do a system reset to an older date , to get rid of the Huey !!! What a terrible experience . It 's going back for a refund .
 I ordered 6 of them and 4 were in very poor quality . Basically , the 2 good ones performed nicely . However , the rest 4 of them are in very bad quality and turn the monitor into dark red , light yellow , or bright red ! I think Pantone should improve their overall quality , cause 4 out of 6 is pretty rediculous !
 I own a Mac and no matter what I did this made my monitor worse not better . The factory default setting for my monitors was the closest to true color when printing color samples . Very disappointed . In fact , I had to call Apple to get this program removed and help in getting my monitor back to where it was . I was hoping a product with the name ` Pantone ' on it would produce desired results .
 If you have a Mac running OS X 10.5 -LRB- Leopard -RRB- , be advised that Pantone has been promising since last year to fix whatever is broken that prevents the use of the Huey . The company wo n't even respond when you ask support what is going on . They said the new installer would be available `` early '' in 2008 . When I wrote an inquiry to the Pantone people on April 3 the automated reponse said it could take two to three days to reply . I 'm still waiting .
 I bought this wanting to match on screen colours with printed pantone swatches . It does n't work . The on screen colours are extremely washed out and dull compared to the pantone swatches . I am very disappointed .
 Easy enough setup , easy enough to start the calibration , pretty to watch the colors flash on the screen , but the results had a horrible color cast . Checking the Pantone site showed it was a known issue , great . I sent in an incident as they requested , wound up calling in as well . I returned it for another , same problem . Turns out there was a batch of them bad , they knew about it and were waiting on replacements to go out to all us suckers who bought one.Great business model , product is defective , but rather than recall them and lose sales , sell the broken product and force a user investment in time hoping they 'll just wait it out.Returned it and bought a Spyder3 . Bought the Huey late May , was told July 1st a replacement would be on it 's way , got an e-mail on the 3rd it would be the 21st at least . So sorry .
 I bought a Pantone Huey last October ... it worked great until January , then just died . Tried re-installing software , using a different USB port but nothing worked . Wrote to Pantone and they replaced it with a new one , no questions asked -LRB- good ! -RRB- . The second one lasted about 3 weeks then also died .
 I received my huey earlier this week , installed the software , and ran a calibration on my iMac G5 -LRB- OS 10.4 -RRB- . The screen turned pinkish . I ran the calibration MANY times and every time got the same result . After a couple of hours , I put everything back in the box and sent it back for a refund .
 I bought this product thinking it would help my color prints . It ended up causing the monitor to have a very strong yellow color cast . I contacted Pantone and they told me they are aware that some of these Hueys have a defective sensor and they sent me a new one no-charge . I just plugged the new sensor in and recalibrated the screen and low and behold , it 's the same , very strong yellow color cast . I 've had to pick cool , medium contrast and that 's still a bit too yellow for my eyes . Now I look at my monitor and get a headache.December , 2008
 I have been using one of these now for several years and there is one issue I have encountered repeatedly.It can be difficult to get the sensor to stay stuck to your screen during calibration . About 1/2 the time it falls off before calibration has completed . This seems to be true regardless of how the monitor/unit has been cleaned , the temperature or humidity . To make matters worse I believe the repeated pressing of the sensor trying to get it to stay stuck has damaged my $ 800 monitor.I can not prove the above but I now have what can only be described as ghosting lines EXACTLY where the sensor is attached during calibration . These distorting lines can not be removed no matter what troubleshooting steps I perform . Now when I perform photo retouching work I am required to look off center or scroll to move the portion to be edited out of the center!For the above reason I will never buy a calibrator again that depends on tiny suction cups for sensor adherence to the screen .
 I wanted a cheap profiler for amateur photography . I do n't have an external monitor , so I only work on my laptops - an older MacBook and various Dell Latitudes and Inspirons . The Huey did not do a good job of profiling these laptop screens - results were inconsistent across laptops , and even different in Windows 7 and OS X on my macbook . Profiles were visibly ugly and tinted . Perhaps it would work better with better monitors , but I wanted something cheap for cheap screens . I returned the Huey for a Spyder 3 express which does the job perfectly .
 I ordered Huey to calibrate my CRT monitor . The original -LRB- manufacturer 's -RRB- monitor profile was pretty accurate , I was mainly interested in Huey 's ability to automatically adjust for ambient lighting.Calibration with first unit created strong yellow cast.The replacement unit sent by Pantone created even stronger green cast . I tried it on 2 different displays , under different lighting , same results.Their customer service was trying to be helpful - no complaint there . But I had to return the calibrator . It simply does not work .
 I purchased this item in April and used it to calibrate my monitor . It seemed to do a good job . Then the software prompted me to recalibrate after 2 weeks . After running the program to do this recalibration , everything was magenta and my cursor arrow was electric blue-green . I ran the program several more times with same result . I contacted Pantone - they said the item was faulty and that they realized this was a problem with a number of these units and they promised me a replacement unit . They told me the new units would be in by early July . That did n't happen , then they gave a later date of July 21 . It is now July 30 with no new units . I ca n't recommend this unit to anyone . Maybe the new ones will work , if they ever come in .
 The Pantone Huey can leave permanent marks on the LCD screen . It uses rubber suction cups to stick to the LCD screen surface , and when you pull it away it pulls the delicate LCD layers along with it . One of my LCD screens survived this , but another now has an array of bright spots in the upper middle portion of the screen , exactly where the suction cups were attached . Yes , I followed the instructions and used minimal force when handling it . Pantone support did n't bother to return my calls or emails.Never let this product near your LCD !
 This little device is easy to install but does not correct your screen to match prints . Save your money and try something else .
 I have the Pantone Huey and I recently installed it because I purchase a Samsung SynchMaster 2233 for my Mac . I could n't get the settings just right on the Samsung and I needed something to help me out for all the photos I take . I tried this product and followed all the steps perfectly . I tested it out with a few of my photos like a before and after . The pictures appeared to be darker in many instances almost to the point where you could n't see them . So pictures also seemed distorted , like certain materials turned out to be blotchy . I did n't like it and returned back to the custom configuration that I figured out . I would n't get Pantone . There are better companies out there , or just play with it your self in advance mode .
 Spent an entire evening after installing trying different settings and all produced a picture on the monitor -LRB- and same printed on upscale printer from digital camera -RRB- that was clearly worse than what I started with so sent back .
 If you own a copy of Photoshop use Adobe Gamma . No matter what I did this thing made my monitors worse not better . The factory default setting for my monitors was the closest to true color when printing color samples . Very disappointed and was hoping a product with the name ` Pantone ' on it would produce desired results .
 Ive heard good things about Pantone calibration in the past but this misses the mark by far . I thought finally an affordable calibration tool . Well I was wrong . This thing would not stay on my LCD monitor . When I finally did get it to stay and I did a calibration it just didnt seem right . Then the monitor changed on me due to the ambient light adjustment . That feature is a gimmick at best . No way do I want my monitor in constant flux when editing images . If you do buy this , turn that feature off and maybe you can live with this product.Back to the reseller this goes . Anyone have suggestions on an affordable calibration tool ?
 If there 's such a thing as `` 0 '' -LRB- zero -RRB- rating , that 's what I 'll give this item . I calibrated my monitor as soon as I received the Huey today and now I have a reeally bad green cast on my monitor ! I did some research on the Pantone website and it appears that they have already received reports about this problem . As to why these defective items are still out in the market is beyond me . But what I do know is that I am one dissatisfied customer of Pantone !
 Ok , so I had to get a colorimeter and went with this one . I should have spent more money on a better one . This one did n't evenly meter my screen . I actually had to manually recalibrate my screen after using this.Now after installing this program on my computer i get a popup all the time telling me it 's time to recalibrate my monitor with the Huey . I do n't have a way to turn this off , and I ca n't open the program up in the controls panel due to `` an error with the program '' So now I 'm stuck with this crappy software . Do n't get this colorimeter spend the extra money and get a spyder .
 Program would not work , updater would not work , tech support was not available because of overload .
 I am a photographer . I wanted a device that would help me match my computer monitor display to my prints . This device does a good job of calibating your monitor , but does nothing to help you calibarate your printer . The software that ships with the device has many options of which most are `` greyed out '' . For instance , options for calibrating your printer are `` greyed out '' . Why the heck show the options on the screen , if they are not included in the product ! When you call tech support you get a response in about 36 hours . An overbearing jerk explains that printer calibration is not included in the product , but you can buy another product for several hundred dollars more , which will address that . The same company offers the Huey for about half the price of this device . You would expect for twice your money you would get twice the value - right ? Wrong ! As best I can tell the Huey does everything this device does , and more . This device can not monitor ambient light , which is a feature of the Huey.The device has two modes for calibrating - simple and complex . Simple works pretty well . Complex is useless . I have tried to use the complex option numerous time and have never obtained any better luck than with the simple approach .
 Make sure you buy this at a retailer that allows returns if it does n't work . I bought one last week after a presentation . It looked and worked great at the presentation . I bought it because I had an immediate weekend-long project where I needed correct color . When I set up my new Eye-one/Display 2 , all I could get was a `` fail '' on the emissions test , over and over - and never did get to testing my Mac LCD monitor . No response from the Eye-one `` support '' to my e-mails . I brought the gadget back to the store that then told me I had moved it during the test or the screen had gone black - and that was the only reason it failed . Neither of those were true . ... However , I did get a refund . So , beware . I 'd like to give it a 4 or 5 on the basis of what I saw the demo do , but for how the one I bought worked , I 'd give it a zero . Had the `` support '' even bothered to respond , I would have tried to work with them rather than doing a return since I really did want it to work . Average the scores for a 2 .
 I do n't understand how everyone else is having such an easy time installing and running the i1Display LT , but its been a DISASTER for ME . Maybe its only meant to work on a Mac and my Win7 usage is `` unusual '' ? Or maybe its a problem trying to use a laptop with an extra monitor that just blows it out of the water . I wish they made it clearer BEFORE buying it that you can only calibrate one of your monitors.This thing has COMPLETELY hosed my system . Installation was NOT automatic or intuitive from the CD . After a bunch of lockups and crashes I downloaded software from their website . That got it almost working but now my system blue screens , crashes , and my monitors wo n't work correctly . I am REALLY regretting getting this piece of junk ! My system is just about unuseable thanks to this `` performance enhancement '' .
 I can live with a cumbersome software but what 's much worse is every attempt to calibrate my monitor yielded a very crappy looking picture with a pronounced color cast . Absolute waste of money.Monitor
 I bought this , and because my computer monitor is on an iMac , I ca n't get the white point right . My calibrations always turned out VERY red . When I asked xrite , they now want me to spend $ 99 on an upgrade . Their product is n't working , and I 'm expected to shell out another $ 100 for it ?! THAT 'S INSANE ! I 'm not happy with xrite , and I 'm NEVER buying their brand again . I wo n't want to chance it not working , and having to spend more money on a product that I had a set budget for !
 Biggest complaint - it does n't work and the profiles it produces are sickly green tinted . Second complaint - the software wizard is very complicated , unintuitive and you MUST read all the little helper text if you do n't want to make major mistakes -LRB- always click the little arrows in the upper right and always scroll to the bottom of the help text section to not miss anything important -RRB- . So disappointing . I also tried calibrating my laptop monitor and the results were even worse - totally green tinted . I wish I could return it , but it was a gift.My setup is OSX with a Dell 2408WFP monitor and I downloaded the latest version of their software -LRB- v3 .6.3 -RRB- . I always reset my monitor to factory defaults before running the software and then switch it to RGB mode -LRB- not sRGB -RRB- . The profile always turns out greenish blue when I select the 6500K white point and makes the screen look sickly . I 've tried using their calibration tool many times trying to tweak here and there to make it work right , but it always turns out looking worse than the default Apple profile for my monitor.This is n't rocket science and I am technically a scientist , my conclusion is that my unit must be faulty .
 I spent too much time with this product as it continued to make my screen colors worse than when I started . Little documentation , weak bloated software and 5 tries , even with different computer screens -LRB- I have 5 I wanted to match -RRB- . This product is a waste . I noticed it 's made by X-Rite , who also makes the Huey . Another weak product . When will there be a GOOD color/screen calibration product ??
 First and foremost , this product does not do what it is advertized to do . The software did not install at all . I had to go to their website and download the latest software and diagnostics . And I spent far too much time trying to just get the software up and running . Second , the item did NOT measure any contrast on my LCD monitor . When I called tech support , which did call back the next day , they said it is common for contrast to not be properly read on LCD monitors and to use the default contrast setting . Huh ? He then tried to talk me into upgrading to the Display 2 , which has a lot more functionality , for $ 99 but he thought he could get me 25 % off . I thought they should have given me a much better deal than that to compensate me for a product that did not work as advertized . I sent this back and hope I get my money back . It is NOT worth your $ $ $ ; spend it on something else .
 Step # 1
 Be careful with this one . Little documentation , and not all monitors can take advantage of the automatic calibration feature , one of the reasons I bought it . My monitor was not one of the supported monitors.It was cumbersome to manually do the configuraton , and in the end simply returned to Amazon which promptly refunded my purchase
 I suspect that this device was optimized for a CRT screen and not and LCD screen because it was absolutely a nightmare to get to work and even when it finally finished , the effect was horrible.First of all , other reviewers who say that the documentation included with the product is useless , well , that is just the tip of the ice-berg . Yes , the little pamphlet that comes with it does n't even give you enough information to understand that the proper way to install the software , which thanks to the amazingly unintuitive CD software has to be some of the worst software installation I 've ever experienced . There are 4 components , each with a separate install -LRB- and none of which actually say install -RRB- . Funny thing is , after you install them , you only show 3 items in the programs files.Second , once you 've installed and look at the on-line tutorials , it seems that the process is potentially easy . The only problem is that the software provided does n't match what they show in the tutorial ! Most glaring is that the product claims to have an easy 1 click mode which seems to just not be there -LRB- this might not be available when calibrating LCDs , but again , nowhere does it state this , so I 'm just guessing -RRB- . Third , the program takes you to a contrast adjustment step . Guess what ? LCDs DO N'T HAVE CONTRAST ADJUSTMENT ! I was able to get a slider through the Nvidia tray to try to get past this step , but it was n't until I trudged through their horrible support site that I found that they just expect you to skip this step . The most basic question is
 I could n't see much of a difference other than just adjusting your brightness and contrast settings manually . It would n't even offer my monitor 's default setting -LRB- 9500 -RRB- as an option .
 STAY AWAY IF YOU HAVE A MAC . This product uses software for MAC intended for PowerPC era . Despite Apple 's transition to Intel in June 2006 , the manufacturer did n't bother to update software in 5 years . Well , guess what , Lion no longer gives you a way out with Rosetta . Let 's see how many of these you will sell now .
 When it was new , it worked fine . I used it to calibrate my computer and 2 TVs with satisfactory results.However , be aware that the device will age and drift rapidly , renders it pretty much useless after 2-3 years . Mine from about 3.5 years ago has drifted so far out of spec that calibration done using it have extremely obvious color flaws . If your monitor came this way you would 've returned it , trust me , it 's that bad.Had I known that this device have such short life span , I would 've never made the purchase . $ 150 is NOT cheap for a one time use device.Researching further on avsforum 's display calibration section , you can correct the drift somewhat if you have access to a more expensive spectrometer.My Harbor Freight tool costs significantly less , and lasts significantly longer . Shame on your X-Rite .
 Purchased this product for a DIY home theater lcd calibration . I got varied readings from session to session and even between devices . I understand LCD 's in general can be tough to gauge even for high end colorimeters , so I do n't know if it 's really a flaw with this product or just a bad application for it . I also used it on my laptop and it seemed to do a better job there which is what it 's most widely used for , but did n't seem to make a big difference . I really wish it came with a color sheet or something you could compare what the screen has to what it `` should '' be.Ultimately I wound up sending it back and selling the second on the marketplace here . In retrospect , I think I may have had unrealistic expectations for the product .
 We ordered this game for our son and installed it on a machine running the appropriate operating system . The game would freeze up , freeze up the machine , and require a reboot . It would also ask for a reinstall on a variety of occasions , for no known reason . My son was so frustrated he 'd cry every time the game would stop working . We finally just threw it away . Just poor software in my opinion . Would not recommend under any circumstances .
 False advertising . This product will only work with Mac OS X classic , which means it only works with OS 9 , and who out there is still using OS 9 .
 Though I 've enjoyed other I spy games , I had to return this one without playing because it is not Mac OS X despite being labeled as such . I t will run in Classic environment - which any Mac built in the last couple of years can not run.I 'd love the chance to try out this game if they release an OS X friendly version .
 Packaging says Mac OS X compatible . The software is Mac OS 9 only . Mac OS X has n't had the OS 9 emulator for last FIVE versions , Even if it did , the Classic Environment -LRB- AKA Rosetta -RRB- is/was PPC only . Thus this game never would have worked in a Mac that was contemporary with it . Advertising this as Mac OS X compatible seems fraudulent to me . It 's obvious that the publishers do n't give a damn since they * still * advertise this antiquated garbage as Mac OS X software . I do see that since we bought this Amazon has changed their listing to Mac OS 9 only . Not that I fault Amazon since it 's the publisher 's materials that fraudulently state that this is a Mac OS X game.We are most unhappy . We will be avoiding all their products in the future.Addressed to the publishers : A little girl is growing up thinking you are a bunch of bad people that should be in jail for lying just to take money from little kids . A good if hard lesson since you seem to be very bad people indeed . You have poisoned her on the entire I Spy franchise . At least I should n't have any problems getting her to believe that advertisers lie and in steering her away from your garbage in the future . Good job guys .
 On the box it is printed XP compatible . But it is not . I tried XP compatibility wizard . But it still does not work.The seller `` Best Bet sales '' did not refund .
 Markspace has truly breached `` shareware ethics , '' if such a thing exists . I owned this application for far less than a year , but as soon as I upgraded to Tiger , it became incompatible and I was notified I 'd have to pay 20 dollars -LRB- on top of the 40 dollar original price -RRB- for an upgrade . Customarily , shareware upgrades are optional unless there has been a drastic OS change - a developer has to _ earn _ upgrades by including new features or improvements . Bugfixes and compatibility fixes , in both the shareware and commercial software world , are usually free.And while markspace claims that Tiger is radically different than Panther , why did Pocketmac -LRB- the alternative PocketPC sync program -RRB- allow Tiger compatibility in just a free point release ? Shame on Markspace for at least not extending their free upgrade cutoff time to 1 year . No one should purchase software with an active life of half a year . Markspace is abusing its userbase .
 Missing Sync is touted as being a better replacement to HotSync . Trust me it is n't . I wish the company had offered a trial before you buy as many compnies do . Now I know why . I was syncing successfully before I installed this program . Now my information will not sync with either Personal Organizer or Entourage , two programs they state they support . After several uninstalls and reinstalls , I have decided to uninstall and not purchase anymore software without a try before you buy .
 This was a great product at first . But once windows mobile was updated it became the worst nightmare I 've ever had . It ruined 75 % of my contacts and deleted atleast 10 % of the rest . It would freeze every time I tried to sync my music and when I contacted their customer service they basically in not so few words told me it was my computers fault . I 'm on a Mac , I 'd have believed that if it was a PC . But I did a fresh install anyway just to prove it was there software . I 've never heard from them since . Now I 'm on an android phone and they want $ 40 not for their zero customer service software . I do n't normally leave bad reviews unless you really screw me over . But yeah this is by far the worst computer software I 've ever paid money for in my 29 years of life . Do n't buy if you can possibly avoid it .
 I purchased the Mark/Space 's Missing Sync for the palm treo -LRB- I realize this is n't for the Palm , but is pertinent -- please read on -RRB- . Not only do their products not work , but they did n't offer a refund after proving it . After noticing duplicates in iCal and AddressBook and appointments being removed after syncs , I contacted their customer service.After months of running third party programs and sending logs they finally said it was n't their software . Instead it was the Apple `` SyncServices '' that was buggy -LRB- which was n't the problem , read below -RRB- . This was only after spending a lot of time to reproduce the problem and supply debugging information to them . They mentioned that there was a bug in a previous release and to upgrade . That did n't work and they said I 'd have to re-import everything and upgrade the OS . I did all of this as well and completely reinstalled but still got the deleted iCal appointments and duplicates in iCall and AddressBook . There was also issues with the MarkSpace notes , but that 's a different story.After giving up and upgrading to the iPhone , I 've no duplicates , missing data or any sync problems whatsoever . After upgrading to the iPhone , I did n't do anything at all with the operating system so it is n't a bug in Apple 's SyncServices as they said it was.During this whole period , the ticket would elapse -LRB- after 15 days or a month -RRB- and I 'd have to start a new one , which involved going to their site and re-submitting user and problem data.After all was said and done , they said that once a purchase was made , they were n't able to provide a refund . Needless to say , after all this , no refund was quiet frustrating and I would n't suggest any of their products to anyone given they way they do n't take responsibility and are not accountable or the problems in their software .
 I purchased MarkSpace missing sync product for my Android in July 2012 . I could not get it to sync with my pc . I called several times leaving name , why I called and my email address . I also contacted them on support link . I just recently recd a response from their customer support person -LRB- 7 months ! -RRB- asking me what the problem was and he would help me with it . I informed him I just wanted a refund as the day before I had replaced my Droid . Irecd an email from support saying they would not issue a refund as I was past the return date . I think this is irresponsible of them and I said of course I am past date , you never responded to any of my communications . I do not recommend this company , at all !
 I used to have a perfect sync between outlook and my blackberry with blackberry 's software . I `` upgraded '' to android and bought this product to sync outlook with my phone . Huge mistake . Constantly duplicate appointments . Sometimes on different days . Basic good design is missing - when I am looking at today on the calendar and I add an appt , why does it not add it to today ? It picks some random date ... I could live with all the idiosyncracies but the bad syncing , duplicate entries , who knows how else it screws up my data -LRB- I have 5 copies of ppls birthdays , some span a week now ... on different dates ... -RRB- is unforgivable . That 's the basics for this type of program .
 Advertised support is poor but they do not nearly meet even their floor-level service standard . No telephone contact . Service ticket submission is 10 days old and still counting . Only bought the product becuase is claimed to link three devices . Judging by longstanding lousy service ratings that they receive , I was the idiot for believing that they would support their product .
 Purchased the product for my Palm Pre to replace Chapura sync . Short story is I could n't get it to work . Contacted tech support and they suggested disabling my virus software permanently to make it work . Yeah right ! Still waiting for my refund . Looks like I 'm going to have to get PayPal involved to get my money back which is a real pain in the ...
 I purchased the Missing Sync software to use on my new PalmOne Treo 650 -LRB- Mark/Space says that it is compatible on their website -RRB- , but it did n't work at all . After installing the software -LRB- which disables the Hotsync Manager -RRB- you can not sync between the PC and the PDA . I tried everything that Mark/Space recommended -LRB- soft reset , un-install , re-install , etc. -RRB- , without any luck . When I finally gave up and asked for a refund they refused . If you 're using a Treo 650 - do n't buy Missing Sync !!
 Bought Missing sync for Android and had problems from the start . Support was poor and never I got it to work on my Droid phone and Outlook . Dragged their feet on a refund until Paypal refund option expired then they wanted my credit card number !! Even the new 1.5 version was garbage . Locked up on installing on Windows 7 . Still trying to get my money back . I would not trust these crooks .
 This company screwed me ... due to a flaw in their system ... do n't support them they will end up making you pay for another license
 I installed MarkSpace on an up to date new iMac and could n't get my Palm Tungston T3 to sync . In the past three weeks , I tried all their suggestions , filled in two request forms , sent two emails and phoned their voicemail twice leaving my email address both times . I have not been contacted even though the claim to respond within four business days . I would like to be able to sync my Palm with my Address Book and iCal but I 'm afraid I just lost my money .
 I have had nothing but trouble with this product . Everytime I try to sync my iPaq , the program shuts down . It worked beautifully when I used the free trial . As soon as I paid for it , nothing worked . I 've tried to get help from the company , again nothing . Save your money .
 I do n't want anyone else to make a same mistake I made . I bought a Sony Clie UX50 -LRB- not cheap -RRB- based on the fact that missing sync was supposed to connect my mac to Clie . Big Lie.It syncs once in five attempts and does not sync everything although it said it did . I emailed back and forth with customer service many times and they were no help . Just when I was about to give up , they came up with New Version 4.0 upgrade . I was hoping that was going to fix the probelm , but it made it worse . Everytime it syncs , it does not sync anything and crashes my desktop each time . I have send an email to customer service twice and there is no answer . so , not my $ 600 Clie is useless.Do not waste your money and time on this product .
 Not as wonderful as expected . Simple interface is more for the very young child . Nice graphics and very easy to use storyline but way to simple for my 3rd grader .
 This cd-rom has a lot of bugs and uses extremely old software . I ran into problems with Quicktime , even though I un-installed my newer version of Quicktime and installed the older version . Thereafter I ran into another sound decompression problem . If you google this at a UK Amazon website , you can read about the other complaints other users have .
 Error message of video compression since quicktime 2 -LRB- which comes with software -RRB- You must uninstall all upgrades to your system to run correctly . Will work with an old computer without recent upgrades since 2004 .
 I wish I would have never brought this product . I installed it on my computer and it asked me to get a download off another web site to make sure that the product was up to date . Anyhow , my comouter did n't download it so another option was send an email to the company and they would send me the download I needed to use the software . I E-mailed them Jan 7 , 2007 and I have not recieved any information since . I 'm very , very , unhappy .
 I 'm sure it would have been great but I did n't recieve it . i recieved the audio version only . The vendor told me they were out . So they did refund my money , so that 's good . But it did look good though , man I wish they had it .
 Do n't waste your money on this game ! I bought this for my grandson who is a dinosaur fanatic ! Imagine my disappointment when I received a call telling me that not only were there no directions , it continually froze the computer , was way above his skill level and even his dad , a computer programmer , could n't understand the game ! It would only work for a few minutes at a time , and then freeze the computer , warranting a re-boot . I tried to get information from the seller and was told to contact the manufacturer . Good Luck ! Download off the internet , still no luck , the game is just an unworkable piece of garbage.I ordered a different game . One that works great.Of course , software is non-refundable once it 's been opened.Take my advice and steer clear of this hunt .
 My son loves DK books , but this cd is horrible . It has very generic computer animation , etc. . It has an irritating jack in the box that talks and sings b/t every game . My son -LRB- 16 mo -RRB- thinks it is okay , but he loves the reader rabbit toddler . I would def . recommend that !
 This software no longer works!An automatic update will occur with the message `` This Home Edition of Virtual Dj is counterfiet , return to the store of purchased and ask for refund . `` The website for Virtual DJ states `` eJay DJMixStation is the old name of VirtualDJ HomeEdition.Unfortunately , the company owning the eJay brand , Empire Interactive , has decided to go rogue and continues to sell this software without paying any royalties for it.Of course , legal actions are on their way to make them stop and shut this down.Still , if you are in possession of a copy of any eJay DJMixStation , we recommend that you return it and get a refund , on the basis that this product is a counterfeit , and will definitely not be supported and will probably stop to work in the future . `` I purchased the software Oct 10th 2007 , so I am contacting Amazon now to see if I can still return it .
 I was not pleased with this product at all , in fact I returned it to Amazon ! Amazon was great about it , too ! When I read the product description I thought it was going to be exactly what I had been looking for , and when I got the product , it did not do what I thought it would by the description . I 'd say , if you are a regular person like me looking for a software to use for burning cd 's of your own music that you have downloaded and mixed , do n't go with this , go with the MixMeister , that 's what I ended up getting and LOVE it !! I gave this product 2 stars because it is actually pretty interesting to use , but has a lot of things on it that the average person that does n't do djaying would n't know what to do with .
 This is the first cd I 've purchased that my 6 year old daughter refuses to use because it 's `` so boring '' . I agree with her , it 's not an engaging program and I 'm sorry I purchased it . Now I 'm looking for another Spanish program that she will enjoy .
 It is the worst childrens software I have seen in a long time . It does not engage the child at all . It is also very limited in what it teaches . Do n't buy it -- it sucks !
 Bought for my older daughter to learn some basic Spanish words ; she was disappointed with it . Going to try some other immersion software next .
 I did n't like this version of Ejay . If you 've tried Dance 7 or Hip-Hop 6 , then you 'll find that this is n't up to those standards and that it can be incredibly hard to use . House Ejay has some good samples , but the Dance 7 and Hip-Hop 6 samples are much better . They also have a much better interface , although they are difficult to use on slower computers . If you have a decent computer , I would recommend those instead .
 this product sucks , do n't buy it . you are un-able to utilize all of the features because house ejay is screwed up .
 This program , while it may have its uses , is poorly programmed . I 've gone through the web searching all reviews for this product and found a number of them mentioning issues with bugs and features . I did this research after installing and having problems . First , importing a previously done resume in MS Word caused Resumemaker to lock up . I also have an issue when creating a new resume . I get up to the 16 % complete through the wizard and get an overflow error . I 've even gone as far as deleting my profile to see if it were corrupt to uninstalling/reinstalling this program . To no avail . For $ 30 , all I have is a cardboard box and a frisbie . With how this software is programmed , it is not even worth paying them $ 5 for . It 's just obvious the programmers coded this quick and sloppy .
 I like this product when it works but , I have problems gettting it to work . If asked if , I would buy it again , the answer would be absolutely , not . I am disattisfied totally .
 This program is not designed for the beginner . If you have a good knowledge of the Spanish language this program may work for you . If you are , like me , a beginner please do not waste your money .
 I was very displeased with this software . It is almost like you have to already know spanish to understand it . It does not even teach you the alphabet . I would only recommend this to someone who has an understanding of the language already .
 Within an hour of using this program I was going to the amazon site to see if I could return it . This program is either way too easy -LRB- say this letter , say this word etc. -RRB- or way too hard -LRB- listen to someone talk in spanish for a few minutes and then answer questions about it -RRB- and does n't have a lot of material to cover . I took spanish for a couple of years in high school and was looking for something to increase my speaking skills and vocabulary . This is n't it . Even if it was half the price it still would n't be worth my money or my time .
 This is perhaps the worst Spanish-language program I ever tried . Impossible to navigate , impossible to comprehend , no manual or instruction at all . Simply useless . This program is a waste of your money ; try to avoid it .
 Not Mac compatible . I figured by now everything was , but not so . My own fault , but it would be nice if it was Mac compatible .
 Unable to use in home computer-very disappointed as I bought this for a Christmas Gift .
 not satisfied with the technical support or product , seems to be the only thing compatible with Vista , however does not print 2 copies or have an easy navigation though work that needs to be done as in the last invoice and estimates pro for XP
 The software is ok for a novice . The invoices take alot of time if you want to customize . The reports are garbage , they can not be customized in any way . I am taking advantage of the 90 day money back guarantee from the maunfactor .
 I thought this would be a quick , inexpensive solution to my small business 's needs for a professonal invoicing system . After two days ' of trying to adapt its templates -- rather amateurish-looking -- to accept the kind of entries I want to make , I 'm returning it . Users ' manual is opaque . The insertion of new `` fields '' into the templates is quirky , and the changing of font styles and sizes has to be done field-by-field , rather than in complete sections -LRB- such as address blocks -RRB- at a time . Could n't figure out how to expand fields to allow more than one line of text , such as in the `` Description '' line -LRB- to describe service or product -RRB- . Users ' manual no help on this . Unless you have lots of experience designing documents and customizing forms on a computer , avoid this software . I 'm looking for a more professional-looking , more user-friendly alternative with a good , clearly-written users ' manual .
 Beware if you are already have Nova invoices and estimates . Even though it is the same company and same basic progam , you can not import in your customers or bills from the Nova version . I talked to a technical support at Nova , -LRB- who obviously was there to answer the phone only -RRB- and he told me that I would have to retype all the information into the new program . Not worth having to retype over 500 customers and bills .
 I purchased a Western Digital Book external hard drive in Jan 2009 and thought naiivly after connecting it that I had to use the Memeo Back up program and purchased it after 30 days . I seemed to have purchased both Auto Sync and Backup and having two programs was confusing - poor explanations as to how they worked for a novice . Honestly did n't know what it was running - Sync or backup or both . I never trusted it and started using a stick for backups of my family tree . -LRB- someone told me this was unreliable if I had to restore -RRB- ... Well , a renewal , or a Memeo update appeared in Feb 2010 - I downloaded it and then the sync and backup functions quit running - it was like I had a trial version again and that was when the Book stopped working altogether . I guess this may be coincidence . I could n't make any backups on CD until I uninistalled the Memeo . I think I will go with a Seagate AND NO auto-software .
 I got this for free when I purchased my Western Digital 1 TB drive , and I suggest if you do the same , do not install it ! I found it slowed my system to a crawl.I also had the Memeo Sync program , and I suggest avoiding it . I did n't understand the premise , and thought I was making backups , not mirror images . I did n't understand why it only allowed two directories per setup . And I was tired when I configured it . Unfortunately , it ended up copying all my files from one directory on my hard disk to the other , and I still did n't realize what was happening so I deleted one set of files , and found it was also one in the other directory . Lucky for me , I had a backup on Clickfree . Still trying to get my system back to normal after that little foul up . It started to synch fine , but about five days ago , synch went into the pending mode.Today , I started getting notices that my memeo backup was n't working either . So , I uninstalled the whole mess , and suddenly my system is fast again.You 're probably not as stupid as me , with the whole Synch mess.AVOID
 This program is driving me nuts . It came preinstalled on WD USB external drive . It does nothing but give me error reports on files that ca n't be backed up . The company only offers email support . There is no phone number listed for the company on their entire web site so forget about talking to someone.I figured if I took the bait and bought the software it would work but to no avail . When I uninstall the program it still shows up on my computer . It 's like a virus.If there are any Memeo people reading this give me a call 616-399-5853 . ThanksSteve Wasylkowski
 Hello everyone , I have had this program on two different computers and have had nothing but trouble with it . It never operates correctly . It came with a 1TB external I recently purchased and I am already having issues . I am currently researching software for backup . Driveclone Pro is the one I may try . It seems to have good reviews over the net . Take care and make sure you backup your data : -RRB-
 I , like others in this review section , have been woefully disappointed by Memeo 's restore feature -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . I 've had several versions of this installed and , over time , it appears to have gotten worse with respect to its usability as a ` backup and restore ' software . Version 2 and 2.5 were OK with respect to the functions expected of the software . I used version 2.5 to backup and restore several hundred GB of data around Feb 2008 . But that 's where the happy story ends ... Recently I was faced with yet another hardware failure that required a restore of files . Unfortunately I chose WinXP x64 as my OS of choice . The ` old ' versions of Memeo would no longer install on that OS , so I chose to install the latest version -LRB- 4 . X -RRB- which had an x64 capable version . Yeah , needless to say this did n't work for what I needed it to do . As others have stated , once you try to 're - initiate a backup plan ' -LRB- Memeo 's terms -RRB- the damn thing tries to overwrite the backup target with the local file system 's contents ... which obviously is TOTALLY WRONG ! I immediately noticed this bad behavior and stopped it , thereby saving most of my backed up data . Since my original -LRB- 2 . x -RRB- version came with a Buffalo TeraStation , I do n't really have a complaint channel that will listen ... and believe me , I 've tried getting support from both vendors.So , now I am faced with manually extracting a $ # ! + TON of data from my NAS ... this is made a bigger hassle due to a nice feature -LRB- not a sarcastic statement -RRB- of Memeo . Said feature is the ` how many revisions to keep on backup ' ... which ends up producing several ` historied ' copies of your backed up files . If you had directories backed up that were very active -LRB- e.g. FireFox/Thunderbird profile , My Documents , My Music , download dirs , etc -RRB- you will have lots of extra files that you need to weed out to ensure you get the latest copy.Overall I am rating this as a one star ... but would go lower if that were an option.Needless to say , Memeo will never get a penny from me and I will make it a personal mission to warn potential buyers about this software .
 I have been trying for hours to get this horrible program -LRB- Virus -RRB- off my brother 's computer . This thing does not work but is impossible to uninstall . Do n't do it !
 I have little to say about the Memeo back up software other than what others have already written . I just wish I 'd read these reviews before wasting many hoours trying to get this software to work , and wondering if my computer configuration was the problem . The Memeo software came with a Seagate eSATA 500GB drive . I do n't recommend these drives fro eSATA use either . Seagate used to be the recommended standard , but I 've had a 15 month old Seagate fail in the past month , and talked to 3 Apple computer users who 've had their -LRB- Seagate -RRB- hard drives fail in under a year , while under warranty , and had to have Apple replace them . After reading the other posts here , I 'm deleting the Memeo software from my drives .
 The local computer firm who had to reformat my laptop to finally resolve the issues created by Memeo Autosync says their attorney is interested in filing a class-action suit for the antics their POS software performs when one elects not to buy after the trial period is over . Reply to this post with a valid email address . After 1000 addresses he says we have basis for suit . .
 This software was included in a Western Digital USB Hard Drive . Since WD is huge I assumed they checked out the program they bundled with their product . I have to conclude , after advising a client to BUY the PRO version of this program , that WD just needed something/anything to package with their hard drive.If I could rate this program less than 1 star I would.Problems ? 1 -RRB- Does n't keep its schedules 2 -RRB- Does n't run its backup schedules concurrently 3 -RRB- Required PRO version to back up network drives -LRB- even if its just a simple mapping in a peer environment -RRB- It was easy to install , it was easy to setup the backup routines , and it looks like it should be pretty slick . But its functionality is sorely lacking despite its appearance . For $ 80 I 'd buy something else or go with a freeware product . 4 -RRB- their online web-based forum support really stinks -LRB- provided they respond to your request at all -RRB- . I 'll likely end up buying the program from my client and seek a refund from Autosync myself . Very disappointing . Avoid this program .
 Why ? It claims to back up a directory like Users in Vista but on checking does not do so completely . I am using the latest downloaded version . It also fails in this way on reinstall . I can not be bothered with it any longer so have uninstalled it . I will just use EMC Retrospect which does back up when it says it has even though as somebody else has mentioned it has an interface that reminds me of 1980s computing.If you do try this software do not be taken in by thinking that you have backed up when the software says it has done so . Try a restore to a new file or check what has been backed up and that it 's what you wanted backed up !
 Got this free trial for 30 days with a WD 500 g drive-takes forever to backup files and trashes them when the trial is over - locks up your computer -- Do not buy this product - Trash !
 This software came on the Western Digital MyBook 500GB external storage drive I purchased at Target . The first time I used the drive , I ignored this software and ` dragged and dropped ' important files onto the external drive . The second time , I * stupidly * thought , `` Well , its included and it sounds great , let 's give it a try '' . HUGE HUGE HUGE mistake.It was supposed to migrate photos , Office docs and media files - instead it tried to move Program Files , corrupted a bunch of . dlls and now * all * my Programs are toast . In addition , it erased the earlier ` drag and drop ' backup I had made on my own . The photos I was trying to backup were all our baby photos , so these were obviously hugely important to me . I am having a trusted local tech company retrieve files for $ 165 -LRB- if I 'm lucky -RRB- . I can only hope the baby photos are ok - I am basically writing off a $ 1500 laptop because of this program.DO NOT BUY .
 It automatically skipped backing up all the hidden folders/files that are not system files . And if you are backing up why would you not back up the hidden folders/files ? And absolutely no warning about hidden files . I thought it backed up all my required files so I deleted my originals just to find out that it had not backed up the hidden folder . I lost my entire folder .
 I installed Memeo free trial and found it couterinuitive with very poor documentation . I recently downloaded a Windows update which attempted to install for about 9 hours and finally crashed . After a series of really scary black and white screens , I remembered that I had had a couple of Memeo error messages . After several attempts , I was able to uninstall Memeo and then the Windows update proceeded without incident . I conclude that Memeo was the cause of the update crash . Do n't even try it !
 Purchased Western Digital 's M-Bank External USB Backup on which was trial version of Memeo Auto Backup . After the trail period , was suggested that I purchase the Utility , but found it at a substantial reduced price via Amazon.com which was ordered. , however , during interim noted many who had issued reviews on this utility which averaged out at -LRB- 2 -RRB- with many expressing disappointment in program . I requested cancelation of order which was granted . I then purchased Paragon 's Drive Backup Personal 8.5 , only to find that it did not back up any files or folders , only the drives and partitions . I was upgraded at no additional cost to version 9.0 to be able to back up files and folders too. , only to find that this utility was also defective and incapable . I thus resorted to seeking a freeware utility and came across Cabian Backup 9 , that I earlier downloaded when the Beta version came out . I also downloaded Comodo Backup Ver . 1.0.4.337 , which is somewhat comparable to Cabian Backup 9 . I am toying back and forth with these two programs to see which I will stay with . Right now am leaning towards Cabian Backup 9 . Hope this helps those needing help as to what and which utility to go with .
 WHY WE BOUGHT ITMemeo AutoBackUp does n't work . My wife 's hard drive crashed this March and after we got it fixed I purchased a external 500g Western Digital hard drive to back up software . It came with Memeo software . My first mistake was installing the software after opening the box . The `` free trial '' was already expired . We were desperate -LRB- never a great position to be in with computers -RRB- and purchased the `` full '' version from Memeo via their website.PERFORMANCEDespite what the website , packaging , and this page tell you , the software will NOT : - > Tell you how to back up files - > Allow you to schedule back up sessions - > Give an accurate report of back upsIt will allow you to create a backup file , but there is no way to activate the backing-up process . After about a month , we realized the software was n't backing up regularly , it would chose random dates/times to perform the backup . I 've since taken to just compressing files using Winzip and storing them on the hard drive that way.CUSTOMER SERVICEMemeo AutoBackup has n't responded to my multiple requests for help via email or phone . It sounds absurd -- but they just do n't care that their product does n't work.For the record , the hard drive it came with works great -- if you drag files directly to it .
 Memeo Autobackup simply does not work properly . It does not work as advertised . I paid full price for the full version . Backing up Outlook mail files are completely HIDDEN . Found it anyway and turned it on and it STILL DID N'T BACK IT UP !!! Thousands of files selected for backup not backed up . Customer Support / Tech Support is the worst in the world . I had to take a whole day off of work to deal with them and them they wanted me to take a second whole day off of work because their products sucks .
 In June 2007 installed the version of Memeo that came with Seagate ST307504FPA1E3-RK FreeAgent Pro 750 GB USB / eSATA / FireWire 400 External Hard Drive and was initially pleased . A few weeks later I decided to look into the backup directory on the FreeAgent drive , and found that a fair number of the files were not in fact getting backed up . The Memeo error log showed that some files had characters in their names that Memeo did n't support for some reason -LRB- eg , periods , parens , commas , all characters that Windows supports in file names . It also complained about too-long file names
 I have this product and installed the most recent update . This product has several problems .1 -RRB- The program is not fault tolerant . My computer crashed while Memeo was running in the background . The program lost my Backup Plan . I installed the most recent program update and my Backup Plan re-appeared and started working . However , I did my own test and discovered that while the program said that everything was backed up , indeed there were files missing on the destination drive . I even erased some of the files on the destination drive to see if the program would catch the discrepancy when I told it to `` Verify Backups . '' It did not and still reported that my data was fully backed-up . The only solution to this is to wipe out your entire back-up plan , wipe out all of the backed-up files on the destination drive , and start all over again from scratch . Try that with 450 Gig of data ! 2 -RRB- For the third time already my back-up plan stalled . The program just says `` pending '' but nothing ever happens . Days and weeks go by and all you get is `` pending . '' How does Memeo solve this ? On their forums they claim that there is no generic solution to this freeze so you have to e-mail them your log file and they will send you a customized solution . Or you could go with the solution in problem number 1 , wipe out everything and start all over again from scratch.I have lost confidence in this product , especially the fact that it gives you a false sense of security by telling you that your files are backed-up when in fact they are not.I have also used EMC Retrospect 2.0 . That program is clunky , bland , less feature rich , and only semi-intuitive , but when it says your stuff is backed-up , you can believe it .
 This travesty of a backup program came bundled with the 500 GB Buffalo Drivestation Combo external HD I recently purchased . Here are the problems I encountered with it . - took forever to make initial backup - auto backed up temp internet files while I was browsing , so I entered an exclusion and it stopped backing them up , but the next time I launched it , it started backing them up again with the exclusion still present - after the first couple of days it stopped backing up automatically altogether - limited options - eats up resources , even though it claims not to - buggy and error-filled operationsAutobackup sounds great in theory , if only it worked half as well as they claim it does . Unfortunately , it 's not worth the CD it 's printed on.If you want a great backup program , check out Syncback http://www.download.com/SyncBack/3000-2242_4-10413802.htmlThe initial backup took a fraction of the time that Autobackup did , lots of options , scheduled or manual backups , backs up fast , takes no time to set up , uses little resources , and best of all
 This is the biggest piece of poop I ever installed on my computer . And I built my own PC from scratch -LRB- 20 yrs in the industry -RRB- . The install corrupted my XP files and the Memeo `` uninstall '' process failed which left corrupted files all over my computer . It took me over 5 hours to repair and I still have not managed to delete all the Memeo trash from my desktop . And I 've been a tech programmer for 20 yrs . What a disaster !
 It is important to notice that all the positive reviews here on Memeo Autobackup are written by people who are talking about their experience backing up files , not restoring files . On the flipside , a lot of the negative reviews are written by people who experienced the harddrive failure you are protecting against , and needed to do a restore.I am one of those people . I just reconstructed my computer after a hard drive failure . `` Thank God I backed all my data up with Memeo , '' I said to myself . Little did I know how very wrong I was.What is a backup program 's most important function ? To restore your files when that fateful day happens . Memeo fails to do this in a serious way . When you connect your new , blank harddrive to your backup drive , Memeo attempts to restore by overwriting your backup drive with your new drive 's contents.Hard to believe ? It 's true . When you turn on Memeo and ask it to restore a backup to your computer , it first scans your computer and will overwrite any folders that exist on both your computer and your backup , before attempting the restore . I told myself that I must be reading the instructions incorrectly ; nope , I double and triple checked . Seriously , try it yourself . Unbelieveable !!! I 'm embarrassed for this company and how shoddy this product is . If you are diligent enough to run a backup program , the last thing you want is to have the file restore fall apart on you.Do you want to gamble your important personal files on a program that deletes them ? Then buy Memeo .
 As others have said , this is the WORST backup software I have ever used . Here 's my story , which sounds much like what others have experienced.After a Vista crash the Memeo GUI appears telling me I have no backup plan -LRB- a plan was there before the crash -RRB- . Upon the start of a recreation of a plan , the old plan was found on the external hard drive ... that 's great , right ? NO ! The index had to be rebuilt , which essentially means everything is being backed up again . When I rebooted , the plan was gone completely . Memeo technical support has been no help so far , the only thing I can find in previous support requests was to start over.Other drawbacks are the backup runs constantly , backing up on the fly . This is annoying because some files , which are not in use , are being backed up constantly . Also the balloon tips , which ca n't be shut off via the software appear incessantly - it was so bad I had to edit the registry to turn of balloon tips altogether .
 Memeo Autobackup simply does not work properly . It does not work as advertised . I paid full price for the full version . Backing up Outlook mail files are completely HIDDEN . Found it anyway and turned it on and it STILL DID N'T BACK IT UP !!! Thousands of files selected for backup not backed up . Customer Support / Tech Support is the worst in the world . I had to take a whole day off of work to deal with them and them they wanted me to take a second whole day off of work because their products sucks .
 Memeo is an odd bit of software . The focus is on backup up your data - only - to online storage . It CAN back up other files , but it wo n't by default . And it can backup to , for example , a USB hard disk , but it 's not really optimized for that either ... it does n't compress -LRB- which would speed up a USB backup -RRB- nor does it have decent file masks . This weakness at USB usage is especially strange considering Memeo is bundled with drives by Buffalo and Seagate.Memeo does do automatic real-time backup of data decently well . For example , the instant your mail folder is updated , it can back it up . But even this is screwed up by the lack of exclusions . If you selected a general location that includes files that are frequently updated ... such as your mail history , your browser cache , Firefox/Opera cookies , etc. . . Memeo will back all those pointless files up every few seconds also . And you ca n't easily tell it not to , because file exclusions are n't exposed , just directory exclusions . -LRB- You can hack the BackupRules.xml file to accomplish this though . -RRB- If you want a simple program that will help you store your financial , email and word processing data to an external server , Memeo is a good choice . But anyone who wants control of the backup should find a better tool .
 Bought the program and it worked fine . Memeo then sent an automatic update and from that point on when the computer booted up I received a message that `` Memeo has encountered a problem and must shut down '' . Detail inside the message show `` possible corrupted database . '' Sent the error message to Memeo at least 30 times and asked them to call or respond . No response ! Found a phone number and called it and their voice mail box was full . I 'm now looking for a backup program that will work and where customer service will respond .
 My wife is a pre-school teacher . With our latest upgrade of windows XP , the driver needed for this software to print was removed . I have yet to learn how to restore that driver . Users of Windows XP beware !
 I was looking so forward to having this print collection because none of the older Disney print sets -LRB- of which I had all of them -RRB- work on newer versions of Windows . Sadly this one was the same thing . I did n't realize it and it only worked on Windows versions up to Millenium . I have Vista and it wo n't install . I wish Disney would stop doing that .
 Zero stars for this company 's products ! I was sold a product direct from them that was incompatible . I have spent hours in arguments over refunds , etc. . Sales reps and Cust Sevr untrained . They DO NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR COMPANY/PRODUCT ! BEWARE .
 I 'm not familiar with other computer based Spanish-English dictionaries with audio pronuncaiation , or even if there are any . This one is OK if all you want to do is look up words on the computer instead of in a printed dictionary and get some clue about how they 're pronounced . But , the controls are mystifying , the help function does n't , the pronunciation is Castilian for the Spanish and British for the English , and the games do n't have all the features the intro movie so breezily shows - like , the option to select the crossword puzzle vocabulary from a restricted list of words . I happened to buy this used and cheap and am content - I got what I paid for , I suppose - but do n't have high expectations of either its features or its ease of use .
 Unnervingly bad customer service and technical support make this product more than just a waste of money . This product will cost you time and effort . I suggest Palo Alto software 's Market Plan Pro and Ad Plan Pro as an alternative.Please , do n't suffer what I had to at the hands of these amateurs !
 I found Marketing Builder to be a product that was not very reliable or helpful in building my marketing plans . I usually wasted more time with the software then writing . I 'd recommend using a different marketing plan software .
 If you have the most recent version of WordPerfect , beware , this product will not install the WP8 language module on a Windows 98 platform . Apparently NT and 95 will do , but not 98 . They could n't mention this in the advertising ? Duh ?
 What a peace of garbage , wo n't register , nothing wrong with my internet connection . Wo n't down load , hours of frustration , took a couple hours off to cool off , try again , then the same old crap . This is going back . Only reason it gets one star is because there 's nothing less .
 Hey , I 've used ZoneAlarm for years and agree that it 's a fairly good firewall for the money . However , watch out for the latest version -LRB- version 6 -RRB- !! It hosed my computer . It forgot all the settings I 've had on it for the past five or so years . Every application on my computer that accesses the internet is no longer working including Internet Explorer and my email . They added this new feature Smart Defense that does n't seem too smart so far . They also changed all your program permissions to Block . You have to physically go in and change them back to Ask just to get it to prompt you for access to the internet . Then they amazing broke the Remember this Setting option so it prompts you again and again . Anyway , you get the picture and I can sleep knowing you have been warned . The latest upgrade is terrible .
 When I ordered this product I expected a lot . What I got was a big disappointment . The hairstyles repear themselves and the accessories are mostly ugly . It also does n't seem very realistic . A product that I enjoyed much more was the Cosmopolitan Virtual Makeover Deluxe 2 . Try it for yourself , I 'm pretty sure you 'll like it too !
 I purchased Voice Pilot 3.0 here on Amazon.com , who sent the order to a company called Tech Depot , a division of Office Depot . When my order arrived , I opened the box to find a card game called `` Colin 's Classic Cards . '' A fine program I 'm sure , but hardly what I ordered . I called their customer service line , and I was told that it was a `` pick error . '' They issued an RMA for the return and said they would overnight me the correct software , which they did . But , it turned out to be another copy of `` Colin 's Classic Cards . '' So , again I called customer service , and again I was told that it was a `` pick error . '' They issued an RMA for the second return and again said they would overnight me the correct software , which they did . But , it turned out to be another copy of `` Colin 's Classic Cards . '' Are you starting to see a pattern here ? So this time , when I called customer service , I just asked for a refund , you know , three strikes and all . I wish I could have given a better review of Voice Pilot 3.0 but I 've yet to see it . Hope this helps .
 Do n't believe the claim that this is mac compatible !!!!! WINDOWS ONLY ... UGH !!!!!!!!
 i got this product with no information and i can see it on my computer but it wont let me add any photos . i was getting it for fun , but it has only been frusterating .
 I bought this program because I was desperate to syncronize my Palm Pilot IIIx with Outlook 2000 . All I had from the beginning were problems and error messages . After calling the company and talking to two different representatives for two hours total , I did n't resolve anything and I consider myself a fairly knowledgeable computer user . I have never had as many problems trying to configure software on my desktop.I suggest that before you buy Desktop to Go make sure that you are ready to take advantage of the 30 day money-back guarantee . I had never had as many problems with a Dataviz product and I was disappointed with this product . The techs told me that there were probably other software conflicts but nothing was resolved beyond that .
 I purchased this to upgrade from Windows Vista Home Premium to Windows Vista Ultimate so that I could run Virtual PC 2007 . The first time I tried the upgrade it failed -LRB- after about 3hours -RRB- with a non-specific error
 I wanted a new computer with Ultimate already installed , but instead bought a new HP with Home Premium and decided to use the `` Upgrade Anytime '' feature to step up to Ultimate . Big mistake!I followed the instructions explicitly . 30 minutes into the installation I receive an error `` Windows could not configure one or more system components . To install Windows restart the computer and then restart the installation '' , then , `` The upgrade was not successful . Your previous version of Windows is being restored . Do not restart your computer during this time . `` Since it said to `` restart the computer and restart the installation '' , I tried that . Same result . Apparently there is some component on my computer that is in conflict with the upgrade , however the error message is generic and wo n't tell me specifically why . Considering this is a new computer with a fresh-clean installation of Home Premium , it is rather disappointing . I could understand if there was a lot of junk on the computer - but it 's new.So wish me luck-since there 's no 24 hour support for the anytime upgrade department at Microsoft , I 'll be calling them in the morning and going through the `` Tech Support Hokey Pokey '' . If you 're considering purchasing this product make sure you have ample time and patience on your hands -LRB- during tech support business hours -RRB- to fiddle and tweak your applications , updates and settings .
 I have an HP PC with Vista Home Premium and bought this product.I tried every possible suggestion on Microsoft web , HP web , HP support , etc etc and still the upgrade failed 3 consequetive times . Spent over10 excruciating hours.If time is of any value to you , do n't waste it .
 I think I 'm computer literate but I had a difficult time installing this update from Office Home and Student 2007 . The technical support -LRB- out-sourced -RRB- had a hard time communicating with me , He had to do an easy assist and take over my computer to install . Before installing the program , he had to delete several programs which I had to reinstall.I bought the update because I wanted to translate several languages to and back to English . I needed the Ultimate update for the Language software moduals that works thru MS Word 2007 . The Technical support ca n't help me even after transfering me to different departments . The real fustrating part about this is ; that they left me hanging three , going on four days now , where they said they will get back to me with some one who knows what to do . I 've arranged times and dates to be here when they call to fix the the language softwere problem , -LRB- ca n't get the languages I need -RRB- . As for my review , the upgrade to Ultimate probably works , I did not notice much difference between The Home Premium and Ultimate , but I do n't use all the frills and gagets that they advertise.If you decide to buy , Suspect That The Technical Support Is Questionable .
 The inplace upgrade is more expensive than simply buying ultimate upgrade and be done with it -- home premium ed . costs 150 , this upgrade is 150 -- all the while Ultimate upgrade is 250 flat . You are wasting 50 $ for no apparent reason .
 Are you used to saving program files in C : \ Program Files \ Name of program ? Well you can forget doing that with Vista unless you buy the two most expensive versions -LRB- Ultimate or Business -RRB- ? Why is that ? Because Vista does not recognize you as the owner of your own C
 I purchased several items in order to begin to learn German . I found this product to be the most annoying . The software is archaic and difficult to navigate . Also , the method of teaching employed involves total immersion in German , with no accompanying translations of the words being taught . However , the software does offer several ways to practice the vocabulary for each lesson , with spoken and written exercises . In combination with other books and audio CDs , these exercises were a little helpful , but overall I gained the least knowledge from this product .
 This method seems to be a little one . It only has 1 CD rom and NO WORKBOOK , just another methods .
 Its worthless , utterly worthless . My father was born in Germany , and speaks the language fluently , having lived there 26 years . He watched me use this software and told me it is not going to teach anyone German . Do n't waste your money on this software .
 If one knows absolutely no german , this product will not provide any structured methodical way to learn some , so it is useless to an absolute beginner . If one does know even a small amount of german , then one will already know more than the few phrases and the few very basic words which this package contains . The mulimedia section is a farcical - 10 songs and some pathetic games . The fact that the box stated that it is a 3 CD set led me to think that it would contain lots of multimedia - in actual fact the same video and audio is replicated on each of the disks . Very disappointing .
 This product is very disappointing . The graphics are poor . Words are used which are not usual -LRB- `` diga '' to answer the phone -RRB- and are not even contained in their own dictionary . Why not just say hello ? -LRB- `` Hola '' -RRB- Dictionary does not pronounce the words so a book would be MORE useful , not less , than this software . The simplest things are repeated over and over , and then they throw something new in without a clue as to what it means .
 berlitz employees write most of the gushing reviews posted on this site . Beware that there are much less expensive products , that there is nothing revolutionary about these products , and that you will find less expensive variants elsewhere . Be cost conscious and know that you will not learn a language from a cd rom
 There is no description of this product on line . Please note that it only references Windows 3.1 -LRB- Circa 1993 -RRB- and will not install with Windows XP . It is quite a shame because it looks like a beautiful little program for DECK design . I was looking forward to quickly and easily creating a parts list . Stuart Gannes , Director , Digital Vision Program at Stanford University created this award winning program . The company was sold in 1997 at which time Gannes accepted a position as Vice President of Internet Applications for AT&T Labs in Menlo Park , California . Sorry folks . Do n't buy this product now unless you 're running a VERY old system .
 I bought this game with the idea that it would be just a regalur fishtank on the computer.I love sim games so I was very excited to aquire this.At first it was great , I had some beautiful fish and they were living nicley I read the care guides and fed them at the right times but by the third day some of them became sick.I tried to care for them approprietly but they all died in about two hours . I was sad and unhappy naturally , so I went to get more fish and there werent as many fish as befor and eventually I used up all the fish.So I was confused why I didnt get anymore fish so I uninstalled the game and reinstalled it so I had all my fish back.Then I was looking through the box and found a paper that had the website address on it . I went to the site and found out after all your fish die you are supposed to buy more fish at inflated prices.I just returned the game for my money back . You see the game is just the initial price , it will cost you a lot more in the long run . Thanks for reading my review !!!!!!!!!!!!
 old fashioned and rather dated CAD 2-D program . Pro
 I live in the u.p.of michigan and with all the snowmobile trails here I thought this would be the thing to have , boy was I wrong . The ads say that snowmobile trails are included in this map series as well as other features I have not been able to located the trails on the map . If anyone knows how to address this feature please post them here . Thanks .
 Stick to the paper maps , the GPS is great , the software is worthless .
 Garmin is very interested in protecting their software , vis a viz many different unlock keys etc. . If you plan on using this with your Garmin GPS , good luck ! Did not work well at all on my PC , then tried it on a Mac with Parallels , also did not work . Called Garmin 's help line and the service pretty weak .
 I honestly do not know what Topo US is good for . I have hunted for hiking trails but have n't found any in my area ... or any area for that matter . I have found pipelines and powerlines ... whooptie do ... Also , I use my Garmin for road navigation ... I assumed that TOPO would overlay street maps ... WRONG ... There are like a million little TOPO maps and I have to go into map setup and individually enable/disable the maps ... a major pain when scrolling through 50-200 maps . The TOPO has streets but then are WAY out of date . like 20 years out of date . and you HAVE to look at the old roads when looking at TOPO data.Some friends had me do some searches on underwater wrecks for deep sea diving but they did n't come up ... I honestly do n't know what this software is good for .2 Stars instead of one because there ARE topolines and mountian peaks .
 THis product is good and useful . I did find that some of the detail -LRB- like campsites -RRB- was not marked on the maps . This may be do to the year the product was created , I do n't know . More detail regarding features , -LRB- campsites , trails -RRB- would have been helpful for my purposes .
 If you intend to use this produce to follow off road trails , do n't waste your time . The maps are so out of date it 's not funny . Real roads that have existed for over 20 years dont even show on the map . Do n't waste your money .
 the title says it all - you have to use this for Garmin -LRB- if I am wrong please tell me so I can buy something else -RRB- but , it is only marginal . Not very up to date or detailed . i have been very very disappointed .
 I agree with John Bellis . Very strange and unintuitive interface . Maps not at all up to date . Customer support nonexistent -LRB- wait up to an hour and then asked if want to spend ... dollars for support -RRB- . Delorme makes Microsoft seem bland when it comes to sucking more money out of users for upgrades . You might note that they are not continuing this particular software -LRB- Road Warrior -RRB- I wonder why ?! Also , you can use their software with other GPS units but not their unit with other software . The people who are giving favorable reviews must work for Delorme .
 I have recently purchased this product . I must tell you , I can not sent this back fast enough . The software is a bug ridden mess . Many things do n't work , I will document for you .1 . The Application asks for the CD when launched . I have visited the support page and followed the support directions . They did not work . When I browsed for the cd it did n't do anything . 2 . I tried to run the UTIL . datacopy application . It failed looking for the cd . When I browsed for the cd it did n't do anything it continued to ask for it . 3 . Maps do not display on the screen , just a bunch of locations with no roads . 4 . - This is all I can find , for now , I have given up.I am quite certain that many other things do n't work either based on the deplorable record it has simply trying to install and launch it . Delorme should be ashamed releasing this product . It is very clear to me that Delorme hastily released Road Warrior to keep up with the Jones 's . Quality was sacrificed to get a product to market that works on a handheld . I am a Certified Computer and Network Engineer and Know what I am doing with a system . If I ca n't get this to work I can only imagine the poor guy who is n't as highly trained.I have installed this 4 times on a brand new IBM 600x laptop w/196 megs of ram and 3.5 gigs of disk avail , and two times on an HP Omnibook with 96 megs ram and 1.4 gigs disk avail . The IBM runs Win 2000 Pro , and the Omnibook runs Win98 version 2 .
 The Delorme GPS receiver works only with Delorme 's software . It does not support the NEA standard . And Delorme 's software is not very accurate - errors are frequent . Buy a receiver that supports more than one vendor 's software so that you 're not locked in .
 I agree 100 % with first reviewer . I tried this software on two different notebook computers . It was full of bugs . One time it would work on a computer and the next time the data cd would try to install itself and hang up the entire computer . Some locations would show roads and some would not even show interstate-this at the same zoom level . The software also does not use standard GPS language like waypoints . The interface is not user friendy . I am a very experienced computer user , teacher and database designer . I would hate to try this software as a novice .
 We were searching for software that would allow us to create our own recipe book . This one does , unfortunately , it is weak in its categorizing ability . For example , we created our book and added a recipe for pie . Then , when you want to view all pie recipies in your book , you are forced to view all pie recipies on the CD . You could create a chapter called `` pies '' - but this is not very flexible -LRB- desserts would make more sense -RRB- . The screen layouts are unpolished and are not user friendly . Try finding Nutritional information -LRB- hint
 still trying to return this program - it is a student version and I need the full version - how do I return it ?
 Used CreataCard on Windows XP and loved it . CreataCard Plus no compatible with Windows 7 . VERY disappointed . Will return . This info not incleded on product info .
 I am unable to use it . It will not run on my Windows 7 platform and did not say soin the pre-purchase information . I would like to return it .
 I recently purchased card shop plus from Amazon.com so that I caould do calenders for church but much to my disappointment the disc will not let me use the year 2011 even tho it shows me the option for 2011 , 2012 , and 2013 . . it says it can not find that year ????
 This was probably high-tech in it 's time , but Version 2 -LRB- maybe other versions -RRB- should really be taken off the market . It reminds me of a program of 10-20 years ago . I 'm computer literate but do n't have much patience with programs that are not intuitive . Options are limited and it 's hard to use . I wasted my money on this one ! Please do n't do the same !
 The version of this DVD was not compatible with any of my PCs or laptops , which I guess explains why it was so cheap . I should have read more closely -LRB- if it was even listed anywhere -RRB- , what operating systems the DVD worked on , but it was very old OS 's that are n't even supported anymore . I ca n't use the DVDs so I ca n't rate the content .
 I bought this as a research tool , but it 's almost unusable . I had no problem with the 95/98 format , because XP has a tool to overcome that.The problem is that the searches are clunky , you ca n't search PHOTOS at all , and the indexed searches are clearly NOT pulling all searches.If you have one hundred years to browse through this behemoth in search of what you need , then by all means , buy it . If you are planning on quick , efficient searches to pull up images or even articles you need , then you 're screwed.National Geographic has a halfway decent search tool on their own web site , and most large or college libraries also have enhanced Nat Geo search tools that would be more helpful.This product is just a poorly-indexed waste of time and effort.Avoid .
 Although well reviewed in the press , I , too , found this virtually unusable . It is not very intuitive , and like the other reviewer I found it to be buggy and the cause of a multitude of GPFs . The furniture styles are limited , and it takes alot of time to build a floor plan for a house without square rooms . Then you try to furnish the room , and disaster strikes . I give up .
 I was extremely disappointed in Total 3D Home Deluxe -LRB- v1 .0 -RRB- . This is the first software that I have ever bought that was unusable as shipped.Entire rooms would disappear on walk-throughs , leaving only lonely door frames to mark their absense . The 3D rendering software generated almost photo-realistic images of rooms , but left ugly black visual artifacts on surfaces . If you wait 45 minutes for software to render an image of a bathroom , you should n't have to spend another 20 minutes in Photoshop trying to repair it!Don ' t buy this -- wait for version 2.0 .
 I found this to be the most difficult software I have ever used . Very dissappointed in it . The wallpapers , drapery and blind fabrics were limited and old fashioned . All in all , was n't worth the money I paid for it and I got it on sale .
 Do NOT , I repeat , Do NOT purchase this product . I learned the hard way . First , it comes on floppy disks and I had to have another sent to me because the first was faulty ! Second , the GUI is horrible and difficult to understand . Last , and least , is that most of the submissions did NOT work . I had to go and physically do this by hand . I have learned in my experience that doing it by hand is the only reliable way . It may be tedious , but well worth it . Please , do yourself a favor and do NOT purchase this worthless product !
 Allows you to submit your site to lots of search-engine . Claims to `` boost your rankings , '' although I dont see how . My advice
 Anything I ever bought from this company Language force has been pure garbage . It never works the way they claim it is suppose to , just read all the reviews about the language translantors they make . Save your money .
 This might have made sense back when there were no other options for directory assistance , when everyone was charging for it . Luckily , 1-800-Free411 has pretty much made this obsolete .
 Here 's what you really get ; if you can get through a nightmare install -LRB- I had to call tech-support just to get it to install -RRB- ; A low-grade version of IBM 's Via Voice technology -LRB- probably a freely available version -RRB- , Microsoft 's freely available Agent technology using Robby The Robot to speak to you , and a bunch of worthless Learning Games that do n't teach anything but a few basic words you probably already know , and are more anoying than engaging . Voice translation is crap since your using a rudimentary ViaVoice version and the translation is rudimentary and not fully accurate -LRB- no conjugated verbs here of course -RRB- . And if you want to translate web pages forget this software , try a FREE plug-in from Altavista for Internet Explorer called Babel Fish -LRB- INSERT THE URL ! -RRB- instead of wasting money on this junk software . Instant Spanish 2000 is really just a bunch of other companies basic technology patched together to look like an original program . -LRB- INSERT SPITEFUL REMARK ! -RRB-
 this product is garbage , I bought it to learn spanish for a vaction I was taking . I learned nothing from it . It is difficult to use and does not work well on windows computers .
 Instant Spanish ? Yea Right . I have this one and the German program both are total junk , do n't waste your money , buy a dictionary or take a college class or something but this is one to not buy . I used it for school and it messed me up , I learned nothing from using it .
 this program is garbage , it does not work al all . I also own Language Forces Universal Translator , and that is also garbage that dont work , this company puts out inferior software products . If you buy a good dictionary you would save a lot of money and be better off .
 I was not happy with this . I got it to try and converse with spanish speaking people . After using this thing for a month I was unable to say much . I went out and even bought the Univeral Translator 2000 that the same company makes . Big mistake for me . all this thing does is translate my money into their pocket , other than that it was not useful at all . It did not work like it is claims to on their box . I could not get this thing to translate 1 simple sentence . I uninstalled it and returned it . After having to fix my copy of Microsoft Word 97 that the language translator messed up on me . It claims to work fine with Word 97 , my copy of Word was so messed up I had to uninstall it , and reinstall it twice . I did not find either program helpful to me in learning spainsh , I bought a great dictionary and spanish for idots books and I am learning so much more than with this software . The books are better . Much better .
 First of all , when you get this program , it takles several calls to tech support to get it even installed . In the true program , the dictionary contains practically no words , and the voice translation technonlogy does n't even work . Never buy any product by LanguageForce . I 've tested many of them , and not one of them actually does what iy says it does on the box .
 This program made my windows 98 crash it is not compatable with Windows as it says it does , and if you do ge this thing to work it teaches you nothing . Better off looking at the book sections , and buy a good learn How to speak German book
 I own this product , I bought it to learn German for a vaction I was going to take . I learned nothing from this software . Dont waste your money . Buy a book , like the idots guide to German , that is much better than this product .
 I could not learn German from this software , I had too much trouble with it , was not working well on my computer platform . Made my windows pc crash to much .
 I could not learn German from this software , I had too much trouble with it , was not working well on my computer platform .
 I have this one it 's total junk , dont waste your money , buy a dictionary or take a college class or something but this is one to not buy . I used it for school and it messed me up , I learned nothing from using it .
 I tried using this product to make a rough translation of a few articles . I hoped that I could then just read through them , correct a few errors and be done . The results were however of shockingly poor quality . It translated sentences like `` If this was working , there would n't be a problem '' to Dutch and when I translate back to English they read `` This working there not it be problem '' which did n't make any more sense than it did in Dutch . As you can see it costs more time to correct the mistakes than to just translate it manually . It ca n't even be used to understand a foreign text correctly because the syntax and tenses are jumbled seemingly randomly . Very poor program , but at least a brave attempt at a very complex problem . Also interesting to learn from their mistakes if you intend to make a similar program yourself .
 While it might have been considered `` decent '' in 1999 or 2000 , it just does n't really stack up to todays translation machines . It is decent in english to spanish , french and german ... probably compriable to babelfish -LRB- free online translator -RRB- . However for most other languages this thing is a complete mess and does a few poor job , missing many words or in some cases entire lines . Also the company who made it `` languageforce '' seems to have gone out of business . It seems to work on Vista even though it is n't made for it , and the interface kinda looks like it was made for windows 98 or something . I recommend skipping this thing and getting Power Translator 11 .
 THIS PROGRAM IS JUST JUNK ! To protect yourself & your money DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM . It does nothing it says it can do . All you are buying is a program made of lies.There are other programs you can get that will work better than this on for the money . This is just a rip-off . Plus if you have Windows XP , it will not work.Buyer Beware !
 Dont waste your money they have no after sales service address.Someone is making money out of a product that has no return address . Will not work on XP .
 To say I was disappointed with this purchase would be an understatement . I bought it in the full belief that it would actually help me to translate e-mail and websites as the packaging said . Unfortunately , the packaging is entirely misleading and should be mostly disregarded . You will not be able to successfully translate full sentences with anything approaching ease . This is mostly a word-by-word translator , and significant knowledge of the target language -- and its grammar -- is required to be able to pull off reasonable translations.I must say that I found the Spanish translations competent , but this was because I know Spanish and therefore could make informed choices when the program prompted me for word choice.And this is where the strength of the program is . It does actually help you if you know your target language well enough to multiple guess your way through a series of choices.But is that really a strength ? It seems to me that the goal of any product which calls itself ` Universal Translator ' should be to fully automate the translation process , not give you a multiple choice quiz about a language you do n't know.Now I 've read reviews which apologize for this by saying that all computer language translation packages make draft translations only , and that you really should have someone who knows the language to write the final form . Perhaps so . But this product depends so much on user knowledge of the language that you need someone with those language skills long before the draft stage.Truth is , there are other packages which , despite making what might be called ` draft translations ' , at least translate whole sentences . The problem whith packages like that is that they do n't translate nearly so many languages , nor are they cheap . Indeed , there are many languages this product translates that are n't translated by anyone else.This product is thus recommendable in a limited way . If you basically know a langauge , but ca n't trust yourself to translate lengthy documents , this product might eventually steer you to an acceptable translation . Also , if you really need to translate into Slovak or one of the other lesser-known languages , this may be your only hope.Still , I ca n't help remembering what language teachers have told me in the past
 I own a small motel and bought this software to use to give our Spanish speaking employees instructions . When I could get the software to work the employees could not understand the Spanish translations . It also was not compatable with the reservation software that I use and blew it off my computer . I had to reload the reservation software after loading the language translator . Then when I shut the computer down at night it blew my reservation software off again . The technical support was absolutely useless . The only thing they would offer was a program for over $ 200 that they said would work better . When I tried to get my money back I was told to forget it . Do n't buy this unless you have money to throw into the trash .
 I found this software pathetic for use with the Slavic languages . Some of the most basic words such as ` good ' in Slovak could not be translated . In Czech , ` good ' tranlated into ` best ' . Totally forget translation of sentences , it can not do single words . For some reason translation into Russian would show up as Spanish . The speech synthesis was so bad it was actually funny . It apparently uses English phonetics no matter what language is being translated . This results is completely unrecognizable speech . If I had n't received a full refund from COMPUSA , I would be very upset right now . By the way , do n't expect any sympathy from the developer .
 I bought it mainly to assist in translation of my rusty Spanish . I spend more time updating the dictionary when I use it than I do actually translating with it . There 's no throwing away your language dictionaries with this program .
 This is a terrible product which does not even remotely do what it claims . After a lot of time and effort , you will end up with translations that are useless . Documents translated into Spanish and German were found to be so poorly done as to be laughable . Those who speak the languages found the translations rediculous . This is a bad product which should not even be considered .
 It 's too complicated and too time consuming to use . I read the other reviews about only being able to translate one word at the time ... I 'm impressed . I ca n't even get that far . And on top of all of that , they were supposed to send me a rebate ... but it 's been 4 months since I sent in my paperwork . Now I ca n't even get their stupid little rocket icon from showing up twice on my opening page and interfering with another language program -LRB- that actually works ! -RRB- . Save your money !
 I purchased this same program through compuserve . I never received my rebate . I found it difficult to use and the people I sent the messages to responded in english that the messages I sent in their language was indecipherable
 The worst piece of software I have ever used . Totally misleading . Does not come close to working as advertised . I do n't believe this program is intended to work . It looks like a come on to purchase `` advanced '' versions and make you spend more money . Do n't even consider this program .
 I bought it through a promotion from AOL and I want my money back !
 Total waste of money . Attempt to make it sound good -LSB- usable -RSB- . Look further , it adds up to being a worthless piece of software.Do not waste your money on this one .
 As much as we love the Jolly Postman book we were really looking forward to this software . We were very disappointed and found little in the way of activities . The few activities there are did not hold my daughter 's attention for very long .
 I 'm a long-time fan of Adobe , and eagerly anticipated CS3 . I hoped they would work out the many Macromedia bugs , but they managed to add a few of their own ! And the promised product integration simply is n't there : The Dreamweaver inteface is unchanged , except for renaming the Layers panel , and adding a new Objects tab . It wo n't correctly display interactivity in a SWF preview -LRB- the first click works ; subsequent click are treated as a right-click , showing the FlashPlayer drop-down menu rather than the functionality in the SWF ! -RRB- Photoshop may be the reason most people upgrade , but its most touted new feature -- non-destructive filters -- is implemented very poorly . Rather than working like adjustment layers currently work , SmartFilters , as they are known , convert the underlying Photoshop layer into a SmartObject and places the SmartFilter on top . You CS2 users know that you ca n't edit a SmartObject in Photoshop -- you have to go to the object 's native application . So to edit the image under a SmartFilter , Photoshop opens it in a new document window -LRB- meaning you ca n't see its interaction with layers underneath as you edit it , and ca n't see how the various SmartFilters make the changed composition look until you save and return to the original document.Flash was the reason I purchased this upgade
 As a graphic designer I 've been happily using adobe products since 1990 . The latest release , Creative Suite 3 , is an uncharacteristic exception . Acrobat locks my machine and I have n't been able to open a . pdf file successfully yet since installing CS3 -LRB- had to uninstall the Acrobat App -RRB- . Photoshop is very slow with odd periodic freezes for no apparent reason and crashes frequenty . They 've also messed up some of the refined workflow within the interface . Flash takes far to long to start up . Overall I 'm more happy with prior versions and much more productive with them . The only positive note so far is the ability to copy vector files cleanly and accurately into Flash from Illustrator . I would n't recommend this product in it 's current state .
 Do n't be fooled . This product is very buggy . Flash crashes often , especially when the debugger is on . Photoshop often hangs for no apparent reason and decides to come back to life after 60 seconds or so . All suite apps are extreeeeeemly slow at start up . The performance enhancements you got from you Mac Intel are once again devoured by a behemoth software package . Maybe it attemps to be too many things for too many people . Adobe competes with Microsoft for the bloatware award .
 Be careful!Adobe seems to have gone out of their way to infuriate their long time customers through an arcane , illogical and ultimately deceptive upgrade offer . You can spend hours on their website trying to make sure that you have the required products for an upgrade . Besides the obvious CS1 and CS2 versions that will let you successfully install CS3 , you see listed everywhere you can upgrade from Macromedia 's Studio MX or Studio 8 all over their website and marketing materials . Well , guess what ? If you buy any of the print focused CS3 Design Suites you ca n't use the Studio MX or 8 serial numbers ! After a long phone call with a polite Adobe rep who had to spend quite a bit of time himself checking with others to make sure the information was right , I was told that the ONLY CS3 upgrade package that will work with the Studio serial numbers are the CS3 Web Design packages . Not the regular print focused Design packages.By the time I got off the phone I was totally perplexed at their lack of logic not allowing Macromedia Studio customers who use Freehand to upgrade to a product that has Illustrator included . If you buy CS3 Design Standard or Premium and expect to upgrade from a Macromedia Studio package you can get stuck with an unusable upgrade that costs nearly $ 400 . I 've been working with Adobe 's products for since beta testing version .7 of Illustrator over 20 years ago . Obviously , I 've been a supporter of them for a very long time . Today I walked away from Adobe furious .
 This is a very buggy release that Adobe has been slow to fix . Adobe Bridge crashes frequently -LRB- and I am working on a Macpro with a 4GB RAM and 3.0 GHZ processors -RRB- . Likewise , InDesign has a known bug with indexing if you are trying to create an index across multiple documents . Check to see if they have fixed these issues before upgrading if these programs are crucial to your workflow . These issues are current as of August 2007 .
 I was hoping Adobe would fix a lot of the bugs in Dreamweaver -LRB- especially , the horrible slowness on the Mac platform -RRB- but it seems they ignored Dreamweaver altogether and focused on redoing their own products.Avoid if you can .
 This program is buggy . Stick with font book that comes with OSX . This release has problems with : Not saving settings , not loading fonts correctly for use , constant conflict problems , Ive had multiple problems with the program crashing on startup requiring me to go in and manually clean out fonts . I never write reviews but the amount of headache this program has given me prompted me to spread the word . AVOID SUITCASE AT ALL COSTS !
 I bought this because I 'm a graphic designer and I have 1000 + fonts on my system at once . And that can really slow things down , and it can also really cause problems if just one of those fonts gets corrupted . So I thought I needed a big `` powerful '' solution like Suitcase . Turns out , the Font Book that is PART of OS X Panther , does everything I need . It lets you preview fonts , it lets you disable and enable them . Its a very powerful little app , and its FREE . Font Suitcase sucks . It does n't seem to work at all . Its manual does very little to really explain how your supposed to really use the app . It does n't explain things well at all . I 'm a pretty smart guy , and I could n't figure out how to get all my fonts into the program properly , and when I could get them to show up , I could n't turn any of them on or off . Suitcase is a mess . It is a waste of money and a waste of time . Font Book , that comes with OS X 10.3 is the best app . So simple , so easy to use , so effective . So Apple .
 If could give it no stars I would . Clicking manage system fonts was essentially a death sentence for my machine . It screwed it up so bad I had to switch all my software to another mac in order to make my deadline . Absolutely , totally , one of the most abysmal pieces of software ever created.Minor bugs are bad enough , but a total system collapse is totally inexcusable .
 I 've been a Macintosh consultant to graphic artists for over 15 years . Suitcase was always THE solution for font management . However , Extensis was never able to get X1 working under Mac OS X. I suggest you avoid this version at all costs . After several rounds with Extensis tech support , whose advice consisted mostly of ineffective and unhelpful -LRB- but lengthy -RRB- procedures , I gave up and switched to FontAgent Pro . I have n't had a SINGLE crash in the year since I made that move . Compare that with the almost daily crashes of Suitcase X1 under Mac OS 10.4.x . Buyer beware.On the plus side -LRB- hehe -RRB- the included FontDoctor and Font Book are great little programs . They can be purchased separately , however .
 My First Amazing World Explorer 2.0 does not work on Windows XP even though the advertisement on Amazon says it does .
 I ca n't get this software to work on an xp or a mac ... I would love to know if there is some sort of update out there . I bought World History 2.0 , History Explorer and Science Explorer ... none of them will work .
 This program is buggy . Stick with font book that comes with OSX . This release has problems with : Not saving settings , not loading fonts correctly for use , constant conflict problems , Ive had multiple problems with the program crashing on startup requiring me to go in and manually clean out fonts . I never write reviews but the amount of headache this program has given me prompted me to spread the word . AVOID SUITCASE AT ALL COSTS !
 I checked out this game from my library . I could not figure out how to do anything ! It was very confusing , and the manual offered little help . My skiers kept crashing and dieing , and I could not figure out how to build anything ! I am so glad that I did not spend any money on this game .
 When i put this game on my wishlist i thought it was going to be fun but boy was i wrong the game i got was messed up because it kpt pausing automaticly and the graphics sucked and when it is loading the screen is messed up and the main menu is so messed up it does n't even appear on the screen . I loved rollercoaster tycoon but save your mony on this one
 This game is the worst game that I have ever played . The graphics are horrible , plus it is just plain boring . The only fun I had in this game was making a gigantic pit and then watching the skiers and snowboarders fall all the way down . tip
 This game was very poorly made and the graphics were terrible . There is really nothing to be done in this game . It looks like a fun game on the cover of the box , but do n't be fooled.As mentioned earlier , if you want a fun game try Roller Coaster Tycoon or The Sims . Something that actually maks your mind think . Ski Resort tycoon is a rip off , please do n't make the same mistake I did . I wasted -LSB- good $ -RSB- .
 I love all the other sim business games I have played . Railroad Tycoon -LRB- the original -RRB- for starters . If you like the original RR Tycoon you could probably tolerate lots of bad games out there . Not this one . My mouse cursor hardly moved , it took forever to actually be able to click on an option , because the arrow was skipping around never going on the object I was trying to select -LRB- zooming in did help some , but it was still a pain -RRB- . The items cost too much money , growth is slow . You can not build things fast . You sit there and wait until you have enough money so you can buy some dumb thing so your guests wo n't leave . Forget trying to make a cool slope , you 're busy trying to keep a few guests in the resort by building heaters and condos . I turned the resort on , and left the computer on for a while , and did other things . I came back in a few hours and was able to buy some stuff for about 5 minutes and went back to other things.I do n't think I 'll ever play it again . I played it for about two days and I ca n't stand it.No , you can not `` compete '' with other parks , like in Theme Park , or RR Tycoons . You 're there all by yourself with a stupid ski resort listening to crappy music .
 Maybe a little kid would enjoy this but for a hard core fan of other tycoon games like rollercoaster tycoon stay far away . The slow mouse pointer and the dos like graphics do n't turn me on . Unless you are dying to design a ski resort , look elsewhere . There are plenty of other tycoon games that will be coming out soon that are bound to be far better then this ! Trust me ! If you are a serious gamer do n't buy this !
 I got this game for Christmas and I thought it was going to be great , because I loved Roller Coaster Tycoon . This game , however , is not nearly as good as RCT . I hated it ! The little hand was really hard to control and there did n't really seem to be a purpose to the game . What you had to do was build buildings , and most of the buildings required a less expensive building on the resort to be built before the building you wanted could be built . You could n't look in the buildings or anything . Save your money on this one , it 's not worth spending on . Buy something that can let you have more control , if that 's what you like . This is only a good game if you want to just see the little buildings placed around and watch skiers ski , but you ca n't build much yourself or anything . I think Roller Coaster Tycoon , or The Sims , or Sim City would all be better alternatives to Ski Resort Tycoon .
 First of all , I thought it was by Hasbro like RCT , but it 's not , it 's by Activision . I have a pretty good computer with 42 Gig , and it says that I have insufficient memory to play . If you know that it will work on your computer buy it , but I do n't know if it is a very good game .
 Primitive , Slow , as much fun as watching grass grow . I played it for 5 minutes and could n't take it anymore .
 This game is way too limited . It was fun for about 1 hour ... fun is a bit strong of a word ... it was tolerable for about an hour .
 Sounds a lot of fun does n't it ? Yeah , well for the first 3 hours or so . When you start this game , you begin to start building your first lift , add a couple of restrooms , maintaince shack , ski patrol hut , and a snack or espresso bar and so on depending on your funds . Many of the buildings require previous buildings to be built , so you cant just build a remarkable 5-star hotel with 300 rooms once you start . Then as you get more guests , some of them stayes overnight-whoops excuse me did I say that ? Theres not even a daynight cycle in this game . I gained a star up , but my funds were getting low . I only had about 5k left . If your funds are low , you have to wait in order to gain money . This is a very bory procces . I used the 3D third-peron mode . You actually feel like your skiing in a real resort ! The drawback to this , however is that even is you have a blazing fast no lagg and cinematic quality visual producing main stream graphics card with a powerful very fast processor and a lot of RAM -LRB- like mine , an Alienware Area-51 PC including a Pentium 4 3ghz Processor with 512 megabytes of RAM and a Nvidia GeForce FX 5600 Ultra 128MB -RRB- , you will still recieve a lot of lagg and slow frame rates . The physics are everything to complain about . Guests an literally ski though buildings , if you run is too steep , half their body is on top and the other , on the bottom of the snow . It 's not the deep snow , if it is they will be skiing very slowly . Also to complain about is the bad graphics and detail even in 1024x768 which is the highest resolution you can get , depending on your graphics card . Look at the skiiers and snowborders detail , they are nothing but a trapazoid shape as their body , and a spheare thats not even round , more like an octogon for their head . Avalanches that happen way to often , makes you go to the top of your screen . To get down your would have to move your increadibly slow pointer . Both of these features they put into this game are extreamley annoying . I eventually got to a five-star resort by `` chain building '' the hotels , resturants , restrooms , warming huts , entertainment centers , expert runs , and quality lifts . Finally , I just about have enough of this game and I started writing my review.Ups
 My disappointment started buying the software ! It felt like there was nothing in the box . It comes with no instruction manual , no warrenty card , nothing except the cd-rom . When I first played the software I got an ilegal operation screen about ten times before I got the software to start . Once I got it started , the software runned very , very slow , sometimes it would freeze ! When I got the game to start to work -LRB- after about a hour -RRB- the game ended up being no fun ! You can build things -LRB- but limited quanities -RRB- then I just gave up and felt like I wanted to return the software , but I could n't because I had already opened the box , and it came with no warrenty card . Do n't buy this software . It stinks !
 This game is really disappointing . I love Tycoon and Sim games , but this one is bad It has a good concept like Airport Tycoon but does n't carry it out as well as other tycoon games The graphics are horrible It is very unrealistic You do get hooked but it does get boring after about an hour . The game is easily hacked . Big Foot is cool Not a bad price , but this is more like a 9.95 then 19.95 game . It is a Tycoon game though , so if you are a fan you might as well give it a try.Fast Food Tycoon is a better game by the same company & it is the same price !
 This game is for people of simple minds , who like simple things , and think very simple . The game was very bad , who ever made this game needs to try again . Things wrong ... * Cant turn veiw on screen -LRB- no left to right changing -RRB- * Very slow , and sometimes to fast * No real goal , just build it and they will come * Horrible sound * Not enought choices And Many Many more ... . I would invest my money in something that makes sense . Good qualities ... * watching skiers fall !
 This game is campy and boring . There was no thought put into this game and it was easy to tell . I would not recomend this game to anyone .
 This game had a good idea but it was a wannabe of RCTycoon . The first couple days I had it , it was fun but after a while it got boring . You do n't really get a lot of freedom to do what you want , like in RCTycoon . In this game basically all you do is build lifts and buildings and watch skiers fall . Personally I wouldnt reccomend it .
 I bought this game with the expectation of it being like Roller Coaster Tycoon . I was wrong.In Roller Coaster Tycoon there are many campaigns at different parks you can do . You get new rides and stuff through R&D. ; I expected the same in this game . Instead , I found it had 5 campaigns -LRB- all which were pretty easy ... -RRB- , not much building variety , and not that fun.This is just my opinion . Instead of getting this game , I suggest `` The Sims '' or `` Roller Coaster Tycoon '' to you .
 Be Warned They CHARGE for Call in support now !! In my opinion ; Norton used to make some great products . I used to recommend their Norton Utilities and Anti Virus programs to friends and install them on computers I assembled for them . Sadly , this has changed . They now have an online forum where you are forced to ask your questions . They may even get around to answering your question , but it takes days to get correct answers -LRB- if ever -RRB- . The quality of their software has plummeted also . Several other companies make similar products that are FAR superior . Not only do I not give them a positive review , I strongly recommend you do NOT use them .
 Visual Page is good for just getting a site up and running . Nothing else . I 've had to hold up on my plans for learning DHTML and ASP because of this . Visual Page wo n't support them . The source code editing is way outdated and attempts to do the breaks for you . Numerous bugs , including presentation of transparent GIFs , make it annoying . I would hesitate to recommend this product unless you are in an economic fix and it already came with another Symantec product .
 Our 2 lawyer , 10 support staff office have been users of Maximizer Enterprise for about 3 years . We use PalmPilots -LRB- Vx and M505 -RRB- to sync our data . We have been quite dissatisfied with the Maximizer Link Software .1 . You can not sync your calendar or your To Do list without syncing your Address book . We have a large data base and unless you happen to sync the Address book entry for which you have a Task or a Calendar assignment , they will not show up on the Palm .2 . It is difficlut to change the list of Address book entries to by synced . On most of the machines in my office , trying to change the list will result in the program crashing . Multiactive does not have a fix for this . I had to keep trying machines until I found one that worked .3 . I can not sync my m505 with Maxlink Ver 6 - the Palm times out part way through the sync every time . The work around that I have discovered is to then configure MaxLink to revert the data to the state at the last sync . I will then get the address book entries that I was originally trying to sync.This software needs improvement !!!!!!!
 I used a demo version and was satisfied enough to buy it . That 's when my problems started
 This product worked well enough for its price . It didnt have too many options , but if you 're looking for a cheap way to make shirts , this will do .
 I 've owned a StreetPilot B&W for 5 years and have been extremely impressed with the unit and service by Garmin . When the MapSource MetroGuide CD Version 5.0 came out using NavTech I was excited with the change . When I installed it on my StreetPilot the level of detail is very poor compared to the old software . Both versions have similar detail when the zoom is 3/4 mile or below . Above that zoom the old software has the clear edge.If you factor in traveling at 55 mph you can imagine how quickly the screen image will change at 3/4 mile resolution . No longer can you see if the smaller state highways will be through roads or dead ends . In my opinion the new map , at higher zoom factors , is no better than a base map without the software loaded.I 've removed the Version 5.0 software from my unit and reloaded the old software . Garmin hopes to have an improved version towards the end of 2004 , which realistically will probably be in 2005 . I 'm surprised they released this software with this flaw .
 Although Amazon advertises MapSource MetroGuide North America v8 DVD -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , they only have MapSource MetroGuide North America v7 DVD -LRB- old 2005 -RRB- . Unless you want to buy a 2 year old set of maps purchase this product from another vendor !
 Check the rebate . To get it you must have purchased a previous version of the software . This is not a rebate at all , it 's an upgrade refund . This is not clear on Amazon 's front page - you have to drill into the rebate link to learn this . The price is higher than you think !
 Received product on time . Instead of an american Palm , I received a european one . I can not plug it in as I do not live in Europe and there is no American converter cord . I e-mailed customer service over a week ago and received NO response . I called customer service the day I received the produce and after trying to explain the error and need for a different Palm that would plug into an outlet in my home , for over 30 minutes , I gave up . She could n't have been more clueless and did not find it necessary to afford me the opportunity to speak to a supervisor that just might have a clue as to how to solve my problem . I ordered that Palm and needed to begin using it the day it was received . It now sits on my kitchen table , packed in the European box , just waiting for me to hear back from you . I have ordered many things from Amazon and I can tell you honestly that after this horrific experience that I may very well never order from you again . After many attempts at correcting this problem of receiving the wrong version of the Palm I ordered , I sit here , well over a week later , waiting for a response to your error .
 Got this for a recent trip to Montreal , Canada , and was shocked and amazed to discover that the map does NOT include ** ANY ** Montreal Metro stations ! Weirdly , the surface AMT railway stations are included , but to get around downtown on foot , you really need the Metro stations so this map is useless if you plan to use your Garmin device to get around Montreal without a car.Total waste of money in my case .
 Amazon description says this works in Windows XP . The product packaging says no such thing . It does not work in XP .
 Although this plastic card has some useful information for Nikon D200 users , it is certainly not worth the $ 10 for the card and the $ 7.50 from Adorama to ship it . If I had it to do all over again , I would just read the manual and use the money for a nice dinner . I recommend you do the same .
 The manufacturer of this software has gone out of business and shut down their authentication servers . You will , therefore , be unable to electronically authenticate this product . Without authentication , the software wo n't function at all .
 This product really does n't do much at all . I purchased it for free after rebate , thinking it was one of wincleaner 's suites . In reality , it is just a data removal solution , which you can get for around $ 20 or even free . A better use of money would be to buy Norton Systemworks , which sells for the same price -LRB- and often free after rebate -RRB- , and includes everything available in this product in addition to hordes of other useful tools .
 The whole concept of data-destorying concept is very good ... it is necessary to use such a program to destory important data . This program , however , represents a poor execution . For exmaple , when `` zapping '' a hard drive to remove previously-deleted files , it removes only the data , not the file name . In addition , the user interface is dated and unprofessional .
 I have purchased hundreds of items , including software from this site over the past decade plus . THIS IS THE ABSOLUTELY WORST ITEM THAT I HAVE EVER PURCHASED FROM THIS SITE OR ANYWHERE !!!! The software worked for only ONE computer !!! NUMEROUS EMAILS to wincleaner are fully ignored.THIS COMPANY IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST !!!! Do not be fooled by trolls who give this product more than one star ! The company must have employees log on to give this product favorable evaluations , but read the truth for the numerous people who have been robbed by wincleaner.Offered serial number , valid purchase info. , but wincleaner does not even take the time to respond w. activation code.Save your money and buy air !
 I would highly recommend searching for a different product before buying this one . I am glad I got mine used for five bucks or I would be even more disappointed . This product is NOT user friendly for the computer novice ... talk about confusing ! I read the directions SEVERAL times and still did n't feel confident that I was doing the right thing . The instructions are of little to no help . I guess if you are selling your computer and want to erase everything before you do , then maybe this is the product for you ... but , if you just do n't want a few old e-mails or pictures or whatever on your computer , buy something else . The processes on the disk also take forever and a day so if you have limited time , do n't try this program !
 This is a long review , but it is worth reading to save your money and your sanity.If you search by title in Amazon , you get 3 separate listings for the same software package ... perhaps one is an updated version . But I bought this in May 2007 and updated to the most current version online . The editing part is fine
 I purchased the software three days ago and I am still not able to burn a DVD because of an error message . The online robotic support is of no use andthere is no way to speak to a live person . I am very dissapointed .
 I got my first Roxio -LRB- I think it was called Adaptec then -RRB- software with my first computer CD burner about twenty-five years ago . I am a big music disc collector and like to make my own greatest hits cds for each artist based on all of their works . I have purchased about every version of Roxio software since then , and , like the works of computer god Bill Gates , each new version of anything in the realm of computer softwares sucks worse than its predecessor . I just tried to burn a music disc using Creator 9 , and the software said that the feature I wanted was on the disc -LRB- heaven forbid that Roxio gets ripped off on this crappy software by someone who is n't a legitimate buyer -RRB- . So , I put the disc back in , but then it had a problem connecting to Roxio . After several minutes of trying , I just gave up and removed the software suite entirely . So , the work I had already done selecting tracks and getting them into the machine was all for nothing . Like most other software companies , Roxio makes each product more and more complicated in the hopes of taking over our computers . Then , the software makes us stay connected so it can keep tabs on us , send useless updates , and maybe fish us into buying the next piece of crap . I 'm done with Roxio . All I want is a music burner for making greatest hits cds of my own choosing . I do n't need photo editing , video , ring tones , slide shows , or even a bottom wiper . If Roxio ever makes a really better product than this , one that is more intuitive and less intrusive , I might come back . For now , though , I 'm looking for a simpler-to-use alternative for the one little thing that I need to accomplish . My recommendation is to avoid anything after about Roxio 6 until the company can get its act together and come up with something substantially better than Roxio 6 . I said it before , and , after just using the Roxio9 again to try to burn a music disc , I 'll say it again . As far as music discs go , the earlier versions of Roxio are much better . Roxio9 offers a version of creator classic , but the idiots left out the ability to make a music disc with it . So , you ca n't make a music disc the way you used to before Roxio9 . The new music disc recording applications that Roxio9 does offer make it difficult or impossible to change things that used to be easily done with versions 6 and earlier . You ca n't make transitions between songs , change the gaps between songs , or fade between songs . I could n't even find a way to change the burn speed for the disc that I just created with Roxio9 . Hey Roxio , when you hire engineers for the next project , hire someone who uses this stuff instead of some computer geek who studied how to be flashy in tech school . Roxio9 is a big , over-packed mess.Oh , and I just stuck the disc into my stereo after spending about an hour naming the songs with title and artist , and all of the data is gone . If Roxio ca n't do any better than version 9 , I 've just bought my last Roxio software .
 Yes ... it is a very good product . It saves a lot of ink , especially on my Epson workforce where draft mode is too light.The problem with inksaver is that there is NO customer support.I am using windows XPI have been using inksaver for over one year when I had a problem with my laptop and I had to install a complete recovery and start from scratch . I did download Inksaver rather than had a CD.I had my original registration code for Inksaver but it was invalid when I tried to re-install . So now even thought I did pay for Iknsaver I can not re-install it . There is no telephone number for customer service and my emails are non-responsive after many tries . I tried their suggestions but they do not workI did have the same problem with Revo Uninstaller Pro when my registation code did not work . After one email to Revo Uninstaller they apologize for the problem and re-activated my registration code and I was back in business.I will not buy a program like Inksaver that does not have any Customer Service . Try customer service before you buy !!! do not buy Inksaver
 Had inksaver on pc before could n't delete it ca n't use this one on current pc have n't tried with different one . It seems obsolete , probably why it was so cheap .
 Downloading this through an offer in TurboTax , it looks great . I quickly entered some data , only to find out that the database was corrupted . I did get a response , after 15 minutes on the phone , to email them and received a new database -LRB- a password protected excel file -RRB- , which meant I had to retype the data.Then the program did a TERRIBLE job of transferring to TurboTax , created needless extra forms and not correctly transferring the data.Further , the program tells you you can enter expenses for Misc . Deductibles , but what they DO N'T tell you is that you can only print those out . In my case , it would n't even do that , and an email to the company got zero response.Huge waste of money , and they want to sell you next year 's version now.Pass it up .
 This version is so incomplete , it is a total waste of money .1 -RRB- Data entry is tedious . For periodic contributions -LRB- such as payroll deductions or church donations -RRB- there is no way to automatically enter them into the program .2 -RRB- When adding non-cash contributions , you are reminded for every single entry if you go over the limits that require you to retain records .3 -RRB- Adding details for non-cash contributions requires you to enter data that the IRS does not , and the date field in that box is badly designed .4 -RRB- The only useful part of the program , value tables for common donated items , is woefully small.Its ' competitor , `` It 's Deductible '' is a far better program.Don ' t waste your money .
 It 's only value is the calculation for FMV . I experiences all of the problems the other reviewer had plus more ! After entering information for one of my charities , I started getting error messages for each line item . My donations for that entity went from 400.00 to over 8000.00 . -LRB- It duplicated my information about 20X -RRB- . The items were not available to delete , but were on the report screen . Tech support had no clue , and told me to uninstall/reinstall -LRB- typical . -RRB- After doing this , the program reattached to the old file and the problem was still there . I could n't even delete the organization that was causing the problem -LRB- it always reappeared . -RRB- Instead , I had to begin a new file and re-enter ALL of the information for each organization.Yuck !!!! Stay away , even if you have a free coupon . It 's just not worth it .
 This is a clunky program with a design that feels like freeware . If you buy a companion program like TaxCut DeLuxe that let 's you get DeductionPro free after rebate , then it 's worth the 37 cents postage you pay to process the rebate . The program 's terrible , but the pre-programmed fair market values can save you time and money .
 As someone who wanted to punish Intuit for their unacceptable usage of Spyware -LRB- only on the Windows version , not mac -RRB- I purchased Taxcut Platinum for the Mac last week and tested it out . So it is with great disappointment that I inform prospective users that it is inferior in many ways to Turbotax , neither of which I had ever tried to use before.There are 4 reasons it should not be purchased by you : - it is buggy and doesnt have a stable `` feel '' , as the dropdowns sometimes shimmer and act strangely - there is a known bug that it will not print to HP laserjet printers . If you have an HP printer , there is no workaround . - a bug cropped up when after entering my data , it showed a significant refund . I then u/l the update , and the refund inexplicably became an amount owed . H&R ; could not explan this , and re-installing the app from scratch had no effect . I should add that when i ran Turbotax , it showed the same exact refund I originally received with Taxcut , so there must be some calculation bug involved , hardly a confidence-inspriring event . - it is not as straightforward an interview process -LRB- where the software guides you along thru the entry of items -RRB- After dealing with these problems , I bought Turbotax locally and i hate to say it , but it is vastly superior to Taxcut.As i said above , I would have preferred to support with my dollars the company more interested in helping you than placing something as despicable as spyware on your computer , but , for me , i can not recommend it at this time . If the above deficiencies are repaired , I will eagerly buy another copy of Taxcut next year .
 For me , one of the main advantages to using an electronic tax program is the ability to download my tax information directly from my financial institutions ' websites . Being able to directly import w-2s , 1099s , etc. saves an incredible amount of work and helps ensure accuracy . TaxCut is unable to perform this function . You are able to import financial information from other financial programs you may have already installed on your computer , but , barring this , you must enter all information by hand.I would not recommend TaxCut if you invest with a financial institution that allows you to download your tax forms , especially if you have a lot of transactions that need to be recorded on your taxes . TurboTax has a list of finanical institutions that allow electronic transfer of information.Do not be fooled by TaxCut 's packaging or website . Though there are implications that TaxCut does everything that TurboTax does , and that electronic transfer of tax information is possible , it is not . I spent a good bit of time searching around TaxCut 's help section , to no avail . Eventually I called customer support . I thought it was a pretty straight-forward question that I asked -LRB- `` Am I able to download directly into TaxCut the tax information from my financial institution 's website ? '' -RRB- . Initially , the customer service rep read verbatim the help page I had already reached . This page dealt with importing tax info from other programs on your computer . Eventually the customer service rep had to go get help , and finally explained to me that TaxCut does not , in fact , allow you to download tax info directly into the program.What a frustrating situation . TurboTax is reputedly installing spyware on people 's computers -LRB- though , apparently , not the Mac Version -RRB- , and , thus , is acting unethically and should not be supported . TaxCut , though , is simply not as useful or good a product for those of us who want to actually use this new-fangled ` internet ' thing . Anybody out there know of any third options ?
 First of all , even with the help of the tech support people I could not get the help system to install or function . My job is computer consulting and systems builds and it just did n't happen . On top of that I -LRB- on the recommendation of the TaxCut support team -RRB- had to put down that I had $ 1 in land ownership , even though I have none . The reason is that one field had to be greater than another , they could n't both be 0 . So I had to lie and say I had $ 1 in land so the software would submit my taxes.I was frustrated with TurboTax , but now it seems like the best software in the world , I will never , ever , try TaxCut again even if it is given to me for free .
 Well , today is April 13 , and this probably wo n't appear in time to help anyone , but I noticed that a couple of reviews below noted problems with the web-based help system , so here 's the cure
 I have been wasting my time with downloads that do n't download , updates that are n't updated and `` help desk '' representatives who are n't helpful for nearly 2 months now . In fact , I 'm writing this while on hold with tech support , which is NOT a toll-free number . They ca n't even walk me through an uninstall . This has been a nightmare . I 'm going to try to get my money back and do this the old fashioned way . So much for getting my taxes done early ... thanks to this worthless product , I 'm going to be cramming at the last minute .
 Taxcut failed to help me with my taxes . I expected three basic qualities from the program .1 . To work .2 . To import tax information .3 . To be helpful.Well , Taxcut did none of these things .1 . It would not install the update on my imac with system 10.2.4 . And without the install , you can not file .2 . I could not import information from my online financial institutions .3 . The help button linked me to a web-page whose only help was to tell me `` This WebHelp system has no topics . `` The only two uses of this program are for the forms , which you can also get of the IRS web site and to add or subtract.You 're better off buying a calculator .
 I 'll admit it , I have an old PowerMac 7600 with OS 9.1 . Spent 6 + hours doing my taxes . The download update feature was anightmare , the instructions did n't make sense at all and it took forever to download 17.1 MB . I do n't know if it had to do with IE 5.0 or what . Some of my downloads took 45 minutes and then I got an error . However , I did get it to work I see some other users had download issues as well . Once I got into entering my data it was n't so bad and I was able to print my return on an HP inkjet . Between this and TurboTax , pick your poison I guess . I did n't want to e-file , God forbid . I think next year , I 'll spend the extra 100 bucks and have a tax professional/accountant do them . At least I know it will be done right .
 When I registered , I declined to receive offers from H&R Block `` partners . '' However , they sold me out and I 'm now getting e-mails I do n't want . Just keep that in mind when you decide to register the product.Who knows what other information they `` passed on . ''
 I have used TurboTax for Mac since it was MacInTax , but I tried TaxCut this year because of Intuit 's spy-ware policy . This was a mistake!Here is what TaxCut ca n't do : - Only a single form can be viewed at a time . - It requires a convoluted process to view associated documents - not like the quick zoom feature on TurboTax . - The interface is not Mac-like and not intuitive ; it is like a windows program - The Help center does not work . Clicking on hyperlinked text to get answers to specific listed questions invariably yields the message `` No help topics available . '' - The only way to print a state form is through the interview . Using the cmd-P gets the print menu but even selecting all forms gets only the federal ones.Overall , this is poorly designed software .
 If you have n't yet bought your tax software this year , or if you 've never used tax software before , do NOT buy Taxcut for TY 2002 . It 'll slay the inexperienced , for sure . I bought it this year , having used MacIntax -LRB- Softview , then Chipsoft -RRB- / Turbotax -LRB- Intuit -RRB- since 1986 , for a reason common to some of the other reviewers
 For me , one of the main advantages to using an electronic tax program is the ability to download my tax information directly from my financial institutions ' websites . Being able to directly import w-2s , 1099s , etc. saves an incredible amount of work and helps ensure accuracy . TaxCut is unable to perform this function . You are able to import financial information from other financial programs you may have already installed on your computer , but , barring this , you must enter all information by hand.I would not recommend TaxCut if you invest with a financial institution that allows you to download your tax forms , especially if you have a lot of transactions that need to be recorded on your taxes . TurboTax has a list of finanical institutions that allow electronic transfer of information.Do not be fooled by TaxCut 's packaging or website . Though there are implications that TaxCut does everything that TurboTax does , and that electronic transfer of tax information is possible , it is not . I spent a good bit of time searching around TaxCut 's help section , to no avail . Eventually I called customer support . I thought it was a pretty straight-forward question that I asked -LRB- `` Am I able to download directly into TaxCut the tax information from my financial institution 's website ? '' -RRB- . Initially , the customer service rep read verbatim the help page I had already reached . This page dealt with importing tax info from other programs on your computer . Eventually the customer service rep had to go get help , and finally explained to me that TaxCut does not , in fact , allow you to download tax info directly into the program.What a frustrating situation . TurboTax is reputedly installing spyware on people 's computers -LRB- though , apparently , not the Mac Version -RRB- , and , thus , is acting unethically and should not be supported . TaxCut , though , is simply not as useful or good a product for those of us who want to actually use this new-fangled ` internet ' thing . Anybody out there know of any third options ?
 This program reported an error with my choice of charity , downloaded update -LRB- none available -RRB- , repeated error - download . I never was able to file my return .
 I bought Taxcut Platinum this year , because I had a large amount of stock transactions to import from Money 2002 , and I gathered that Taxcut would work best with Money.I have generally used Turbotax until this year and wish I had continued to do so . Taxcut would not even get my W2 's imported ! It claimed that my employer was not on their list . Well , Turbotax On The Web easily found both my W-2 's and imported them . How about them apples?Next , the stock transaction import from Money was OK . But it seemed to have got the dates wrong . SO now , I had to go through 890 transactions line by line to make sure the dates were right . And that Gainskeeper offer on the cover of Taxcut - well , you get access to Gainskeeper for 10 transactions , before you have to shell out some real dough . Talk about promising something without qualifying it . I wish the packaging had told me about the 10 transaction limit and I didnt have to find out after I opened the box.Anyway , no more taxcut for me from this year on . I 'll stick to Turbotax .
 I 've been a Mac user since 1989 and this is the single worst piece of software I 've ever purchased . It 's so bad I 'm going to spend 30 minutes of my life telling you why , so you do n't make the mistake of buying it .1 -RRB- After installing off the CD , I started it up . The very first thing it told me was to go download an update . This sounded great , I was psyched they were so on top of things , so I clicked on the link , went to their page and downloaded the update . After downloading the update I was a little bit leery , because the instructions on the page did n't match what was actually downloaded -LRB- there was no `` Update B '' option -RRB- , but I went ahead and followed the rest of the directions for updating . Restarted , etc , and discovered that now the program simply crashed on startup -LRB- `` Unknown Error Type 3 '' -RRB- . Happened every time , tried reinstalling off CD , redownloading update , same result . I finally decided to simply proceed with the version off the CD and hope the update was n't critical to my needs .2 -RRB- Starting afresh , I got to work . For while , things were pretty straightforward and OK . Then I got to the `` Capital Gains & Losses '' section , where I engaged the Capital Gains Assistant . The first question deals with `` Average Basis Method '' . Since I do n't know what that means , I figured I 'd click on the link that would presumably explain it to me . Program crashed instantly . Restarted , tried again , same result . Restarted , thought maybe that one link is bad , clicked on `` Help '' in the yellow sidebar . Program crashed . Restarted , clicked on `` Ask A Tax Advisor '' . Program crashed . Restarted , clicked on Search and was prompted for topic . However , -LRB- A -RRB- there 's apparently no entry for `` average basis method '' and -LRB- B -RRB- , no matter what else I enter , the second I click on `` Go There '' to see what it has to say ... program crashes ! So basically , the main reason I bought the software-it 's alleged ability to explain unfamiliar terms and procedures-absolutely does not work!At this point , I sent an email to their tech support outlining all of this . Got an automated reply saying I 'd get help within 48 hours . More on that farce later .3 -RRB- In the meantime , after lots of gnashing of teeth . I did some research on the IRS site , figured out what I needed to know and forged ahead . At the same time , I figured I 'd download the state add-on I needed -LRB- California -RRB- . Since they claimed the state stuff would be available for download by Jan 31 , I naively assumed that since it was Feb. 7 , that I would be able to do so . Ha ! No way , not until a few days after that was the Mac version available . Paid for it , downloaded it , and guess what ? The installer does n't work ! The download went fine , but when I try to run the installer I get the message
 I have a fairly simple tax needs . I am switching from TurboTax -LRB- which was out of stock -RRB- to TaxCut , which claims it can transfer your data from last year 's TurboTax forms . But this capability dose n't come in the box , it comes in the form of a 25 Megabyte download , and I do n't have DSL , so I gave up on that and entered everything over again . When I was ready to do my state taxes , I discovered that the California forms were not going to be available until February 28th ! None of the Federal Updates -LRB- strongly suggested -RRB- are available yet for Mac , probably not until late Feb ! I 'm doing my taxes with a pen and ink and returning this software .
 If you have n't yet bought your tax software this year , or if you 've never used tax software before , do NOT buy Taxcut for TY 2002 . It 'll slay the inexperienced , for sure . I bought it this year , having used MacIntax -LRB- Softview , then Chipsoft -RRB- / Turbotax -LRB- Intuit -RRB- since 1986 , for a reason common to some of the other reviewers
 I made the mistake of swapping from TurboTax.The Tax Cut software does not give me a warm comfortable feeling that it has done everything properly . The questionaire is obtuse , the search for help does not work with my browsers.The website for tax cut is useless . The Federal update wo n't download , neither will the State . Only 1 of two emails has been responded to by tech support . -LRB- I never had a problem before , been doing my taxes on my Mac since 1995 -RRB- Absolutely P ` O 'd at Tax time ... just what I needed .
 I 'm sorry to say this people , but TaxCut for Mac is awful to the point of being unusable . Do yourself a favor , forget it ! When I first got going , I thought TaxCut was going to be OK ... different from TurboTax - and in some ways simpler . But TaxCut turns out to be the buggiest software I have ever used , bar none ! I could sit here for an hour and discuss the long list of serious problems with it , including totally crazy calculations in the capital gains section . It even froze up twice on my normally crashless G3/500 w / OS 9.2.2 losing 5 hours of entries . The final glitch was that it wo n't even let me e-file the bogus return it cooked up because the software updater , which actually works OK -LRB- if you have high-speed to get the 15 MB updater -RRB- did not satisfy the final error checker . I have already wasted 4 days , totally aghast at how crappy this software is , and am going back to TurboTax which at least worked for me for the last 3 years . I have to ! TaxCut is totally unreliable and I would n't dare even try to file the wacky return it came up with . I do n't think Uncle Sam would appreciate it .
 I 'm a little disapointed with this product at the start . Note , I have n't started using the software , I 've just installed it and tried to update the software.There are two main issues :1 . -RRB- Update download - the update download was n't working as the ftp site reached it 's max user limit of 200 . With the sales of this product you would think they would have more than 200 allowed on at 1 time to the site .2 . -RRB- State Tax software - the State Tax software wo n't be ready until later Feb. . Now wonder why they give it to you free.Hopefully the actual use of the software will be better than the setup . As a long time Turbo tax customer I 'm starting to wonder about my choice for this years taxes .
 It would have been easier to prepare taxes by hand . The program created duplicate , triplicate and in some cases sextuplicate form entries.The results of using the `` delete form '' option are not visible until you close all the screens and reopen them . After that , the Review Last Year option is useless because the forms appear to be cross-linked . It was impossible to be certain that the program was correctly calculating our 1099 forms -- it came up with a wide variety of reported income figures . The amount of refund/tax owed fluctuated by 300 % . The final total , after going through an error-check process that is like something from a medieval torture chamber , was FIVE TIMES the amount of tax that we paid last year -- even though our income was roughly the same and our deductible expenses higher.The last thing I did before giving up was to re-examine the checklist -LRB- not an intuitive task by any means -RRB- only to find that TaxCut had duplicated one of the Schedule C forms THREE TIMES.Don ' t even get me started on the problems with downloading the update ...
 The Good
 The Advertisement says , `` Never enter sales data into QuickBooks Financial Software again ! '' After I bought it , I found out it does n't assign a sales representative to each sale when it transfers information to Quickbooks Pro 2002 . When you pay commissions , this is an important piece of information . It only sends a consolidated receipt for each type of transaction -LRB- cash , check or credit card -RRB- and does not include what was sold . It also does not make inventory updates to Quickbooks . I had been waiting for this program to come out for a couple of months , and unfortunately I will be sending it back . Hopefully they will make improvements on the data exchange on the next version .
 As a long time QuickBooks Pro user , I had high hopes for POS , but this product is a disaster . It is simply unuseable without tech support ... You ca n't even email a question to Intuit . The fields are not customizable . If you have any need beyond the simplest retailing , you 'll be stuck . No wholesaling , consignment , layaway , gift certificates . Lacks the most basic user friendly functions like drop-downs , macros -LRB- it takes 14 steps , including HTML coding , to attempt recalibrate printing price labels - NOT KIDDING - and you wo n't find those steps in the user manual . -RRB- Receipt and report layouts are barely customizable and lack basic information such as company name . Fonts can not be changed are so small our customers need magnifying glasses to read prices . Interface between inventory , purchase vouchers and sales receipts very clumsy and cumbersome . Make a mistake on a long receipt and you have to start all over . No editing or overrides , even for password protected business owners . Intuit is squandering its good reputation on POS .
 Having been in software development and set up many POS systems for people I can honestly say this is the poorest excuse for software I have ever seen . The features are non existent , The user interface is the worst . You have only a few ways to get inventory in this train wreck and they have very little to do with POS . There is no real cash register screen . It 's just a grid with a few buttons . I ca n't see how anyone would find this application useful , especially at the price they are selling it for . Stick with Microsoft Quicksell 2000 . Intuit , what are you thinking ?
 I have used many POS systems in the past and was attracted to POS Multi Store Pro primarily for its price . It is very limited in capability for a POS system , and the interaction with QB financial is a disaster , as it is constantly adding journal entries to your books that you need to be an accountant to decipher . I interviewed two bookkeepers to come in and make the continuous corrections now required to keep our books accurate , and neither one of them could figure it out . Our inventory seems to now have a mind of its own . It never seems to be right anymore . I think this may be do to problems with the store exchanges . The reports are very rigid in their format , and you are pretty much stuck with the ones provided . There is no ability to create your own reports . Tech support is a pain . You have to call them more frequently than any other system I have ever used . For us that is about once every 2-3 months . Most of the time we call they recognize that the problem is inherent to their software and they have provided support for free . The last time we called them it was when one of our remote store computers crashed . You have to call quickbooks to get the necessary codes to reinstall the software . They provided this support just fine , but then they charged us $ 79 to set up our store exchange because that was n't covered . If you are a small single store operation just looking to set up some bar codes it might be great . If you are larger , I would look for a real POS system with more flexibility in report generation , and more relieable store exchanges . Also , the software might look cheap now , but be prepared to upgrade every 2 to 3 years , because once they stop supporting the version you are using , it will soon become worthless to you because it will eventually stop working and Intuit 's most helpful solution will likely be to upgrade to the latest version .
 BEWARE !!! Their are no Highway exit numbers for most of their National Highways , State roads etc. . If you want Directions and maps to have exit numbers go for the Microsoft product - Streets & Trips , it is more user friendly and has exit numbers everywhere I looked !
 This software is junky . The I purchased a package that came with this software and a gps reciever for my pocket pc.On the laptop , the software is confusing at least cumbersome and annoying . Its nearly impossible to understand it.On the pocket pc , you can not auctually navigate to an address . I guess the software makers expect you to carry a laptop and a notebook at all times ?!?! The software also does not feature re-routing , for instance the thing generated a route that took me across a dirt road . I went around and instead of finding a new route the software said `` Your off route '' and then just stopped navigating . THAT IS A MAJOR DOWNFALL . Especially if your trying to navigate around a traffic jam , accident , construction , ect.Overall : This software does work but its a total P.I.A. to make function the directional capabilities are limited at best , thus the price tag thats 70 dollars cheaper than the next compeditor . Please do not waste your money on this product . Try searching iGuidance its another extemely capable compeditor .
 Over the years I purchased SA 2004 , 2006 and now 2007 . I should have stayed with SA 2004 as the same mapping information is apparently used in all of these versions . No new roads or updated mapping information for areas of NC -LRB- Charlotte -RRB- and coastal SC -LRB- Myrtle Beach and Charleston -RRB- for roads which have existed for many years -LRB- since 2002 -RRB- . If you have any previous releases do not bother with SA2007 . Otherwise you may be very disappointed as I was .
 Currently I have over 20 hours in to trying to understand and use this program . I have paid my computer support person over $ 125 . To date I have used the program and found that the route was there but not the map , the map and not the route . I ca n't find any voice for my Windows mobile device . You are never sure if you are on the right road . I 'm so frustrated with this program ! I really feel that I have tried to give it a fair chance .
 I am a field service rep with a laptop that moved to a new city a few years ago and needed to be able to find my way to accounts . At the time MS did n't offer speech with their Streets and Trips so Delorme was an easy choice.I bought Delorme 2005,2006 as well as MS Streets 2006 and just returned Delorme 2007 . I love the ease of use in Delorme products . . ie . right clicking on the map lets you add vias , stops , etc. . The display is great . I still use 2006 version as my main point to point mapping program , but that is only because I have eddited the maps for the areas I usually travel in and have learned to ignore the annoying `` off-route '' messages when their maps do n't line up with the real world . HOWEVER , there are many places that are n't even on the map ! Then I fire up MS Streets and Trips 2006 and they seem to ALWAYS be there.Delorme says each year they update maps for certain areas of the country , but so far , I have n't discovered which and they do n't publish them . Too bad they are too proud to use maps from more accurate sources instead of only their own . : -LRB-
 How much frustration can you stand ? Try St Atlas 2007 to find out . All I can get is straight line routes . My car ca n't fly or float but I get a route planned over water and where no car can ever go ! -LRB- no roads -RRB- . I have original version , 2004 version
 I tried the software both on my laptop and Ipaq with a GPS , and drove around my neighborhood . Frequently , GPS indicates that I was about a few hundred feet away from the road . For example , when I stopped at the intersection of 50 & Vanadum road , the map indicates I am still at least 400 feet away from the intersection . After I made the turn , GPS indicated that I was not on the road . A few minutes later , the screen frozen and no more updates . Map itself got lost completely . Fortunately , I just took it for test drive . A few times , I found I was quite far from the road on the map . I have no clue how people in Delorme made up the map . As a comparison , I tried another map from a friend with the same GPS receiver and the map is very accurate.Also , it is quite difficult to connect with non-earthmate GPS receiver . It only offers COM4 and COM6 to connect to GPS . You may need to reset GPS many times and hopefully , it happens to bind with one of those two ports.Owning this software is not just waste of your money , but it is also harmful . Stay away from it .
 I had been a satisfied user of Street Atlas v. 9 for several years , but when I needed to get a new computer last month I thought I would `` upgrade '' to the newest edition . To put it briefly , this software is a complete dissappointment , to the point that I may uninstall it and return to the prior edition.For starters , Delorme has chosen to completely avoid using a typical Windows interface . No file , edit , tools , etc buttons on the header . The interface that Delorme has chosen is clumbsy and foreign , with nothing intuitive about it.Secondly , the maps are pitiful . The house I live in now was built in 2000 , yet my street is n't listed on the map . Many of the other changes that have taken place in the Philadelphia area are also not current.Third , the software takes forever to load , and that is on a new , very fast computer.Fourth , Delorme seems to have overburdened the software with lots of features specific to use with a laptop and GPS . I have no idea if these features are worthwhile as that is not how I use the program . I use it on my home machine to map routes and find locales . The GPS functions seem to bloat the program and make it near impossible to use for these simple tasks.In closing , I would recommend you not waste your money on this version of Street Atlas . I 'll hope that Microsoft does a better job with it 's latest release of Streets and Trips . Or , I 'll just work with Google Earth for free.As an update to this review , I just purchased and installed Microsoft Streets & Trips 2007 . It is much easier to use and the maps are more up to date that Street Atlas . I 'll be uninstalling the Delorme product this evening .
 I broke down and bought this software after having owned the 2006 version , what a waste of money . It does not list roads that are 8 years old and has my neighborhood listed as outside the city limits , we were annexed in 1999 . These maps are not as up todate are mose online maps were 3 years ago . Oh well , I might try again in three or four years .
 I drive a tractor trailer for a living . What that means is , I RELY on accurate and easy to use software to get me where I am going up to 16 hours a day without wasting time finding a destination accurately and quickly - otherwise I end up sleeping in the truck . Delorme `` dropped the ball '' after version 9 by butchering its user interface . Now I use a Globalsat USB GPS device with MS Streets $ Trips which is a pretty poor quality application but beats Street Atlas hands down in terms of ease of use and price . I would pay double the price for the MS application rather than use Delorme 's product .
 Searching for my home address in Louisville KY resulted in SA2007 informing me that it could not recognize Louisville Kentucky , which is one of the 20 largest cities in the United States . SA2007 was unable to `` recognize '' Louisville Ky even though it had been given a valid address along with the city state and the correct ZIP code for the address!I located Louisville manually , then attempted to search for another local address . Although the proper map area was displayed on screen , when attempting to search for the address `` 502 W KENTUCKY ST '' it was necessary to provide SA2007 with the correct ZIP code before it was able to find the address -LRB- which was already in the middle of the screen -RRB- . Without being given the ZIP code , SA2007 could not find the requested address , but it did offer choices consisting of every single road segment in the state of Kentucky - apparently when told to look for 502 W Kentucky Street , the search engine did a text search for everything associated with the word `` Kentucky '' and with the number `` 502 '' -LRB- which happens to be one of Kentucky 's Area Codes -RRB- ! Then I started looking at the accuracy of the maps : The full -LRB- four way -RRB- intersection shown at N385 .933 ' W8553 .545 is really a T intersection and a dead end . The road shown as '' -LRB- 10350-10873 -RRB- Lower River Rd '' is really a dead end that does not connect to the other roads at this intersection.I do n't know what DeLorme 's off-shore data entry people think they were entering at N385 .578 ' W8552 .768 , but there is no such feature on the ground . However Greenbelt Highway actually does connect straight through to Gene Snyder Fwy -LRB- SR841 -RRB- in the vicinity of N385 .482 ' W8552 .220 ' where instead you show both roads ending at Dixie Hwy without a straight through road.Link Way at N383 .898 ' W8553 .587 ' does not , and has never connected to Galston Blvd -LRB- although it may some time in the future -RRB- . Link Way is and always has been a dead end.The zigzag section of Lower River Road from N383 .928 W8554 .470 ' to N383 .967 W8554 .533 ' to N384 .119 W8554 .464 ' to N384 .098 W8554 .325 ' was straightened over a decade ago!There is no such community as `` Bethany '' which you show at N385 .901 ' W8552 .328 ' The group of three `` local or rural '' roads shown immediately east of `` Bethany '' are in fact the Bethany Cemetery.SA2007 still shows SR1931 S 7th St -LRB- N3814 .089 ' W8545 .929 ' -RRB- running north into downtown Louisville . 7th Street was rebuilt several years ago and just north of Magnolia Ave the road veers to the west taking the traffic north into downtown Louisville on 9th Street . -LRB- This was one of the major errors which prompted me to return SA2006 last year . -RRB- If I know the maps of my own city are wrong how can I trust Street Atlas maps to help me get around in a place that I do n't know ??
 To install the product I had to go in an edit my regestry as it gave an erron on install . After getting it installed it then gave an error that the netlink settings could not be read , but I was still able to open the program . Everything seemed to work but if I clicked on the netlink tab it would say it could not connect which was expected , but when clicking on another tab after that caused the program to abend in erroe and shut down . So you do n't click the netlink tab . Checking out the streets I found many major highways in the NC that were updated and their location changed not updated in 2007 even though the the changes were almost two years old . Found many major revisions on highways missing . Really bad software . One star is the lowest rating I could give this , no stars is better
 Having been a previous owner of DeLorme Street Atlas 2006 , I decided to upgrade to 2007 . When I received the software -LRB- 3 CD 's -RRB- , I un-installed the 2006 version from my computer which uses Windows XP Professional . -LRB- tm -RRB- The installation seemed to go smoothly but when I inserted the third CD , the installation continued and the progress bar was almost complete but after approximately an hour , it was obvious that the installation would not complete so I had to `` Cancel '' the installation . There were no virus checkers or TSR programs running in the background so I was puzzled as to why the install would not complete . I called DeLorme 's technical support number -LRB- which is not `` toll free -RRB- and after a good twenty minute wait finally got a technician on line . We basically tried the installation again but with no success . The technician told me I would have to create a folder on my desktop , copy the three CD 's to this folder , then try the installation from the folder and if this did n't work , call them back and let them know any `` error messages '' that I encountered . I still have been unable to install the software and will not attempt to install it on my laptop where I can use it with myDeLorme GPS receiver . Unless you have unlimited time and patience , I would not recommend the purchase of DeLorme software .
 I live in an area where the roads have been established for over 20 years . These same roads are not accurately placed in SA2007 . With an upcoming major drive cross-country , I question the reliability of any information from this product . After continuing on the proper road , only to hear , `` off route-recalculating '' every five seconds , it gets very frustrating . I 'm going to have to cut my losses and look for a competitor 's product with more accuracy and reliability .
 Like other reviewers here I 've used Street Atlas for several years and even have one of the Earthmate units that is a lot of fun to use . However , when I bought this 2007 version I was really disappointed . For one thing for some reason it is more difficult to use . I was travelling to Pittsburgh and searched for the Doubletree Hotel a major hotel in center city and found nothing . An amazing outcome for a travel software that is supposed to be current.I worked with the thing for a long time to get it to find the hotel address - something that should be a no brainer so was very frustating . Oh and it did show me the McDonald 's and Burger King in town but NOT the major center city hotel.It also could not find my home address . I thought the GIS elements of this software would find every address ??? Again , I manipulated the thing to create my home address as a starting point with great difficulty.Then , the maps would not load to my GPS unit - a Garmin that has pretty open architecture.Finally , this version is for win 2000/XP only and would not load on an older laptop that I have with Win 98 . I 'm going to be investigating the Microsoft product and contacting Garmin to see what they recommend.A real disappointment as I previously found this software application to be very useful .
 I waited for this 2007 version that came out in Sept to map our road trip down the gulf coast of Florida all the way to Key West and back home via the Atlantic coast with a side trip to `` the Villages '' just south of Ocala . First , it has no information on any of the roads in `` the Villages '' , just a black dot denoting it 's location . That was my first disappointment . Once on our trip , using the maps from this new version , we left Cedar Key and looked for route/road numbers that were designated by the program and that I had printed . These however , were not correct and we drove in circles for an hour until forced to consult our Rand McNally Road Atlas . The next disappointment was getting from I75 to Tarpon Springs , Fl . Again , the route numbers and road names given by the program were incorrect . We are still on our trip as I type this and not very confident that the maps that I 've printed from Street Atlas 2007 will be correct . In short , we feel this program was a waste of money .
 Everytime I enter the name of a city this program tells me `` no match '' . I then go through the cities listed and find the one I want . I have had to do this with large and small cities . I will go back to using my Rand McNally 1997 Triper Maker as it works when I enter a town .
 I bought this product because I am a subscriber to National Geographic and have always been impressed with their magazine and maps . I was a little dissapointed with this product , in that it does not always find the towns and streets I am looking for , and the searching methods are a bit unuserfriendly . I also do not like the fact that it is CD-based , with no option to install everything on the hard drive . I do n't use it much because I do n't like searching for the CD everytime I want to map something . It 's easier to look up a map on the internet .
 Every time I do a soft boot all the settings in Pro Launcher disappear . I have sent RhinoCode several e-mails and have received no reply as how to fix this problem . Until this problem is fixed the software is not very useful .
 The only reason that I can possibly see for using GroupWise is for a network that uses Novell servers exclusively . This product is bloated , takes a while to load even on a 32-bit system and crashes a lot -LRB- especially when you try to get to the calendar -RRB- . It contains a messaging system -- a sort of message board that can be used adequately for an intranet , and of course , scheduler for appointments and meetings -LRB- which typically remind you of a meeting several days after it is over -RRB- . As for as a regular mail client to use for Internet mail links and general use , it is just too big and too slow . The server is more powerful than that of other mail servers usually , but it seems a slick marketing tactic to require you to use a Novell server as well to take full advantages of its capabilities . Eudora , Outlook Express , Pine , Elm are all free and work just as well with any server . Pretty , but really a colossal waste of money . A pain to maintain as well .
 on the box this program is described as a program with up to dat roads , and trails , upon loading this program i found that thee were no trails at all except for the appilachin trail , i thought it might just be in this area so i checked some of the other areas included with this program and there were no hiking trails to be found , this of course was the primary reason that i purchased this program , for use with hiking . i thought that i might need to used te satellite and aerial images to get the hiking trails so i downloaded the areas i needed , . and it doesnt have any trail maps included , however you can manually add the trails , but i was looking for accurate trail maps not something i could have drawn with a crayon ! this is a horrible program for anyone wishing to use it for hiking or finding trails of that type .
 The concept benind this product is sound - and would be quite useful -- if it worked.Which it does n't . Color rendering is poor , the program bombs about once per 30 minutes , the calalogue of furniture is limited , obvious features -LRB- cut/paste -RRB- are missing.Overall , I regret buying the product . Wish someone else had written a review before I did .
 I would love to give this product a positive review . However , I have not been able to use it . After calling tech support , it seems that Windows 98 2nd edition causes some type of conflict , and although you 'll be able to install the program , you will not be able to use the software . Broderbund says that you can return the software to them under their exchange policy , as there is currently no fix for the problem . But ... what a pain . If there had just been a note on the package , I never would have bought it until I knew it was compatible with my Operating System .
 I am soooo disappointed with this program.As a child I used to love to desing home interiors from catalogs.I was so excited to see that I could once again relive my child hood fantasies.Boy am I disappointed!The graphics are awful . The furniture , etc. in The Sims are more realistic than the furniture with this program.The program is not user friendly.I wish that I had saved my receipt from Walmart so that i could get my money back.I probably could take it back . . but the failures of this program are not Walmart 's fault ... but mine for being suchc a sucker.Don ' t waste your money !
 The number of choices in some categories is limited . The program crashes/freezes often . I have had a number of difficulites placing objects and walls where I want them . All in all , a very frustrating program to use .
 What good is all this work if you ca n't see it ! I feel like I 'm kneeling down and looking at the furniture straight on . I ca n't tell if a room will feel crowded . In 2-D mode the furniture is just unlabeled boxes . I keep moving a `` table '' and then figuring out it was a plant . You have to move furniture out of the way to drag something past it ! And , it will not let you put things near each other ! I ca n't put my sofa `` under the edge '' of my tree . It has to have it 's `` own space '' I guess . I was very disappointed with this product . I hope I can find the receipt so I can return it -LRB- worst part is , I paid more than Amazon.com is asking ! -RRB- . I 'm happier with my Total 3D Home Deluxe version 1.0 ! And that 's not saying much !
 Do not , I repeat , do not buy this program unless you love being frustrated at every turn . This program has screwed up my bookkeeping so badly - thanks to it 's trial versions '' that I am simply going to start over with Quicken . I now ca n't even access the program - the program I PURCHASED - and it will cost me a minimum of $ 40 -LRB- $ 4 per minute , $ 40 minimum -RRB- to talk to a tech support person . What a rip off . Bye-bye first edge , hello quicken .
 This product is probably OK for its target market , but could stand some improvements . I use it almost every day for bookkeeping purposes for both my small businesses -LRB- web design and book publishing -RRB- . HOWEVER , I was infuriated that there was NO tech support for this program . Instead I was told I had to PURCHASE tech support , and this would have cost me half as much again as I had paid for the program.MYOB should charge a higher price for the product , instead of deceiving people into buying something that definitely needs tech support -- at least for the first couple of weeks -- and then trying to force them to pay extra for support.I did n't pay for the support , and have made it thus far -LRB- about six months -RRB- . I am planning to upgrade to either QuickBooks or MYOB AccountEdge at the end of this year .
 I wish that I had paid more attention to the critical reviews above . Instead , I thought a Mac product had to be good . Unfortunately , though it advertises great things , one ca n't even save changed versions of the forms it provides . There is no call in number for initial free tech support . The email advice their tech support people sent me failed to solve the problem . I am sorely disappointed and ready to return the product to Amazon , which sold it to me .
 I purchased First edge last year right after I bought my new I Mac . Love my Mac hate this software program ! I agree with the other reviewers , no tech support whatsoever ! I had use Quickbboks on my old PC but never could figure this thing out so I returned it ! I wonder how much business MYOB has lost due to the no tech support rule . They could use a crash course in customer service . Will never purchase any products from this company again unless they change their policies!Marcus Allison
 FirstEdge is the most frustrating , counter-intuitive accounting software I have ever used . I started with BestBooks , then MYOB ... both were very user-friendly and more than adequate -- but FirstEdge went off the rails . Of course it can do anything you need IF you can find it . I am a graphic designer NOT an accountant . I need to get in and get out . For my needs , FirstEdge is the haystack and every simple task is the needle .
 I was disappointed in this software . Other Carmen Sandiego programs at least make an attempt to teach but this one simply bombards the child -LRB- aka `` player '' -RRB- with multiple choice questions . My daughter is eight and relatively bright , but we 're not very happy with this product .
 The maps themselves are very good . Very good detail and lots of points of interests are displayed . They 're easier to read than another programs I tried . But , the software that powers them needs alot of work . On your PC , you pick which section of the map you want to put on your PDA . If you want a routeable , detailed map of any area , you can only save areas of 6x6 miles . I wanted several hundred square miles of maps . I had to block in that whole section , one 6x6 square at a time . I drive a truck around Central Indiana . So , I have around 50 map blocks on my PDA . To put them on my flash card , I had to move them all one block at a time . Just moving the files would cause my Palm M125 to Lock up about 1 out of every 10 times a file was moved . Keep your paperclip ready . I finally have all the maps I need for a days work saved on flash . Now the program runs slow . And I mean SLOW !!! When you do a street name search , it scans the whole database for States that are included . Then Citys , then Zipcodes . I could have pulled out my paper map , looked it up , and have been halfway there before it was able to narrow down the search . You 're welcome to hit search as soon as you get the name typed in . But , then it will search the whole database for that street . And that will take twice as long . Go to all that trouble and sometimes you 'll get no match at all . That happened to me and I went to the map where I thought that street might be . And there it was . Molly Ln was right there on my screen . But , when I tried to search again . It still got no matches . Another thing I do n't like is that you ca n't search addresses . -LRB- 501 Main -RRB- only street names -LRB- Main -RRB- . You have to figure out for yourself where on Main 501 is . If you can find Main when you 're looking at the map . The Name does n't always appear . The street labels a attached to a single point if you scroll past that point , you do n't know which streets you are looking at . Tap on the street and it will tell you the name . That helps only slightly , when you 're looking at grid of streets , most with no name . To counteract this , I found that doing a route from a known place to the unknown steet is easier to follow . But , wait ! FATAL ALERT Any time any map is on the flash card , and I did a route . It would lock up . Once the card was removed and a map was in main memory , it routed just fine.If you keep your mapping area small and off the memory card the software is pretty good . If you are a power map user , look elsewhere .
 Xmap version 1.3 keeps causing ` Fatal Errors ' and ` Memory Chunk ' errors on my m125 running PalmOS 4.0.1 . Delorme states this may happen with routes but I 'm only using it to see their ` Sample ' map that came with the product . I loaded their downloadable fixed version 1.4 but it has the same result.I live in the Dallas , Texas area and would like a map of Dallas and Fort Worth . Unfortunately , the program locks up my computer every time I try to create a map of that area . I then followed the procedure Delorme recommends to prevent so called ` other background software ' from halting their product . Guess what ? That procedure made no difference . The program usually locks up at more than 50 % of creating the map . Once it got all the way to 84 % before it halted . At that time , the file was well over 9 MB !!! I 'm not sure I need THAT much data . I just want the streets . Rand McNally 's Streetfinder does this same area in about 2MB but it has MAJOR DEFECTS also and I definitely do n't recommend it -LRB- see my other review -RRB- . I have been using Mapopolis with some maps I downloaded a couple of years ago , but the price now is a little prohibitive since I need maps for spur of the moment travel somewhat infrequently and do n't always have time or access to the web to download them . I ca n't afford to download maps for all places I MIGHT go . Mapopolis works perfectly , even with memory cards , and I recommend it if you can afford the maps . I guess I will continue to use my laptop until something better comes along . I write software . It is a shame I do n't know more about map databases so I could develop my own program and tell these guys where to go .
 I have to agree with the previous reviews . The PC app is difficult to use , does not employ a standard UI , and makes bulk loading of map data to the PDA normal memory , much less extended memory , as tedious as you can get . I would throw the app out , and start from scratch . On the PDA side , there is no overview map that i could find . You could only access maps by name which is not WYSIWYG at all . It does scroll fast and the maps look great , however . I 'm suprised at the total lack of basic necessary features . Delorme could learn a great deal just by looking at Garmin 's Mapsource applications and their very well designed cartographic GPS units . Until they address the ability to quilt together map sections , provide bulk downloading , and many other features , i 'd wait on this one .
 I have used the regular PC Versions of Street Atlas for years and love it . This software for a PDA need to be pulled from the market by Delorm before it gives all their software a bad name . They are trying to load too much secondary travel info into the PDA and not what is really needed . Which is easy to use maps or areas that can be easly loaded and navigated . Something like their Street Atlas for PC 's Ver . 01 . Who needs the names of hotels , places of interest , and eating establishments on a PDA . All you want to do is find out where you are and where you are going .
 A convoluted , overly restrictive , confusing , useless mess . The search for a decent handheld map program continues .
 I liked the PC version , but the handheld version is expensive , hard to use and not that much value . When compared to MS Streets and Maps it is not even in the same league . The Bluetooth feature is problematic and the tech support is poor . In both versions there seems to be a bug that introduces a position error of about 200 feet . This seems to be problem for both the hand held and PC editions . If this keeps up I expect DeLorme to be out of business within 2 years . Too bad -- It has the potential to be world class .
 This is the worst mapping software I have ever used -LRB- and I have used most of those available -RRB- . There is a position error of 200-500 feet everywhere but on major thoroughfares and DeLorme Tech support -LRB- ??? -RRB- can only say it 's a problem with the map translations -LRB- ??? -RRB- . I notice there is no 2007 version ! I have found the same position errors in their laptop version . Microsoft Streets & Trips is dead-on in position everywhere ... DeLorme should be totally embarassed since their only products are in this field ! And they charge a lot more than Microsoft does ... pathetic !
 I have used the regular PC Versions of Street Atlas for years and love it . This software for a PDA need to be pulled from the market by Delorm before it gives all their software a bad name . They are trying to load too much secondary travel info into the PDA and not what is really needed . Which is easy to use maps or areas that can be easly loaded and navigated . Something like their Street Atlas for PC 's Ver . 01 . Who needs the names of hotels , places of interest , and eating establishments on a PDA . All you want to do is find out where you are and where you are going .
 The program has a hard time recognizing newer versions of Quicktime , saying you do n't have it on your computer . I have used the program before years ago and if you have a working copy it has a lot of good recipes and other organizational features on it for shopping lists and menu planning .
 Just a reminder for those that might not have caught in the description that this does not work with Windows XP.I hope they come out with an updated version .
 I ca n't use it on my computer , I did n't realize that when I bought it , but I have Windows 7 .
 Welcome to the new released version of Dogz 4 . I have been an old fan since Dogz 1 . Now , I feel foolish and stupid for buying Dogz 4 . Yes , I am aware that this review will be downsized but I am only informing pre-buyers of this waste of space.Right now , I will inform you on the developer , Mindscape/Mattel . Mattel has put Mindscape up for sale . How does this affect the game ? Lots . It prevents the development of any type of patches or needed materials to make this game better . I will use the new playscene editor as an example . About 20 minutes into the game , I receive a white box telling me that I should close or debug this program . I do have a degree in program development and I decided to take a look at the bugs in this program.I opened up my C++ editor and found many problems . Some occur with the toys or the playscenes . I , of course e-mailed the makers of this program and informed them of the spring-up of problems with their product and that I was not happy with it.The main point of the Petz program is to enchant younger children with the wonder of virtual dogz , catz , babyz , etc. . The newest version of this virtual petz game has been depressing . It was clearly aimed at the younger audiences as opposed to the older folk . The game comes with 11 breeds -LRB- in dogz 4 only -RRB- Bulldogs , Chihuahuas , Dalmatians , Mutts , Poodles , Scotties , Sheepdogs , Labradors , Great Danes , Pigs , and Dachshunds . The owner adopts a pet from one of the listed breeds and takes care of the `` animal '' by feeding , playing , and not neglecting it . When these dogz grow to an adult -LRB- after 5 launch days -RRB- they can bred with other adult dogz.That is the basic point of this program . It is equipped with a clothes closet , toy closet , kitchen , family room , backyard , beach , and adoption center . The travel scenes are the `` buzz '' of this product . They include , Arabia , Gypsy Circus , South Seas , Snow Scene , and Wild West . I must inform you that these playscenes take about 4 megabytes of memory . This entire program takes around 223 megabytes . That 's a lot for a game about virtual petz . I honestly thought it was a waste of time AND money and I hope nobody becomes foolish enough to waste his or her money on such a flop .
 This game was the first I got for the computer . It seemed cool on the box , and when I installed it it was fun ... for about 3 days . I had no problems installing it . The main upset was that I could n't just bring them on the desktop and surf the internet or do work in the word prcessor with the dog -LRB- s -RRB- . Plus , there were numerous bugs such as missing costumes and the fact that my dog refused to drink out of the water bowl . All he would do is carry it in his mouth and bark . Another thing , they say that when your female gets pregnant , which did happen , she would get fat and less hungry and lazy . Although my Bulldog napped and did n't eat as much she stayed as thin as ever . I also had problems with the puppy ageing . When I got it from the vet it aged fast , however when I breeded one , it took almost 5 months -LRB- human time -RRB- for it to go through its stages , not including pregnency . Untill these people come out with more and get the bugs worked out save your money .
 I purchased Dogs and Catz for my children to play with because 5 sounds to advanced for them . The problem is I can not get either to run on windows XP or 2000 , even though I have installed all the patches . I also can not get IBM Via phone to work . Catz and Dogz 2 still works fine on both versions though-go figure?Update I finaly got the games working , but not the Via phone . It took alot of searching to find it and it requires editing the registry . To get to it go to the petz website and click on technical support , then go to fequently asked questions . Do a search on Petz and then read the one that has `` While starting , the program the yellow progress bar located at the bottom of the screen freezes up . '' as the subject . Follow the instructions and most of your problems will go away .
 I bought Dogz 4 not too long ago and I got bored with it real fast . Mindscape aims the program to younger audiences . Who the heck wans to take their Dogz to Arabia or the West ? It 's a total waste of money and I ca n't bear to see someone pay 30 bucks on this ! It is definately not worth it@!
 This game can be fun . However if you are a person looking for a game that is close to reality this is not the right game . There is such a difference between having a real pet and this computer game . I do n't recomend this game because I do n't feel that it is worth the money . Maybe I feel this way because I have a really puppy that I love .
 It 's pretty exciting the first few MINUTES you get it , but after a quick few minutes it gets very boring . One major problem with video games it that they get boring . Be sure to get one that actaully has you wanting you to get back on and continue .
 dogz 4 is an overpriced , useless product , which should be taken off the store shelves . myself , i love the other programs -LRB- petz 3 in particular -RRB- , so when the new ones came out i was expecting more . much more . the graphics are messy , the voice recognition works like jack , you end up being stuck with all these things you do n't need , and they OBVIOUSLY did not spend enough time in it 's building . if there was such as thing as 1/2 a star , that would be my rating . if you really want a virtual petz program , wait for the rumored `` petz 2000 '' or just buy petz 3 . do n't waste your money on this crap . it 's not worth it AT ALL .
 On 3 different Macs initial backups failed with 10s of thousands of errors . Tried different drives . Networked or not networked . Returned 2 firewire drives thinking they were the problem . Not.If you buy this make sure you test it out thoroughly before your 30 days are up . After wasting days of my time trying to work these problems I called tech support , on the 41st day . For $ 70 they would have helped me . I declined.I used this software 10 or 12 years ago and loved it . Times have changed .
 I read a lot of good reviews on this product and I do n't know what these people were thinking . I bought this to supplement my learning and it was not helpful because this cd is actually an intro cd for various languages and not just Vietnamese . Saying that , there 's not much material on Vietnamese at all . I was very disappointed . This cd does not discuss gramar and has very limited vocabulary . I highly disapprove of this cd for anyone learning Vietnamese .
 I picked up this product after hearing great things about Rosetta Stone 's software . Apparently they meant Rosetta Stone Japanese Personal Edition . -LRB- ... -RRB- What to expect with this software is pictures , no explanations . This is fine and dandy if you have someone to clarify with . For example understanding that a dog is pronounce inu is one thing , but formulating the sentence of `` Who 's dog is that ? '' is another . That entire sentence is an idea , which is very difficult to get into a picture.The lesson plans are not made like any class I have ever had . They seem to be a random collection of words with now focus on anything specific . Some related words are together , like car and plane , but that 's as close as you get . One section seemed to revolve around `` families '' but it 's hard to say with the cluster organization.The only good thing about this software is that it supports Romania , kana and Kanji . The Romania support is there for people who do n't really want to learn Japanese ; they just want to speak it . The kana and kanji support is intended to fully saturate you in the language . This way you can learn pronunciation spelling though katakana/hiragana . Then once you know the pronunciation you can identify that sound with the Kanji for that object/thing/idea . All in all this software is for vocabulary only , and I think the developers are fully aware of it .
 After reading the other reviews , I was excited about using this program . However , I am quite dissapointed . Perhaps it may be a good program for kids . However , for this adult learner , I found it quite frustrating . It is both too difficult and too easy at the same time , oddly enough . There is n't enough `` meat '' to hook one into learning ... nothing is explained ; it 's all based on a concept of `` natural '' learning which may be fine if one wants to know how to say simple words in a new language . If you already know Japanese and need help recognizing speech , it may be handy .
 This may be a very good product , and -LRB- as a professional language teacher -RRB- I like what the editorial review has to say about their methodology ... HOWEVER , as a speaker of Japanese -LRB- I read these reviews while looking for some more advanced stuff -RRB- , I was a little bothered by the fact that the first example in the editorial review was ... well ... bad ... Japanese DOES use a system of counters ... but you do not generally say `` hitotsu ... futatsu '' for `` one person ... two people '' , you say `` hitori ... futari ... '' -LRB- `` ippiki ... nihiki ... '' for small animals is correct , and you can use it for children for a laugh -RRB- It 's not a major gaff ... and for a beginner , it 's great just to make youself understood , but it would be kind of like a non-native English speaker pointing at some one and saying `` It is my English teacher '' . The software may be great , but I 'd be a little bit wary of buying this , since what the editorial reviewer seems most confident and happy with is ... err ... wrong ... But that may be an error on the part of the reviewer too ... It 's very easy to overgenalize applications of rules and whatnot ... I 've otherwise heard good things about the Rosetta Stone stuff .
 I have n't bought this software , and I do n't think I will . In order to have a complete and historical view of the Holocaust you would have to include the other `` inmates '' besides Jews . These would include
 Since there is absolutely no English on this software at all , as I moved farther along in the lessons it got harder and harder to figure out what the korean word meant . Without consulting my son 's korean friend I think I would have been lost . Perhaps on the full CD you get a better feel , or perhaps I am just too `` eurocentric '' because I had no trouble learning French in a full emersion environment . I think an English translation guide would be helpful . I did like the quiz format however .
 The format of this program is that the learner selects right answer from four photos depicting the written sentences or what they hear . It places heavy focus on reading . Therefore it is not appropriate for beginners who do n't have prior training in Korean .
 I was not very impressed with this program at all . I am a Korean linguist and I was hoping this would help to expand my knowledge , however , it is way too simple for someone with any prior formal language training . On the other hand , I noticed that it does not even teach the alphabet , a vital key to learning any language . The only reason it got two stars was because if someone could obtain training on the Korena alphabet , then this could be an excellent tool for beginners .
 As someone who has a degree in a foriegn language and who has studied several languages , I can tell you for certain , this is not how to learn a foriegn language .
 A previous reviewer , Murray Jacobs , warned the reader that this is just a demo . He 's right , but I had to scan completely through Fairfield Language Technologies to find the real one , ... . Seems like false advertising to me . There are a lot cheaper courses available that are very good . Try Traupman 's `` Conversational Latin ... '' , both book and tape , or the `` Learn Latin Now ! '' CD . ...
 I was very disappointed to discover that contrary to the packaging and printed manuals , the software does NOT include Japanese . It includes 3 Chinese -LRB- Traditional , Simplified , Pin Yin -RRB- , German , English , Spanish , French , Italian , and Russian . I 've just now complained to FLT 's Sales & Marketing via their website , and hope to get a reply soon .
 This software has eight activities and that 's about the best I can say about it.A major problem for us is that activity introductions last a while and our son is bored before the little characters get set up or quit talking , especially if he has already done the activity before . Secondly , it 's not always easy for a baby to figure out what needs to be done . Get the mouse to the upper left corner ? Connect the dots ? A baby just wants to push buttons or move the mouse around.Finally , and I know this is my own personal bias , I think the animation is too primitive and the JumpStart Bear 's voice is saccharin-y to the point of being creepy -- similar to PBS 's Noddy but not so cute.We have several different baby software packages , and Reader Rabbit is far superior to the JumpStart product .
 There are many things that I like about this software , but our 17 month old has no patience with it . If I even click on the Teddy icon he starts screaming No , No , Wabbit , Wabbit . For him at least , that bear talks entirely too much . And it seems to take forever for anything to happen . Maybe if he had n't played with the Reader Rabbit Baby game first or maybe when he gets a little older it will be OK . But for now , it 's Wabbit Wabbit .
 JumpStart Baby Deluxe Edition was the first CD-ROM that I bought for my daughter when she was almost a year old . She found it fascinating the first handful of times that we played it together , but it seemed to get old pretty fast for her . She did learn basic cause-and-effect via keyboard banging , but she lost interest in the games quickly and some were actually quite confusing.As lapware , this was not a fun program to use . With lapware , the child sits on the parent 's lap while they both attend to the game . It 's a way for the parent AND child to interact together so that the computer does n't act as a babysitter per se . However , I found the graphics very stilted and unappealing . Teddy was much too talkative and the animals were downright scary-looking . The baby performing fingerplays and dancing in the song section was nightmarish . I do n't know what the JumpStart team was thinking when they released this version of JumpStart Baby .
 We got this for my son when he was about 1.5 and have tried it on him every month or so to see what he thinks . He is totally uninterested . There is much too much talking and too little time where he can do things . And the games provide him with very limited stuff he can do , and poor feedback for what he 's done . He much prefers Read Rabbit for Baby over this .
 I tired several times to get my grandbaby to play with the game but it never kept her interest for more than 3-4 minutes . She has other games that she plays and I have a hard time getting her off .
 Quite simply , the software would not install . Auto-run would run correctly , but clicking ` install ' from the Jumpstart welcome screen resulted in nothing happening . A complete waste of money , since I threw out the packaging some time ago .
 My 18 month old is very bored with the program . He loves Reader Rabbit Toddler and was used to the rich graphics and having lots of input into the activities.When we tried Jump Start Baby he liked some of the activities , and the cute bear , but was frustrated that he could n't choose the sequencing of events . For example , he liked the idea of putting clothes onto the bear , but he wanted to pick what to put on next and the program forced him to go in their order . This type of program flow frustrated him in all of the games.The graphics are disappointing as well .
 I first bought the reader rabbit series from the Learning Company , my 20 month old loved it . The activities are interactive and the music is very catchy.I recently purchased thejump start baby . My child was bored and disintersted . She kept asking me for `` Reader Rabbit '' . I noticed after installing the jump start baby software my computer started acting weird and malfunctioning . I should have been more aware , as I purchased a copy of jump start baby about six months prior and it crashed my windows 98 system to the point of no return.After uninstalling jsb and all its subcomponents it seems my system is back to normal reliability.And that is my review !
 I would strongly urge anyone to check this product out before buying it ... . This is one of the first we bought . It is very slow . Our bright enough baby was unable to establish any relationship between mouse movement and what happens on screen . The characters talk to the baby and tell her or him what to do . Babies do not get it . Our baby is now a toddler and this softwere is still useless . I suggest Reader Rabbit Baby , Reader Rabbit Toddler , or Sesame Street Baby and ME . Stay away from Sasame Street Toddler . It is very old , probably a Windows 3.1 progrem that needs a lot of updating .
 The program has 3 cd roms , it needs 4 to run . The program sucks .
 I travel frequently and would like to be able to navigate on my own and speak simple phrases in order to be courteous . I have found better material in phrase books for the German language . This is far too elementary . It is useful as far as hearing correct annunciation of words , but not otherwise . Knowing `` the horse jumped '' is not helpful when trying to purchase train tickets , find directions , or reading a menu .
 This product is so old the box was yellow . System compatibility on the box was win 3.1,98 and NT ... So I think that it is older than ME or 2000 -LRB- 8 to 10 years old -RRB- . It wouldnt install on my XP notebook . : - -LRB-
 Saw this item on Zulilly coupons and after seeing the reviews , I thought it would be fun . Checked to make sure I could use it on the Mac , and now I 'm very frustrated to discover that it 's not Mac compatible . When it arrived , the product date was July of 2008 . There are no specs anywhere on how big the jpegs should be . When I download the photos and reopen the album , I only got pieces of the photos . Assumed they were too big and through trial and error , I sized them down . Still , I was n't able to preview , and printing produced a blank page . The customer support number is just some guy 's phone . There 's no operator or company and even though I managed to get him by persistent calling -LRB- I 'm on a deadline -RRB- , he said he 'd have someone call me back and hung up without taking my name , my contact information , or asking what kind of trouble I was having . No one has called or responded to my email . When I called the website 's listing of retailers , out of the six listed in my state , three told me that they have n't carried the product for a long time because it did n't sell , and the other three retailers no longer exist . So I 'm frustrated with the product and also feel like I 've been ripped off . I wanted to give it zero stars , but Amazon would n't let me .
 Before buying this product make sure your printer is compatiable . I have a new HP photosmart and it does not work with this product . Five hours later I still do not have an album and have only one sheet left . I have used a full ink cartridge trying to get this right .
 I was so excited to get this kit to make albums for Christmas gifts but it does not work with HP printers - the paper jams & destroys the photo paper . The listing should tell you what printers are compatible when you purchase it . Check their website before you buy this to make sure it works with yours they list what works and what does not . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Information did not state that it only works on printers that feed straight through . If the paper has to bend to come back on the tray it jams . This information was given ONLY on installation and only said it did n't work on some printers . Mine was n't listed but still jammed for the reason above . Great product if you have the right printer .
 I want to give this product 5 stars for approach , and 1 star for scope and fair product representation . Please read the entire review.This is probably the best approach I 've encountered for language instruction . The organization of material is quite clever . After you learn a set of related words , these words are then used as reference points to help you learn the next set of words . The process is quite enjoyable and amazingly effective . You start with the most basic types of words ... boy/girl/man / woman , primary colors , shapes , types of clothing , etc. , expressed as simple phrases . You then work up to some full sentences.BUT ... Here 's the catch
 this program is very deceptive . it is only an introduction with two lessons broken down into 11 parts.the company wants you try it and then spend a small fortune on their full length spanish program .
 I like the program but it is way too basic ... If you already know some Spanish then most probably this program is n't for you . I downloaded a shareware program called buensoft ... and it has more advanced phrases to learn .
 This CD has basically 21 mini-lessons divided into two areas and is worth about one tenth of its charged price . I would not recommend buying it . If you would like to learn Spanish , and get much more for your money , you should look into a book tape purchase . I wish I could send this back . I will surely try .
 BUYER BEWARE!You can never get rid of this item . Even if you never used it , never registered it , you can not sell it.In my case I bought -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- it for a job I was looking at in India , never used the item , did n't take the job.Rosetta Stone refused to take it back or even trade it for a different language , and when I tried to sell it they had the listing pulled for ` copyright violation ' . After conversing with the company I learned that they buried a clause in their license agreement that the item could never be sold and they do n't take them back.So buyer beware , once Rosetta Stone has your money they have it forever and you are stuck with this item forever.A very expensive doorstop that 's not a very good doorstop .
 This course is for those with a basic knowledge of Spanish . It does not explain anything and translation is difficult . I wasted my money .
 This seems like a good program but it is just lacking some very crucial things which I think are necessary for language learning . The lack of verb tenses is extremely frustrating . Tying in with this is the complete lack of teaching grammar . See my problem with this is what 's the point of learning the language if you do n't learn the rules of it . Good product but fails in some important aspects to teach Spanish . For a good language learning software that also has grammar turtorials check out Spanish NOW by Transparent Language .
 If you want to know how to point at a blue car or see the ball near the child - this is your software . If you want something that teaches you the `` language '' including verbs and tense , stay away from this . It has nice pictures and you GUESS what the things are . It never tells you what it 's asking in English . Nor does it translate the pictures . I suggest you try something else . I am .
 I have been trying to learn Spanish for a few years now and can have a conversation but am not fluent . I tried Rosetta Stone while I was in the Army seeing that it was free while you are in the military . I have to say that the program is complete garbage for anyone who knows more than beginner 's Spanish.I did about 5 or 6 Rosetta Stone lessons before I realized that my Spanish is far too advanced for the program . I am fairly certain that I can answer all Rosetta Stone quizzes correctly but despite this I still am not fluent in the Spanish language.The selling point of the software is that you can learn a language like a child without grammar lessons . This is simply not possible . Even when I was a child learning how to speak English properly -LRB- English is my first language -RRB- , I was forced in American public schools to have a class in English from grades 1 to 12 . If not for this I am certain that my English today would be complete garbage . Similarly if you do n't sit down with a teacher or book on Spanish grammar , your Spanish is going to be garbage.My alternative recommendation to this program is Spanish Grammar -LRB- Hippocrene Language Studies -RRB- . You will learn most Spanish Grammar by knowing this book . However , the section on the subjunctive was a bit confusing , in my opinion . Do this and also take a pocket sized spanish dictionary and memorize common words . Keep it in your pocket .
 The Rosetta stone teaches you `` baby sentences '' like how to point at a blue car or see the ball near the child.It does not teaches you the language . There is no attempt at teaching you verbs and tense . It has nice pictures and you GUESS what the things are . Big , expensive disappointment . I suggest you try something else . I am .
 I only gave this product a 1 because 0 was not an option.This is not a real product . This is a demo . This CD only contains 2 out of 8 English lessons . The rest are part of the `` advanced '' product . -LRB- More money please -RRB- The learning time module consists of learning `` o'clock '' only . No `` quarter past three '' or `` three thirty '' . Just 3 o'clock . For other languages -LRB- Portuguese , Chinese etc. -RRB- it only contains the first Exercise in the first lesson . Just enough to learn to say boy , girl , cat , dog . I 'm not kidding.I do n't know how they get away with saying that this has been selected by the State Department . Certainly the State Department did n't select this demo . I find it hard to imagine that they would even select the full product from what I saw ...
 This software claims on the box `` Selected by the Peace Corps the U.S. State Department and NASA ! '' Which I find interesting since this is definitely NOT a program where you learn the language very quickly or all that effectively.My main gripe about Rosetta Stone Polish Explorer , is that it can cause more confusion than comprehention . In many cases the pictures are not clear on which item in the picture you are being given the word for . The only way to know which word you are being taught , is to first go through the lesson that is in English . But even this does not help completely , as the Polish lessons have 2 levels , while the English lesson only covers the first level . Personally , I got MUCH more benefit , and faster learning , through the `` Instant Immersion '' software program . So I would recommend buying that software instead of this one.ALSO , be aware that there are 29 different languages on EVERY Rosetta Stone Explorer CD , so the only real `` benefit '' of buying a specific one , is to get the second level of the program . The other 29 languages only cover the first level , and it 's all the same pictures regardless of the language chosen.That 's My Opinion , But You 're Welcome To It .
 This material you receive when you order this course is not the one that is advertised . You only receive an introductionary package , and instead of 8,000 real-life color pictures , as advertised here , you only receive lessons covering 900 real-life color pictures.You 're basically only getting 1/10 of what you think you will get ! The complete course however is a great tool to work with - and together with this introductions from Amazon - I received a special offer giving me a 50 % discount if I ordered the complete set -LRB- 8,000 real-life color pictures -RRB- from Rosetta Stone . This course however prised at $ 195.00 each -LRB- 2 parts -RRB- Be aware !
 The learner is under the complete control of the learning method . There is no easy way to learn what YOU want to learn . After umpteen lessons , I found that I still did not know how to say , `` How are you ? '' or `` I am fine , thank you . '' In fact the pronoun ` I ' is never taught at all . However , if you want to learn to say , `` The children are dancing in the street '' or `` He is jumping into the pool '' , and many other useless phrases , this is the program for you .
 This product is great if you want to learn a few phrases and words but it wo n't even come close to teaching you the language . It does n't provide any way in which to learn sentence structure or grammar . I have heard the bigger and more complete personal editions by Rosetta Stone are better than this but still fail to teach grammar . If you want a well rounded product , that also will teach you grammar , take a look at Transparent Language 's French NOW .
 I got this for my Spanish-speaking wife for her to learn English , and had based my purchase on previous Instant Immersion Spanish software for myself , of which I 've had favorable experiences.However , this software , perhaps because it is PC-based , rather than Mac like my previous Instant Immersion software , was horrible -- very poorly organized , random , incoherent lessons with a terrible interface . The user is on their own for most of the lessons ; they do n't explain words in context -LRB- i.e. , root word , verb , subject , etc. -RRB- I paid about $ 80 for this but would have been disappointed if it were $ 29 .
 this program shows you a picture of a boy , and all they give you is the word and how it 's spelled ; but they would give you a picture of boys , and how that 's spelled , but there is no alphabet at all , no tenses , no prounouns , the adjectives are terrible in their descriptions , it does include a voice recognition in it , but it is lower than the low grade . This program is only for children . It is a great vocabulary builder however . that 's why it only received 2 stars instead of 1 .
 When I tried to install it , I got the message that it was only usable on the obsolete Mac Classic platform . So I do n't really have a good idea of how it works .
 This software is very misleading . I purchased Rosetta because it was described as being easy and very effective . The box advertises that this program is used by NASA , well I hope they do n't use this version it only gives you 1/4 of the full program . The box makes you think your getting a complete program but your not . After you going through all the exercises just once to get a feel for it you find out you have to go online and buy the rest of the program . I 've also purchased Smart Start Italian , Quick Study Italian and Transparency 51 Languages and all are 95 % better then this program .
 I ordered this program sight unseen , because it seemed to have had lots of favorable comments . I was immensely disappointed with the program . The sound quality was very poor and the basic setup of the program would not lead me to become very fluent in Italian .
 I was disappointed with this software . Comparing several areas to the corresponding parts of USGS topographical maps , I found numerous errors .
 Amorphium was the first graphics engine I bought . Back then , before I sank deeper into the graphic arts , I thought it was the best thing I had ever aquired . Unfortunately , this proved to be false . After many days using Amorphium I decided to go out and buy another 3D modeling program . The name of it was Bryce 3D 4 . Bryce opened up whole new worlds to me
 It 's impressive list of features may not work on every machine . Although I was initially amazed at the 3D map of the world , the 2D travel routing never functioned on my machine despite repeated contact with tech support . I found their tech support personnel friendly and prompt to respond to email , but they were unable to help correct a problem with a DLL file that kept it from running on my system , even though my system is far superior to the minimum requirements . The DVD installed a version of MSJET35.DLL that the software refused to recognize.The road maps are fine for city to city travel , but lack the street level detail available in many competing products . Due to the DLL file problem the guided tour and local information features would not work.More detailed maps and travel instructions are available through web based travel routing sites .
 My son loves The Magic School Bus books and videos and is very interested in the human body , so we were very excited to stumble upon this product . Unfortunately , precious little information is actually given about the way the body works . It is mostly about navigating from one place to the other and even in that regard once you get out of the digestive tract , the travel patterns do n't really makes sense/provide information . Save your money !
 My fault for not noticing that the product only works on Mac OS9 and BELOW !!! So hardly useful for anyone whose bought a Mac in the last 2-3 years !
 I was very disappointed by this software . My daughter , at 5 on the young end of the age scale for this package , did virtually everything in it in just a few hours -LRB- three sessions -RRB- . We now add it to the pile CD-Rom `` run throughs ''
 I bought Music Maker after shopping Sony Acid and the Cakewalk product . It appeared that neither of the latter two allowed you to import actual performed music -LRB- not just loops or midi files -RRB- and work with them , so I went with Music Maker . Big Mistake . This is the most complicated , non-intuitive piece of software I have ever seen . It is an English remake of an original German product , which might explain why it is so complex . Further it is in its twelfth revision , and over the years , its core audience has gotten so used to using it that the programmers have left out all the `` small steps '' that a newbie needs to be able to figure it out.There is no manual , and no `` Dummies-type guide '' for this stuff . Unless you are an accomplished musician , or audio engineer , do n't even go near this one . That said , I 'm sure that it is a very powerful program for what it does .
 I 've `` had '' Music Maker 12 for two weeks now , but have yet to start it . The problem ? -- poorly designed security features that keep me from being able to even read the CD for the install program . I followed Magix ' 1st solution -LRB- it did n't work -RRB- , sent an email to tech support in Germany , which provided a manual fix that still did n't work , and here I am stuck again.My recommendation :1 . If you buy it , keep your receipt .2 . If it installs clean , good for you .3 . If it does n't install cleanly , send it back .
 I bought this product months ago and I will spend a hour here and there trying to figure it out . It is extremly complicated .
 It would n't load into my XP computer because of an unmentioned sound card/chip incompatabilty . When I got a new vista model that part was fine , but then it stopped dead after loading 98 % off the loading disc , no reason given . Magix will not answer my questions about how to even get it on the computer .
 I returned this product after paying for it myself and was notified on the 28th of Decemeber that I was being refunded within 5 - 10 business days and still have not received my refund . I amy not ever deal with Amazon again and I will inform all of my contacts as well .
 I 've worked with both video and music editing software , and this program is by far the most confusing and unintuitive I 've ever used . It does not come with paper directions -LRB- just a pdf file -RRB- so finding help is difficult . I 'm sure its great software for those that have a year or two to figure it out , but I will keep looking for better designed software .
 This product froze even after uninstalling and reinstalling twice . The tech help could not be reached by phone or email . The manual is sparse , as are the official website . NOT RECOMENDED !
 I have tried countless internet security products and this one was a dud . As the product is old and outdated it is no longer supported . It does not work with a lot of today 's browsers . In fact , most websites would result in an error message . I tested it out on many other browsers and got the same result . I also noticed that the computer crashed a lot after I installed this product . I am using a computer with 4 gigs of memory so it had more than ample resource capability . I uninstalled the product and the problems went away . This product went to the trash .
 I would give this 0 stars if it was an option . I feel like I got ripped off . This is not the program to get if you want to do digital scrapbooking.All they have is cheesy clip art with very few scrapbooking embellishments.There are no brads or buttons or ribbons . They do have mats and frames but that 's about it . I would not recomend this program to anyone . I 'm very disapointed in it . I thought that if I purchased Creating Keepsakes that it would be perfect for digiatl scrapbooking because they make the '' # 1 scrapbooking magazine '' so I thought they would have what scrapbookers wanted . Do not purchase this product .
 I am an avid digital scrapbooker . I have used almost every software out there and not once have I felt so frustrated with a piece of software . The first problem is that for every page you make you have to insert either ART CD 1 or ART CD 2 . This is a big hassle . Second , if the template you want to customize has clipart from both CD 's then you are out of luck . It has you go back and forth putting in CD 1 then CD 2 then back to CD 1 . Please save your money and puchase Scrapbook Factory , which in my opinion is the best scrapbooking software out there .
 I bought Creating Keepsakes Scrapbook designer several years ago . The version I bought back then was titled ` Scrapbook Designer Deluxe ' . It 's been a great program , though sometimes slow and lately has been crashing an awful lot . So I thought I 'd upgrade and buy the newest version . I checked online and saw that this ` new ' verson was in completely new packaging and was called ` Scrapbook Designer Platinum version 3 ' . So , I assumed , as anyone would that this was a new version . I just got it in the mail and it is exactly the same bulky program ... the only thing they have added , is a few more images and sounds -LRB- and the new images are n't even that cute -RRB- . But the program itself is exactly the same . It has not been redesigned -- just repackaged . I am very disappointed .
 I found the documentation was inadequate and the product description was lacking . I still have not been able to get this product to work after a month .
 A few months ago , I was searching for a product to convert my VHS tapes to DVD format , as I am moving in the coming months and wanted to `` downsize '' a bit . The first product I chose was this one , and I was severely disappointed for a couple of reasons : First , any product of this nature involves a bit of an investment . One must buy DVD 's and cases , as well as an audio/video cord -LRB- and probably an extra long one , if you do n't have an extra VCR laying around , as it needs to be pretty near your computer -RRB- . Now , that investment would n't be so bad if the finished product was satisfactory , but sadly that probably will not be the case . From my own experience -LRB- with a new Gateway computer -RRB- , I found that the newly-created DVD turned out to be less quality than the original tape unless taped on the highest quality mode , with which you only get one hour of dub time -LRB- or , essentially useless -RRB- . Basically , the very best one can expect from this product is a reproduction of the original VHS tape.I did , however , give this product two stars based on the fact that , with a large hard drive and top-of-the-line video capture card , it may work quite well -LRB- and thus would be much less expensive than a VCR/DVD recorder combo unit -RRB- . Yet , if I have a new computer and was n't satisfied with the results , it would take a mammoth effort -LRB- too much for the hassle -RRB- to make this product acceptable.Thus , if you have a super-powered computer geared for playing videos , this product may be a fit for you . If not , though , I would suggest buying a combo unit -LRB- or at least waiting until they come down in price ! -RRB-
 We bought this product , and had a problem , hearing crackeling when we started to record audio . We called the customer service line . They were of very little help . Tried several different things , new chords etc. . Nothing worked . It was beyond the time for a refund . We sent the little box back for them to test . They sent it back , without a word in the return , and it does the same as it did before . Save your money , do not buy any products from this company . They do not stand behind their products .
 Instructions are not detailed much ! I thought I would get everything I would need in the box to transfer my VHS to DVD , I ended up having to buy other needed items , still could n't understand how to set up the VCR , computer and the connections . Then I bought another program which gave detailed info and sucess with 2nd product!I wish there were a way to contact the seller and ask questions about a product before a purchase !
 DIFFICULT TO INSTALL AND WORK . ADVERTISING MAKES IT SEEM AS THOUGH THIS PRODUCT MAKES CONVERSION FROM VHS TO DVD SIMPLE . FAR FROM IT . SAVE YOURSELF THE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE !
 Product installed after 3 tries , then found it will not work with Capture Device -LRB- Instant DVD - ADS -RRB- , tech suppord called & said it would only work with their Capture Device - Poor Product
 This product is more like a demo version of another product the company is trying to get you to buy . In order to complete this product you must buy more software online .
 I expected a much more higher quality and interactiveness from a company as reputable as Microsoft . I found the writing to be bland and stale and somewhat difficult to stay focused . The presentations were done by people who have no emotion in their voice , and it is very hard to pay attention . They just seem to drone on and on . They could have also used a better example -LRB- they use the airport architecture which is also used in another design books -RRB- . This was a major dissapointment . I would recommend the user rather find a book . It would be much easier to learn from then this mess .
 So , I purchased printshop for MAC because the previous purchases of printshopfor PC and MAC do not work on my Mac . SO I PAID for express shipping andI put in the disc and get ... `` this is a BLANK DISC '' . Oh and your `` Technical Support '' information on the jewel case label . Yea this is great . `` choose THE PRINT SHOP TECHNICAL SUPPORT from the HELP menu.I ca n't get to the HELP MENU . O.K. . So go to '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' and followlinks to SUPPORT The support link tells you the same thing , `` Use the help menu '' . Hurdles for Customers = BAD return sales.This Mackiev.com site . I click on Printshop I get updates . No one has to click the button which says ; `` Mountain Lion is here and we are ready '' How does that tell me thisis our technical help site.Then I have to fill out this Mackiev page which saysYou 're all set ! No update needed.Technical support : If you are having a technical problem , please submit a request here and we 'll get back to you quickly ! 2012 The Software MacKiev CompanyCLICK the `` here '' and enter that same data all over again . Confidence continues to wain . Finally I get to ... wait for it ... OH YOU GOT A BLANK DISC !!!!!! YES ! THANKS FOR BEING SO FORTHCOMINGWITH YOUR BRODERBUND INFORMATION . You know I bought Adobe photoshopand THEY have online CHAT which was extremely satisfactory . Mackiev 's form with all the ; find the URL for Amazon.com , find your CD-ROM drive info , etc. . Plus my SIX hours dealing with your company and nothing is installed . BOO ! So 20 words about the product . I have had much difficulty concerning Broderbund Printshop . I can not install it and their tech support site is difficult to navigate . I do not recommend this product .
 I recently switched from PC to Mac . I loved all of the versions of Print Shop for PC , but the MAC version has hardly any clip-art images to choose from . I 'm not sure why Borderbound has n't released a newer version of this software for MAC .
 Never got it up and running . Apparently does n't work with my new MacPro and I know it can not be returned once opened .
 I have used Print Shop for Dos for years and like it very well . Imagine my dismay when the Mac version was SOOOOOO unfriendly . I had to do 26 pages -LRB- still have n't figured out how to compile a calendar from them -RRB- . The original version was easy and made a complete calendar of 12 months , pix pages and a cover . I am VERY disappointed in the product and hope they fix it before next year .
 I had a ten year old version of Windows Printshop I used all the time that was much better that this version . What did they do to it ? The program itself is pretty good but where is the content ? Under ready designed cards only Anniversary , Birthday , Best Wishes , Congratulations , Announcements . WHAT ABOUT CHRISTMAS , VALENTINES DAY , GRADUATION , EASTER , NEW BABY , ETC. . Also very poor assortment of graphics the box says 19,500 images REALLY , the old windows version says 280,000 and it has cards for every occasion you could think of and it 's 10 years old ! -LRB- I downloaded all updates -RRB- Come on Printshop get us some more content !!!! =========== Updates -LRB- free downloadable -RRB- have added many features and more pictures and ready designed categories mush improved I would give it *** 1/2 now with the updates but still not close to the old windows version .
 This application installed on my Intel Mac , but would not open ... even after installing the current update . I 've used Print Shop for Mac on an older G5 Mac , but it 's worthless on the newer Intel machines .
 I have used Print Shop for many years on my Windows operating systems so I know the program pretty well and really like it . As soon as a new version came out , I bought it . So when I got my iMac of course I had to have Print Shop on it also . I was disappointed to find out that Broderbund did not have a version for the Mac . But another company did , so I was happy and purchased it . Needless to say I was very disappointed with the Mac compatible version . I do n't even know why they would call it Print Shop . It is almost a completely different program . The great thing about this program that the Window Program does n't have , is that you can open two pages at the same time and transfer images from page to another . It is also really slow . I really wish I could get the Windows version for my Mac .
 It is not as user friendly as Printshop for Windows . I have used my pc for years with outstanding results . I can not use the Mac version with the same results .
 Wow ! I 'm really disappointed with this program . I worked with various versions of Print Shop when I had a PC and was excited to buy the same product for my Mac , but I am VERY unhappy with my purchase . I bought this program because I needed clip art and was tired of searching around on the Internet for pictures -- but this program SUCKS in the clip art department . The photographs are all VERY dated , and look like they were taken in 1990 -- I 'm talking big overly teased hair , high wasted tapered jeans with baggy sweaters and ridiculously large glasses . For an $ 80 dollar purchase , the quality of the photos are completely UNACCEPTABLE ! Even the pictures not involving people look dated . If you want this product simply for layouts and labels -LRB- iWork does not have label making capabilities -RRB- then sure buy this , but I would honestly just say go buy Microsoft Office for Mac with Publisher -- you 'll be happier with the fact that you can download thousands of clip art and images from their site for free.Take home message
 I purchased this software to replace PrintMaster after having moved from PC to Mac to make school flyers and kids bday cards . I can do this on just about any program but what I most wanted was a nice , big , clip art collection . The clip art is just plain sad .
 I was disappointed to find this program does NOT have many of the features the Windows versions have . Unfortunately , you do n't find this out until after you 've ordered and paid for the program .
 This is not even in the same league with previous versions of the PrintShop . The clip art is substandard & the text and photo tools are less effective that Paint in Microsoft . How this got called a `` professional '' upgrade is beyond me . I am highly disapointed with Broderbund for this trash under the respected name of PrintShop . The time may have come to look elsewhere -LRB- for Windows 7 users -RRB- for desktop publishing programs.DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I bought this not really knowing what it is . My mistake . I was looking for a way to help me formulate my creations for TeachersPayTeachers . I 'm not a whiz on Microsoft Word and creating things . This is too old for today 's world . It worked but there was nothing useful for me . Yes , I knew it was geared toward kids , but I was OK with that . I thought it might have some cool formats or something . No such luck . Guess I 'll have to take a class or something .
 This program does not begin to compare with MS creative writer 1 . That one -LRB- which is not available any more -RRB- had lots more things to do in it . You could make many shapes with the words , add sounds and pictures to your pages . It was easy to navigate . This one -LRB- Creative Writer 2 -RRB- has only about 10 % of the abilities of the first one . The directions are not easy to follow and the defaults can not be erased .
 While true , this plugin will enhance just about any picture , if your final output is print , there is too much degradation . However , if your final output is the web , this is a great product . I recomand scaling down the image after enhancement .
 My 4 year old son has been playing computer games for about 6 months and does really well at navigating the mouse and listening for instructions . I sit with him until I know he knows how to play . I ca n't leave him with this one . You have to search to find where you want to go and the information I think it gives on the dinosaurs is either below or above his level . He knows alot about dinosaurs and this does n't expand on anything . I think maybe if it were a little more realistic ... and the game gets stuck and acts slowly .
 This CD is from 1994 . It does NOT work with Windows 2000 or XP -LRB- or Vista , I 'm sure -RRB- . So I have n't been able to really use it , though it did install . Then it wants 256 colors on the desktop , and gives some CD-audio errors , and acts pretty weird .
 Do n't be deceived . This is not a full-fledged Magic School Bus CD , but is just an activity center . The Magic School Bus CDs fall into two categories
 My son enjoys the Magic School Bus series , but he lost interest in this game pretty quickly . He really enjoys games with missions/adventures and this disc does not have one , it is very open-ended , just click around and play mini-games . It is educational , but without a mission , my son just loses interest pretty fast . I am glad I paid like $ 2 for this from the library bookstore .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product along with a new Garmin Etrex Vista a week before a UK trip . Garmin does not sell it any more . It 's a WINDOWS 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 product . Not even NT 4.1 , not less Windows 2000 or XP . The packaging mentions only GPSes that Garmin used to sell , none that they currently sell . It 's a 1999 product , based on 1995 map data . ALL of the products with a European country name in them -LRB- France , Great Britain , etc -RRB- are OUTDATED ! DO NOT BUY ! See the Garmin site.Garmin will charge you ... plus shipping to upgrade to the current product , which Amazon does n't even appear to sell . Even this offer expires on August 31 , then you are completely stuck.In short , I trusted Amazon to know their stuff , and they cheated me . I guess they laid off their GPS guru . Very surprised and disappointed .
 Garmin do not make this any more . All the European maps have been combimed into a single CD package .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product along with a new Garmin Etrex Vista a week before a UK trip . Garmin does not sell it any more . It 's a WINDOWS 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 product . Not even NT 4.1 , not less Windows 2000 or XP . The packaging mentions only GPSes that Garmin used to sell , none that they currently sell . It 's a 1999 product , based on 1995 map data . ALL of the products with a European country name in them -LRB- France , Great Britain , etc -RRB- are OUTDATED ! DO NOT BUY ! See the Garmin site.Garmin will charge you ... plus shipping to upgrade to the current product , which Amazon does n't even appear to sell . Even this offer expires on August 31 , then you are completely stuck.In short , I trusted Amazon to know their stuff , and they cheated me . I guess they laid off their GPS guru . Very surprised and disappointed .
 Garmin do not make this any more . All the European maps have been combimed into a single CD package .
 We purchased this software in the hope that it would provide help in selling our home . The advice and legal forms provided for this were very minimal . For example , the software was missing the most basic , essential form - the purchase agreement .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product along with a new Garmin Etrex Vista a week before a UK trip . Garmin does not sell it any more . It 's a WINDOWS 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 product . Not even NT 4.1 , not less Windows 2000 or XP . The packaging mentions only GPSes that Garmin used to sell , none that they currently sell . It 's a 1999 product , based on 1995 map data . ALL of the products with a European country name in them -LRB- France , Great Britain , etc -RRB- are OUTDATED ! DO NOT BUY ! See the Garmin site.Garmin will charge you ... plus shipping to upgrade to the current product , which Amazon does n't even appear to sell . Even this offer expires on August 31 , then you are completely stuck.In short , I trusted Amazon to know their stuff , and they cheated me . I guess they laid off their GPS guru . Very surprised and disappointed .
 Garmin do not make this any more . All the European maps have been combimed into a single CD package .
 Could never get it to work on my PC correctly . The image is always messed up .
 We bought this product in November of 2000 hoping that it would be useful in our mixed Win9x/MacOS network , common in the publishing industry . After using it for a week , our Macintosh users were complaining that their files were `` disappearing '' from the network . We described the problem to Executive Software as follows : We 're having an unusual problem on our NT 4.0 Server running Services for Macintosh and Undelete 2.0 . An example of the problem is described as follows : One of our Macintosh users has a subdirectory on the NT Server . Within this sudirectory , he has files that are periodically replaced by newer files of the same name . When attempting to overwrite the file , he is asked to confirm the file replacement . Answering affirmatively , the file is appropriately replaced . HOWEVER , within a minute , the updated file disappears.Executive Software replied to the problem by acknowledging that there were known issues with Macintosh files and Undelete . Their solution was to exclude Macintosh volumes from Undelete operations . They also indicated that they hoped to have the problem resolved in a future build of the software although there was no ETA on such a build.In our network , which is 40 % Macintosh , Undelete is more of a problem than a resolution . It is quite a chore to maintain customized exclusions in Undelete on an ongoing basis , particularly when new Mac users join the company and you need to provide them with home directories , etc. . .
 ALTHOUGH THE WEBSITE AND THE FRONT OF THE CD SAYS `` MAC COMPATIBLE '' THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT , THE FINE PRINT ON THE BACK OF THE CD SAYS '' MAC OS-7 OR OLDER '' . DOES ANYONE STILL HAVE A MAC RUNNING OS-7 ? EMAILED BOTH AMAZON AND THE VENDOR THAT SHIPPED IT , TO TRY AND GET A REFUND , TO NO AVAIL . THEY MUST HAVE FOUND A BATCH OF THESE HIDING IN AN OLD WAREHOUSE ...
 Enough said . It used to be fun on Win98 .
 This would not install on my XP computer regardless of what I tried . It may work on an easlier version of Windows .
 Have played Boggle Supreme online and this game is far , far inferior . Unbelievably the developers have managed to make the game boring , tedious , and almost pointless . The graphics are generally grainy and make the intro and exit look like a prototype . Intro to the game is long and shutting it down is v-e-r-y l-o-n-g and tedious because for some reason they want to give credits to ALL the people who had a hand in developing this very poorly developed version of a terrific game .
 This provider sent the software on 31/2 floppy disc . Computers have not had 31/2 floppy drives for 10 years . What a rip-off !
 Over the years I purchased SA 2004 , 2006 and now 2007 . I should have stayed with SA 2004 as the same mapping information is apparently used in all of these versions . No new roads or updated mapping information for areas of NC -LRB- Charlotte -RRB- and coastal SC -LRB- Myrtle Beach and Charleston -RRB- for roads which have existed for many years -LRB- since 2002 -RRB- . If you have any previous releases do not bother with SA2007 . Otherwise you may be very disappointed as I was .
 I bought this primarily for the included Pocket PC version to use with a Bluetooth GPS with my Cingular 8125 phone . Man , what a disappointment.As others have mentioned , the interface on the PC version is completely unintuitive . Making a mistake is easy , and fixing it is difficult.The handheld version included in the package is almost useless . It is slow , cumbersome , inaccurate , and inefficient.If you 're looking for software to make your PocketPC device act like a dedicated GPS device , I suggest looking at the TomTom software or iNav 's iGuidance -LRB- which also includes versions for PC and UMPC -RRB- . If you 're looking for software on the PC , at a comparable price , I 've found Microsoft Streets and Trips 2007 to be far superior than Delorme 's product . The interface is much more intuitive , less cluttered , and more informative than Delorme 's . You 'll save yourself a lot of time and frustration by avoiding this piece of software .
 The Street Atlas USA 2007 -LRB- SA2007 -RRB- user interface is proprietary to DeLorme and not intuitive to Windows users . I also have Street Atlas 7 -LRB- SA7 -RRB- and , even though it is also proprietary , I find it easier to use.The streets in SA2007 are from the same old database used in Garmin 's 1999 Road & Rec MapSource CD . In some areas , including Lake Tahoe , streets are significantly inaccurate . This was discovered by uploading GPS tracks to a PC and observing how well they matched roads on various maps . On newer maps excluding SA2007 the match was near perfect . On SA2007 and Garmin Roads & Rec the error was up to 350 ft.I have several DeLorme products and must say I am disappointed with SA2007 . I have uninstalled it from my PC and gone back to SA7 .
 The streets in many areas I have reviewed have not been updated in many years -LRB- 5 in my hometown -RRB- , so the 2007 version is no more helpful than my older versions . Save your money if you expected the latest in data !!!
 Five attempts at install on an XP Home box have ended in failure
 When it works , it works OK . The voice directions are often unintelligible , but that 's more Microsoft 's voice synthesizer 's fault . Often it will call out a direction and cut its self off , saying something like , `` Turn right at ock ... '' , and forcing me to take my eyes off the road and stare down at the computer to see what it was trying to say . I could live with that.What I would consider to be the first major problem is , it occasionally tends to take me off of freeways or boulevards and zig-zag every block through neighborhood streets and busy downtown sections . I usually do n't even realize I 've been screwed until the second turn when I look down and see a dozen zig-zags on the route that was a little ` curve ' on the overall route I was taking , and by then there 's usually no place to pull over and try to work out a more direct route , and I ca n't tinker with the thing while I 'm trying not to crush pedestrians and crash into other cars . It does n't ` penalize ' turns when making routes , which add up to a minute each extra full-stop and turn.The biggest problem comes in when you set up a longer trip in the wide open spaces between cities . The maps appear to have used satellite photography , which is very bad . They ca n't always tell whether it 's a dusty road or a wagon trail , because the directions often want to send me on impassible dirt trails over mountain tops . The latest fiasco sent me PAST 95 -LRB- which definitely would have taken me to 62 -RRB- from I10 to a typical retarded zig-zag through Blythe , CA and finally to a ` Midland Road ' , where the highway simply dead-ended at an old mine of some sort after taking me 20 miles out in the middle of nowhere . I was trying to go from 10 to 62 for a scenic route , and it decided that some dirt trail over a mountain top was a ` road ' that would get me there . Something like this happens virtually every time I use the software in the countryside . Apparently they were ambitious enough to search for every possible road , but far too lazy to determine whether the lines on the satellite pictures really were roads , and not some rutted dirt bike trail -LRB- like maybe by picking up a PAPER map and cross-checking their assumptions -RRB- . If I have to use a paper map to tell whether a route is valid every time , I 'll just put the damned computer away , thank you . Usually it sends me a mile or two down some fire access road or private driveway , but this time I got to see an abandoned mine at the end of a road to nowhere .
 Product does not feature route recalculation . Lets say you are driving and there is an accident in the road ahead you are forced off route , the product does NOT recalculate a new route it just alerts you `` OFF ROUTE '' and will not stop saying `` Off Route '' until you stumble your way back on the trail!Also the map pack is extremely hard to pick out your maps , you MUST select stuff on a county by county basis , rather than a state wide map or a region wide map .
 I have used ScreenCam 97 which runs fine on Windows 95 . Despite the initial banner saying it runs on Windows 95 or 98 , note that the spec sheet mentions only Windows 95 . When you try it on 98 the software warns you that it wo n't work . If you try , you record only sound . Playback on 98 is limited to sound and a black panel where the image should be . Tried dinking with video settings to no avail . I agree with another reviewer who said that the product is dying . It 's a mystery too , because Lotus ScreenCam was unique among video/audio recorders for packing smooth video motion and good sound quality into a comparatively small file . I 'd pay a lot more ... for a version that works on 98 , ME , 2000 and XP . It would be a golden training tool . What give , Lotus ?! Your market awaiteth !
 I never knew Macintosh , Linux or Unix to be able to run Lotus . I have been searching for years and even called IBM / Lotus only for them to tell me the beast does not nor ever will exist.I would be grateful to be wrong for I have tons of files I no longer can use since I moved to Mac Leopard OSx .
 I am very dissapointed in the accuracy of the tests in Typing Tutor 7 . My students have found many ways to give false results . It is not accurate in figuring WPM . You can type three letters really fast and it will give you 100 wpm with 100 % accuracy . You can type for a few seconds , then take a rest and let the time run out and it will give you good speed and accuracy . If you are motivated to learn , I 'm sure it is a good program , but it is not good for students who try to get away without doing the lessons .
 I 've wanted this program for 14 or 15 years , now , but being disabled does n't pay like it once did , so I 've had to do without . I eventually bought a tiny -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- font editor that I could never get to work , so I uninstalled it and may still even have the files around somewhere.Finally , after years of trying , I qualified for educational status for my nonprofit and tossed a copy of Fontographer into my basket with the buggy and poorly designed MX 2004 Studio . -LRB- The bug fix for the Studio is Version 8 , by the way . -RRB- I finally got my system set up the way I wanted it
 I think it 's important for anyone considering buying this program to know that this program has n't been updated since 1995 . I have been trying to use this program in conjunction with Illustrator 10 and I 've had a myriad of problems . I have found it very difficult to import EPS files created in Illustrator 10 . `` Cut and paste '' -LRB- the recommended method for importing vector data -RRB- does n't seem to work at all . After hours of experimentation I finally figured out how to import an EPS created in Illustrator 10 -LRB- save the file as an Illustrator 5.0 document with no preview image , as a postscript version 2 , and without any thumbnail -RRB- but then I could n't get it to export a properly working font . Every time I use the font and then try to save the file in Illustrator or generate a PDF from InDesign I get a warning that states that the font ca n't be embedded due to be protected , even though the font permissions are set to give full access to any user . I researched the problem and found that there is a Microsoft extension module that can be installed to permit additional control over font permissions , and it apparently has solved this problem for a few people running Windows ME , but I can not get it to work on XP . I am a huge fan of Macromedia 's Flash , and I am deeply disappointed to see such a crappy product being sold for $ 349 ! Macromedia very recently lowered the price to around $ 300 , but it 's still far too much to pay for a ten-year-old program that fails to deliver on its intended purpose . I would strongly encourage anyone considering this program to look elsewhere for a product to meet their need . This product is too outdated to be of much use to modern designers .
 I was a little concerned when I attempted to install the product and the documented installation instructions did n't work -LRB- referenced an executable that did n't exist -RRB- . It was simple enough to fix , but made me wonder about the overall quality.And again , while installing Boot Magic , I received an `` undocumented '' Boot Magic error . Not even an explanation of the error on their site . A second e-mail to their support.One of the two e-mails to Partition Magic support was answered five days later simply re-stating the information in the error message . Never did receive a reply on the general installation question.Actually , the ease-of-use of the product had won me over , until it `` hung '' on a partition resize operation and left the partition `` locked '' thus unavailable to the OS scandisk utility -LRB- which , incidentally , is what they tell you to run to clear the condition -RRB- . Only way out , format the disk . I see why they tell you to back everything up before using their product.A few too many problems for my liking . I ca n't recommend it .
 The first message i got when loading this software was ... `` Partiotion Magic does not work on the current version of windows that is installed . Please install one of the Operating Systems that are listed in the Help File . `` Wait till a new release comes out that is compatible with all new operating systems from MS.
 I purchased this product to merge partitions on some Win 95 and 98 boxes in my office . For that purpose , this software worked wonderfully . Not one problem came up . If you intend to use this product on those platforms , you should be happy . It did wonderful work on those machines.I got too confident in it and tried to resize two partitions on a Windows NT machine , with the ultimate result being a system corruption from which we were unable to recover . I succeeded in resizing my partitions only after I was forced to REINSTALL THE ENTIRE WINDOWS NT OPERATING SYSTEM . UGH . Maybe I did something I was n't supposed to do , who knows ? But this software should be good enough to recognize when the user is doing something stupid and not let you . At the very least , it should give lots of warnings . No such luck ... My advice is stay away from this product for NT unless you are an MCSE or experienced enough .
 When everything is fine , this product will work fine . Any slight anomaly will bring it to its knees . PartitionMagic 5.0 is relatively useless on my machine . It crashes on startup with an error 116 . To add and remove partition , I now use fdisk and cfdisk under Linux . I attempted to use the DOS-OS2 version and the Linux version with no success . This is relatively expensive product with quite restrictive licensing terms . It should be able to weather a few storms . My advice would be to learn a little about partition tables and use FDISK . It 's free !
 It is unable to expand a NT NTFS drive . It does not support Windows 2000 . Unless you are using a ` toy ' operating system like Win98 , do n't waste your money like I did .
 I receise this opened on it and it fell on the floor , the case was broken , whould not hold the disk in place I have not used it .
 The family tree maker , which I purchased with such excitement , has been a great let-down to me . When I follow the directions and insert a cd , it will say it is n't inserted , please insert the cd , or that it ca n't read the cd . I ca n't imagine what is wrong with it , but it is useless to me . Since I purchased the set some time back and I have n't used it since the first week I bought it . I would like to return it for a refund .
 The product arrived with a disc loose in a big box , little documentation , and a worse problem
 I love it . It is great . NO PROBLEMS . Anyone who uses it I guarantee , they will have juat a little more fun when the are typing . Well no typing anymore , just talking .
 As a user of Frontpage I decided to try Top Page and see how it did . The first thing I noticed was the box was empty excpt for a loan CD . NO documentation is included . It is discovery learning at its worst . I hope they do n't think that it is n't necessary because the program is so intutive you do n't need it . If they did , Wrong Again ! Do n't bother to talk to IBM about it . They know what is best for you is the attitude you get .
 I do n't normally write reviews for software , but feel compelled to do so in this case . If you 're looking for an accounting package , you may be better off trying a different product . I 'm an IT Manager for a small company that current uses Peachtree Accounting as their primary accounting package . We have about 7 employees that need regular access to our Peachtree database , however the package that we have currently limits us to 5 users , with no way to upgrade other than purchasing Peachtree Quantum at $ 3950 , with no upgrade option . Where as the Peachtree Premium Accounting 2008 with 5 users is $ 1099.00 . How do they justify a $ 3000.00 difference for five more users ? Obviously , Sage Software is leveraging it 30 years of making accounting software to force long time users into buying packages / features they do n't need . This does n't even touch on the numerous problems that we experience almost daily with this software . Thus far calling customer service has been a joke , with hold times approaching an hour . Most of the representatives I have spoken to have been rude with an unwillingness to help with our problems . Some of the crashes experienced daily are
 I bought this as an addition to The Print Shop program by the same company . I was amazed to find that some of the clickart is not supported by the program ! How can any company create a clickart program that its own `` graphic program '' does n't support so many of what is on the `` graphics '' add on program they offer !? The artwork is elementary and color is awful . Try editing anything here ... forget it ! Save your money , hire an artist ... well you get my point .
 There are some nice photos in this collection , however most of the black & white graphics are unusable . I recognize a lot of images from Dover books that I have except one thing
 This program is absolute trash . For a paid screen saver -LRB- I might add they want you to pay an additional fee to buy more fish -RRB- , its quality is depressing.Static backgrounds , no Anti-Aliasing , no Aniostropic Filtering , no realtime shadows , etc. . I expected it to be of game quality , but instead got some flat fish bumping around a static , low-resolution background . The background did n't even look nice.Clearly some people lack the system resources to run this well . I do not.AMD 64x2 4400 + dual coreNforce 4 SLI7800GT2 gigs of RAMIf I did n't get this for free after a rebate , I would be screaming bloody murder .
 This program requires a VERY up-to-date system . If your video card does n't have drivers created in 2005 and your DirectX is less than 9.0 ... , do n't get this . It has lovely images but it just does n't work right , even with 2004 video drivers . Tried their on-line support but it was frustrating to navigate . Tried email contact for tech support , but have n't heard anything in 7 days .
 If you do n't have a 3D graphic Accelerator Card , this program wo n't even work.can ' t even install it on my home computer , which only has a basic 2D graphic accelerator card.Now will have to buy a 3D card for 200 buck to see this Free screen saver ??
 Its verybad product . It system dependent . Do n't buy it unless you are having latest system with high video ram etc. .
 I have windows XP SP2 . My CD drive does n't recognize this CD . It says either CD format is different or corrupt . I ordered for a replacement and even the replacement CD it is the same problem . I never had problem with any other CD.There is nothing in the Technical support . I returned my CDs .
 The description of ClickArt stated that it was compatiable with several different operating systems . The item description did not specify an operating system . When I received the product , it was for Windows 3.1 and Windows 95 . I run Windows 98 . Thus , the item has no value . The item description should have stated those operating systems with which it is compatiable .
 I bought this for my child to learn beginning concepts of reading in Kindergarten . I am finding it difficult to enjoy Disney 's Reading Quest with Aladdin because most of the time the game will not work . You ca n't escape or space bar through the credits and voice dialog . It is fine the first time you play to hear the Genie talk but every time she logs in we have to sit through Genie 's speech all over again on game mechanics . After creating her story , my daughter could only go so far in the game then it completely froze and we had to hard shut down her system . We could n't escape , control/alt/del - nothing . I reinstalled the game and started over . Now she has a saved story but when loading into the game we can select the existing story but it will not advance to the next page to continue playing the game . Her system runs on Windows XP . We bought this game with a bundle package of Disney interactive games . So far the whole set has been a bust . I would not recommend this product to anyone . It was a complete waste of money .
 How can we continue to be delighted with Aladdin 's Reading Quest , when we ca n't play it ? It wo n't run on Windows 7 . Wish they would either re-do it for Windows 7 or put it online so kids could play it , learn from it and be enthralled at the same time . A great program , now no longer doing any good . We 've just ordered it 's counterpart `` Math Quest '' but fear it wo n't run for us either.We are a very disappointed home/field schooling mom and nine-year-old !
 This version has been eclipsed by Acid Music 2.0 . The differences between the versions are significant , and it 's well worth the extra money to get the latest version .
 Well , the samples are cool enough
 Product limits you to 25 attempts , then register , or register at the first attempt . Attempting to register this product is frustrating , the product insists on a pre-determined country , if it is UK , then it searches for the UK internet output/modem , for USA it declines all attemtpts to register , giving an error `` no internet connection '' . After various attempts to register it insists on a phone number . Finally I abondoned my quest , and put the disk to rest ...
 I recently purchased this item and it no longer is supported . Once loaded , the program attempts to register via dial-up to Caere corporation . Two problems ! It does n't recognize a high-speed modem and Omnipage is now owned by Nuance . You will then get continuous countdown warnings on how many times you can use your software until the counter reaches zero . I do not know if version 10 fixes this problem .
 14 days since an order of some software on CD ROM shipping by `` priority mail '' has not be received and have not heard from the seller after 2 e-mails to them ... It looks supicious !
 LearningCo no longer supports this software according to their website . I could not get this software to install on a DELL Windows XP machine .
 We just bought a new computer which came loaded with Vista -LRB- not the one I would have chosen form myself , but oh well -RRB- . It has a feature that allows it to run older programs on it , but I ca n't get that to work until I get a glitch fixed that seems to be linked to outlook express.I have n't given up on Slam Dunk yet . Has anyone had success using it with Vista?P.S . I gave it two stars because I had to put in some number . I 'll update this review if/when I get the program to work
 I was truly dissapointed with this software . If I could have rated it negative 5 I would have . I expected more from Sesame Street . Not only did this CD interfere with the proper operation of my PC -- causing it to lock up , freeze , and distort my monitor screen , I found it totally ineffective . The games are difficult to interact with , and there is NO ABILITY TO INCREASE THE SKILL LEVELS . There is no assessment of my childs skill , but rather , a stupid assessment of the `` games . '' After my son -LRB- age 3 -RRB- had mastered the concepts , there was no way to increase the difficulty level to keep him interested . I feel it was a waste of my money . My son loves Jump * Start 's Preschool CD which gives me as a parent , more control over skill levels , and it 's much easier for my son to navigate through the games . I 'd say if you 're considering Get Set To Learn ! you should keep looking . Sign me -- Ripped Off By Seasame Street !
 The program is visually cumbersome and does not minimize conveniently . No status informaton on current and pending fax jobs is available . The software package promises great help available whenever you need it -LRB- help menus , internet , voice -RRB- , however , I waited over 8 days and never got a response to my two emails and additional voice messages .
 I would n't recommend this program , there are better activities on the sesame street website . Not worth your money ...
 This did n't work for my computer . I have an hp computer . I do n't know I think I 'm suppose to download soemthing . Do n't have time for that though . LOL
 I purchased this product and had difficulty installing . After emailing support and calling , had no reply , nor any solution to the problem . Beware buying this product as you may have to wait awhile for support if install did not complete successfully .
 i needed this for a newsletter for my job . i would not do anything . I tried to use it on about 6 different types of machines and it was useless . a waste of hard earned money
 It is a lie that it runs on Win XP.It really can not be installed in Win XP Home , WIn XP Pro , Win 2000 , Win NT4.You must take it out of your list .
 If you 're looking for Design Cad 2000 , this is n't it . It 's the tutorial ! This product has been advertised wrong in the catalog .
 Do not trust any of Anti-Spam software . they just give you more Spams , include this one . After installing this software one week , i got double spam emails than before ... Just use your email provider 's filter tools and do NOT click the Spam emails . you will be safer . -LRB- This is my third Anti-Spam software -RRB-
 I purchased this product for the mortgage amortization functions indicated in the product sales verbage . I did not look at other features . Based on the product description , I was expecting much more from it . The product description indicates `` the propose of the mortgages application is to allow you to examine various repayment scenarios with the focus being on reducing your interest costs . Use this powerful tool to verify information from you financial institution and to make informed decisions that can result in significant savings '' . From such a description , one would think this program would support additional principal pre-payments of the same or varying amounts . The program supports only a simple amortization program that calculates basic information . With respect to routine prepayments , the product is certainly not usable with respect to tracking additional principal payments over time , analyzing the interest savings of such a plan , or confirming and potentially challenging a lender 's payoff demand in escrow . In addition to basic amortization functions the program supports a single `` lump sum payment entry '' -LRB- such as an inheritance or gift application -RRB- . I expected a product with more flexibility and depth .
 These Bratz -LRB- funny , it 's spelled with a Z yet they still say it like its spelled with an S -RRB- dolls need to stop!These dolls are nothing more than a negative influence on your child , just think , she loves these Bratz soooo much she might decide to become a `` Brat '' herself , and I do n't think you want that , do you?And you most certainly would not want to buy this DVD for your child either , for if you do she may just start shouting -LRB- ... -RRB- and then listen to that rock angels CD EVERYDAY and and I do n't think thats gon na help her in life.God , I 'd rather listen to an album of those crickets chirping in my lizard 's cage than listen to THIS crap , please do n't support Bratz , or you will regret it sooner of later ...
 I ordered this product for my wife 's work and Norton 2006 is the latest product that is usable on Windows 2000 . I thought I was ordering Norton Internet Security 2006 , but when it arrived I saw it was only Norton Antivirus . My mistake , not the seller 's . However , it arrived ahead of schedule .
 Interesting product , but just another one that has been added to the long list of software products that lack the fundamental design principles . The product 's sales people try to make up for the lack of fundamental design flaws with unfounded and inaccurate claims . i.e. 1 . `` Turn PC files into optimized , small file-size PDF documents '' . I believe the person that wrote this did not have a strong understanding of the English language . I purchased the product to allow a PowerPoint slide file -LRB- file size 578K -RRB- to be emailed in a `` small file-size '' . ScanSoft PDF Converter Professional 2.0 turned the file into a five -LRB- 5 -RRB- times larger file ! Even with ScanSoft technical support on the phone with me for almost an hour , the smallest size was over 2000K ! 2 . `` System Requirements ... Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.1 or above '' . What I did not see listed was a requirement for a active internet connection . What a surprise to find that I actually have to be actively connected to get the activation process to work . What private information is ScanSoft collecting off my computer ? I purchased a legitimate retail version from a Office Depot , a legitimate retailer . Why is ScanSoft so paranoid ? What other design flaws have they included , due to their paranoia?Here are some other interesting concerns :3 . During the installation process , there is no option to tell the software not to install in Microsoft Word , Excel , Outlook , PowerPoint , etc. . What a surprise when I open up my PowerPoint to find that it takes five -LRB- 5 -RRB- times longer to load ! Instead of 2 seconds , it now takes 10 seconds ! Why did it take so long ? Well , ScanSoft has now decided to load itself into every Microsoft product on my computer ! It was not happy with just loading itself as a printer driver , it loaded itself on all my Office main menus and in my submenus ! What else has it done without me knowing ? Is it also sending my private information off somewhere ? ScanSoft looks more like a SpyWare program than a PDF converter .4 . Now for the software return process ... if you like to jump through hoops , try a return . I call up to return the product and I get what I think are the requirements . FAX a copy of the receipt and wait for a check . Sorry , the next day I get five -LRB- 5 -RRB- emails telling me five different things that I have to do from three -LRB- 3 -RRB- different people . Does this sound like out-sourcing ? Yes !!! This explains it all to me . -LRB- I digress , this is a review of ScanSoft PDF Convertor 2.0 , not of out-sourcing ! -RRB- 5 . Well , I think that I have jumped through all their hoops , now I will wait for a check . Does `` check is in the mail '' sound familiar ? I wonder how long it takes a check to travel from India to the US ? 6 . The adventure is not over yet . Now , I have to clean up all the garbage on my hard drive and in my registry that the ScanSoft PDF Convertor Professional 2.0 Uninstaller program left . What no Uninstaller program ? I sure hope that the Windows XP Add/Remove program can work properly ! But it relies on an installation list provided by ScanSoft ! I am in trouble . Yes , it is time to manually edit my System Registry -LRB- Do not try this at home . This a job for a technical professional . -RRB- 7 . ScanSoft PDF Convertor Professional 2 is a great example of how not to design and implement software ! Yes , it is only $ 99 which looks like a lot better deal than Adobe Acrobat . How many dollars have I wasted trying to get ScanSoft to do what the sales people wrote on the box ? How many dollars am I going to waste trying to get ScanSoft PDF Convertor Professional 2.0 off my computer?Here is my advice : A. Buy software products with cautionB . Do your research -LRB- read reviews -RRB- C. Beware of software products that have major software design flaws.D . With poorly designed software the total cost is not what you paid the retailer for it!E . Outsourcing is not the answer for technical support !
 ScanSoft has been nothing but difficult to deal with in resolving a problem that their own license management system created.Every few weeks the application manages to forget that it is not an evaluation copy and begins dysfunctionally labeling every page it generates with that annoying `` Evaluation Version '' diagonally laced across every page it produces.I paid fully for my copy of this product and naively assumed that a call to customer support would resolve this issue . It did n't . Instead , I was told that I 'd have to call technical support -LRB- not an 800 number -- but not to worry , the `` first call '' is for no charge ... oh yipee ... -RRB- Note to all customer service departments
 PDF convertor is an acceptable product , but does not yield good formatting . As long as other means are available -LRB- OCR , select text from the PDF -RRB- , I would not use it . PDF Create is excellent . I used it happily for 4 months . Now , it 's dead.I am a homebuilder , and during that time reinstalled my OS , a new hard drive , had difficulty with Scansoft 's re-activation process , and finally installed a new mainboard . I exceeded the maximum number of activations -LRB- 5 , I think -RRB- and now have nothing . The software has never left the confines of my desktop computer.I have a password and a username , neither of which is the PIN required , I was denied a PIN online , and the phone number offered in case of difficulty refers you back to the web page.For those who still have a functioning copy , you need to know this . Reactivation requires that you copy a unique list of characters , possibly 24 , from a screen . It contains enough zeros and Os that you may waste time copying them over and over , even though the number of characters is wrong . But , you must put your cursor in the display , and cursor over to find the * concealed * characters , and enter them too.I have 4 Scansoft programs on my hard drive , one non-functional . There will not be any more .
 I have Adobe 6.0 professional . Most of the time I use Adobe to convert file to PDF . I bought this software hoping to get cheaper product for our company new computer with the comparable quality . The software does convert the file to PDF . However , it considerbly increases the file size.I convert some documents using both Adobe and this software to compare.Adobe compressed the file from 200 KB to 20 KBThis software increase the file size from 200 KB to 688 KB!Changing the setting also makes no difference.Not recommend this software if you 're looking for the product to compress the file .
 First of all , the required registration and fingerprinting of your machine is quite intrusive and cumbersome.Second , in converting pdf to Word files , it does n't really do any useable formatting that can be easily editted , instead it creates a bunch of text boxes all over the page -LRB- rather then using tabs or tables -RRB- . I was tring to convert a resume to a different format , working with a pdf original . In the end I had to convert it to plain text and start formatting from scratch , which I could have done just using the Adobe Acrobat text copy tool . Save your money , I wish I had done some research first .
 A client of mine picked this garbage up and installed it on his PC . Not only did it not meet his needs , but much to his chagrin he lost the install CD during a move and found himself totally stymied . When his PC booted up , he got a Scansoft prompt box whining for the PDF Converter CD . He could n't uninstall the program because , of course , it whined for the CD if you dared to try to pull such a move . We downloaded the removal tool so helpfully provided on the Scansoft website to get rid of this junk , and that did absolutely nothing . We went through the system registry to delete keys , following the instructions so helpfully provided on the Scansoft website to get rid of this junk and that did nothing as well . Every reboot resulted in further endless whining for the Scansoft PDF Converter CD . Now it appears I will have to reinstall Windows to get rid of this useless trash for good . It goes without saying my client is never going to buy another Scansoft product and as a desktop professional I 'm recommending the same to everyone who comes into contact with this organization and its worthless products .
 You can only load this program up twice before the activation feature denies you access to the program . Then spend a month trying to get a new activation code from the WORST CONSUMER SUPPORT ENTITY in the the software business . Good luck ! You have been warned!BTW I think Amazon needs to allow a '' + '' or '' - '' designation before the rating stars , because I 'd rate this program a minus '' - '' 2 stars .
 This version was definitely NOT user-friendly , and I took 2 years of Astronomy in college . For that reason I am considering the Starry Night series for my next Astronomy program .
 Dreamweaver may seem like a novice 's dream come true , but it 's quite the opposite . For one thing , not only does it create messy , convoluted code ; it creates code that does not conform to the HTML standard ! It does n't even insert a DOCTYPE declaration , a * must * even if the rest of the HTML is not entirely correct.If all you 're doing is a quick , simple page , the HTML required can be learned in the 5 minutes it takes to get used to this program . Or , if you are designing anything more , you will run into its limitations and bloated code very quickly .
 I ordered the dreamweaver fireworks studio and instead received an upgrade version which I can not use .
 I got this game for christmas , i played only for a short time and i totally completed this game ! i was really disapointed ! the levels are n't even hard , this game is so short it ai n't even funny ! in my opinion do n't spend your money on this ! especially since at the time it was expensive ! -LRB- the bad part -RRB- Well the good part is the racing is fun , and i do have to admit some levels really are fun , but once again not worth the cost , maybe if it was lowered to 5 $ This game is so pathetic !
 Does not work with Windows 2000 , works fine with Windows XP or higher .
 I did n't like this game very much . It was okay at the begining but I could n't skip the dialogues at all when I accidentally clicked on the same thing twice . That was n't too bad , but all you can do in this is look for props and cast members to be in your episode . There 's only one episode so it 's sort of repetitious and there are no points or rewards for having the right characters in the episode -LRB- or so that I know of -RRB- . Yeah , it 's fun at first but I have n't finished it and probably wo n't since there 's nothing new .
 Well my daughter enjoyed this game for a while but she completed it within a couple of hours , i think when i pay 40 $ a game should take more time than that!I most certainly do n't think you should buy this game it is a waste of money !
 I was a little puzzled after seeing so many rave reviews ... to immediately find a glaring bug when I started the tutorials for this product . Incredibly , when entering text into the main document window or the button editor , the text selection box does not align with the text ! This makes it nearly impossible to select text from among other objects in the page . Looking at the Macromedia online `` Tech Support '' page I found not help for this problem , but a catalog of HUNDREDS of other bugs . Maybe this is a great program for Mac users , but PC users beware . Obviously this is just a slip-shod porting effort from an original Mac title in an attempt to move into a customer base that is n't shrinking . A bit of advice
 I first bought this product because of all the good reviews I read about it that it ranks right up there with Photoshop . This may be true if you can ever figure out how to use it . Unlike Photoshop , you wo n't find any good books or tutorials on how to use this product . Now if you ca n't use this program , what is it worth ? Certainly not what their asking for it.I do see that Macromedia has work shops that you can travel to and some internet training for their products but at a high cost , and I do n't know if they are any good , and I do n't care to spend the money or drive the distance to find out.In my opion , if you ca n't provide a good tutorial and include it with your product and not as an added cost , then what good is your product to the average Joe.In my opion this Fireworks program is a dud , and these good reviews that I 've read about Fireworks are not coming from the general public but from industry exectives .
 When I heard what this program could do to energize my web site I was excited . However , the developers of Fireworks slighted the most important component of good software -- help files & tutorials . The documentation is full of errors & ommisions . The help files are so archaic that they are useless and the user interface is not intuitive . Fireworks 4.0 by Macromedia may well have incredible capabilities but they are of no use if the user ca n't figure them out . The term `` fireworks '' conjures thoughts of a big bang in a small package . But we all know what good a wet firecracker is . In my opinion this box of fireworks has water damage .
 I heard good things from this product.However , I am almost ready to admit that I can not figure out how to use it ... I usually get running with a new program quickly ; but that is not the case this time.I have seen dedicated gps navigation devices for around $ 150 . My system , in contrast , counting PDA , memory cards , software , bluetooth enabled GPS extra battery , case ; etc. . . set me back by about $ 700 . I will only recommend this product to somebody that is willing to take a lot of frustration .
 I really wanted to like this product , but it 's broken out of the box . Apparently the video problem involves some kind of codec , but Britannica seems to have no clue . First , you have to download a patch to keep the software from looking for a specific version of Quicktime , apparently the one installed by Britannica . One has to wonder why they would -LRB- 1 -RRB- even install a version of Quicktime when it 's available on the web , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- program the product to look for a specific version , when software versions change constantly . Even after installing this patch , however , the product STILL does not work . Now , instead of enjoying all the features of my brand new product , I will get to deal with support personnel and hope that they can solve the problem . If , in fact , it is a missing codec , why in the world is this problem not addressed on the Britannica support site?Another potential drawback to this software is the advertised FREE subscription to Encyclopedia Britannica Online . This is offered as a one-year `` trial '' that requires a credit card to activate . At the end of the year , if you do not cancel , your credit card will be charged $ 49.95 for the next year . So , if you decided that you did not like the product and forgot about it after you uninstalled , you would suddenly find a $ 49.95 charge on your credit card . I really do n't need the hassle of trying to get a refund on something I may not even remember signing up for . In my opinion , this offer is not `` free . `` All-in-all this is an unnecessarily amateurish effort from a company that should be capable of much more . I can not recommend purchasing Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite .
 I bought this expecting a large database of information . My 1978 encyclopedia collection has more information than this ! Not to mention they expect you to pay if you want all of the features . I personally found this to be very disappointing !
 I realize that my review is not about this product , but I think it is relevant to potential purchasers of Avanquest products . I do not know anything about this particular program , but have had considerable difficulty with Avanquest as detailed below.I purchased My Ultimate Organizer 7.0 via download and subsequent key.I am not making this up - the product displayed a message in Serbo-Croatian telling me the key had expired.Four hours later with Technical Support and the problem is still not resolved -LRB- despite erasing the program , reinstalling , trying different keys , searching the Windows Registry , etc -RRB- . It takes a full hour on hold to get a technical support representative and at the conclusion of the last session , I was told to contact Customer Service for a CD copy in the hopes that that would resolve the issue . Now Customer Service tells me Technical Support must send me the copy , although Technical Support says otherwise . I am out $ 30 for a program that is at this point , totally useless , and left adrift by Avanquest who has my money and refuses to help me.I would purchase Avanquest products with extreme caution . If you have a Technical Support issue , you will have to wait a minimum of 60 minutes on hold -LRB- no 800 number -RRB- , and then get fairly substandard service after that .
 I was so impressed with Trend PC-Cillin 2006 I recommended it to everyone ... until 2007 came along . When I downloaded it and saw all the new features I was thrilled but I could n't use my SoftPlan software ... it would close without opening any drawings . When I spoke to tech support they said there was no way their software interfered with mine ... HA ! It worked fine before . After I uninstalled Trend 2007 and did a system restore everything was back to normal . I 'll use 2006 until the subscription runs out and find something else .
 As satisfied users of the 2006 version of this product , we promptly `` upgraded '' to the 2007 version . What a mistake ! Of the 3 computers on which we installed it , 2 have had serious problems and Trend Micro 's tech support has been no help at all . I resolved one BSOD problem myself by upgrading the drivers for my daughter 's Linksys network interface card ; the only `` solution '' provided by Trend Micro was to try a different version of Pc-Cillin which did n't work either.The second problem remains unresolved . My laptop -LRB- fairly high powered and only about one year old -RRB- has the same performance/CPU utilization problems described in other reviews here . Again , tech support has been useless . The first guy I spoke to tried to convince me that my computer was n't powerful enough and then suggested that I shut down other programs to identify the one causing the problem . I pointed out that no other programs were running , and that shutting down Pc-Cillin instantly solved the problem . He finally told me to send him debug logs , which I did . That was ten days ago , and after hearing nothing I sat in the phone queue again tonight . When I finally spoke to an `` engineer , '' he said I would have to wait for the first one to get back to me and that there was nothing he could do to help.Based on other reviews here , and my own observations , it looks like a conflict with Internet Explorer 7 is at least part of the problem . Of our 3 computers , mine is the only one with IE7 and the only one with major performance issues.Even if this particular problem is fixed -LRB- someday -RRB- I would hesitate to buy a product from this company again because their technical support is so bad .
 I 've been a Trend Micro user for a long time . I 've had a least 3 or 4 different cycles , the last being 2005 . I was late in the original cycle , so my virus database did n't exprire until late in each year.Anyhow , specs as follows
 I have just exited from Pc Cillin 2007 for the last time . I am very dissatisfied with this newest version of what was a very good piece of software in 2005 and 2006 . Aside from being alerted every couple of hours or less of a new threat update and download , I have had it with the extreme use of resource . My downloads have gone from 1.7 Mbps . to 200Kbps . I have tolerated this up and down scenerio for some time . NO MORE.I am sure that Trend will figure out what to do with this program in time , but , for now I will be looking elsewere for something else . Not McAfee or Norton , though . I may try dumping 2007 and try to get 2006 to work again.Anyway , I would not recommend this product until there is some kind of update or fix.I did n't mind a little slow down to take advantage of the features , but , this is unacceptable.The best of the Holidays to all.Ed
 Google `` Trend Micro 2007 Slow '' and see what you get.You get what yo pay for.I really liked Trend Micro Internet Security 2005 and 2006 . I figured if Dell uses Trend Micro that it has too be a decent program , but I was wrong . Dell is using a rebranded version of 2006 called Internet Security 14 . So , Dell has yet to jump into Trend Micro Internet Security 2007 . Do n't call Trend for Support - it 's neither effective or readily accessible.Get a new copy of 2006 while you still can and give Trend time to come up with a fix for 2007 .
 I wished I had read all of the reviews before I upgraded to the 2007 version of PC - Cillin . I pretty much had the same problems as everyone else . The memory maxed out when '07 was running in the background and my IE and Outlook Express would not function with the upgrade . I uninstalled '07 and reinstalled '06 and still had problems . IE and Outlook Express would still not run even with '06 reinstalled . I spent over a week on the phone w / tech support -LRB- over 12 hours -RRB- and they could still not solve the problem . The only way my system would function properly was to totally uninstall PC-Cillin . My last ditch effort was to restore -LRB- I 'm running XP Home -RRB- my system to a date before I did the '07 upgrade and then reinstall ' 06 . This seemed to have corrected my issues for the time being . The '07 upgrade was a nightmare for my pc and hopefully I have my system straightened out now . Never again will I upgrade or install another software program w/o researching the reviews first .
 Paid $ 50 for this in Feb 2007 , ran it until May 13 . It had a terrible impact on my computer resources , especially the program pcscnsrv.exe , which could take up to 98 % of my cpu capacity . Everything was slow to run , open , or close . I tried some of the tricks suggested , like getting rid of SpyBot . No help . After a lengthy exchange of emails with Trend Micro Support staff , I uninstalled 2007 and went back to the 2006 version , which is a great program with minimal impact on resources . So unless you just want to devote your computer to protecting itself from viruses , avoid 2007 . Stick with 2006 if you have it .
 Caution
 I 've used Trend Micro for a couple of years as a happy user and upgraded recently . I installed 2007 on one of my 3 PC 's . A Trend Micro program called PcnSrv ... will eat between 90 to 100 % of CPU . I have to kill the process in order to use the computer . Apparently this is a known problem but Trend Micro has no obvious information on their website about it . Via google I found some information about this problem with a suggestion to deactivate SpyBot . But that did not work . I sent 2 or 3 support emails , and they never respond . I am getting rid of this product and will not install it on my other 2 PC 's . It is bad enough to have a problem like this but when the support staff will not respond , that is a deal killer . Very disappointed . I wasted my money .
 At first it worked OK but it started to make files . Thousand of file and I was losing one to two GBs per day . I contacted them but got no help . Their reply was &#34; I understand you are having trouble installing PC-Cillin &#34; . That was their answer . After I found the files it took over an hour to delete them . This was probably an isolated case but they could have done a better job in helping . Or at least read my email so it make some kind of sense .
 I used this Program for the last year and have had many quarrels with itmainly : it missed a ton of spyware and a couple of trojans on my computer . even though i religiously update the virus definitionssignificantly slowed down my computer.and what really made me angry is that when i deleted the program it would not fully delete and took me 3 hours to remove the entire program . which involved searching for individual files and deleteing them manually.i switched to avg free edition which has worked admirably .
 This product consumes 150MB of RAM , which seems excessive.The user interface is confusing . Dialogs are popped up for various operations at random times and can not be shut off.Tech support is by email . It takes two days to get a response , which is invariably unresponsive , completely different than the previous response , and appears to be written by a moron . After three months I have yet to get a sensible response to my question about how to reduce memory footprint.In the 2007 version , they also changed how the 3-user license works . Previously , each license lasted one year from the date it was installed . Now all three licenses expire one year after the first of the three is installed !
 I have been using Trend Micro for years but the2007 version A huge disappointment.Great Security comes At a big cost to loss of System function.It is a complete HOG of resources and taxes your computer to it 's very limits . Slows everything to a snails pace . Earlier versions were excellent , but this new one is utterly ridiculous.CAN NO Longer recommend this product . My internet connection would disconnect every 2 minutes or so.Actually have had to have my computer reformatted twice since installing in July . My repair service installed AVG free , and there is such a difference . I will be switching permanently . AND YES , their support has also gone down the toilet with the software.Do NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!
 I have a number of machines that I manage with this product installed . They worked great on previous version of PC-Cillin until I installed pc-cillin Internet Security 2007 , then every thing RAN SLOW ... It also gobbles up huge amounts of RAM . I have 1GB RAM and all of my systems become progressively slower as the day goes on . After one day of being powered on the computer is useless as it is too slow and idles with ~ 600MB RAM used when not doing anything . This 2007 program seems to have become some kind of virus itself ... DO NOT BUY!I will start moving my machines over to something else .
 Once my computer is on for a while and the pc-cillin is fully loaded it seems okay . But it takes 10 & % # $ @ minutes to load and to let me do anything with my computer -LRB- Dell 1505 laptop bought new in 2006 -RRB- . I am changing to Norton soon . Forget `` PC-illin ' ''
 I 'm echoing many people 's warnings , but feel so strongly about being tricked by Pc-Cillin with this ridiculous product . I had to contact customer service 3 times about the extreme slow-down due to 50-100 % CPU usage , not to mention continual errors and closing of Microsoft programs . I was given various solutions , none of which worked long term . The program is not compatible with Spybot , but even after you un-install that , the problems continue . I have not received a response from my 3rd email to customer service asking how I get my money back . I am so tired of the anti-virus software problems all across the board . It is a money-sucking industry . Right now I have Zone Alarm - so far , so good .
 The positive about PCcillin is that it seems to work okay . It scans email and the firewall works okay.The negatives : - It supplies a lot of warning requests . This would be good , but they are n't explained in an easily understood dialog so you end up answering yes to permission requests without always knowing if that 's the best choice . - Even though it supplies 3 license keys the program is a little buggy and sometimes loses the keys . If it loses the keys it disables the ability to update or click the customer service live chat button . The process of restoring the key on the computer is n't too hard , but requires a bit of assistance from customer support . - Customer service is slow . Sometimes I 've been lucky and gotten into support chat right away , but sometimes I 've had to wait 40 minutes or more . The support personnel do n't seemed to be trained technicians , but just phone support people reading through a manual with canned answers . Getting to the right answer can take a long time and a lot of trial and error.I have used PCcillin for about 2 years now . The latest version definitely is n't as good as it 's previous versions . I would n't recommend this product .
 Paid for , downloaded and installed it on XP Home with all the updates and IE7.My IE7 would hang after going to one or two web pages . Tried ending IE7 and finally resorting to rebooting the computer.I decide to wipe out my computer and reinstall XP and IE7 with all updates then installed Trend again . Short story I ended up uninstalling Trend.Now I 'm emailing Trend and searching the internet for solutions ... FYI
 I have been using their software for 3 years and really liked it . It was the best on the market . I do n't know what they did but it will crash IE7 and outlook express over and over and over again . Called tech support several time -LRB- Shortest hold time was 45 mins longest 1h45m -RRB- because it would not load right , tried their solutions to no avail . I figured out with no help from tech support , I might have some conflicting software , uninstalled and it worked only to keep crashing they my browser and mail programs . After I uninstalled it everything worked great . Such a shame , it use to be so good .
 Well I did install 2007 vice my 2006 edition with these results.Both my notebook and desktop are XP Home with all patches and OE 7 . My desktop will not connect to the internet , even with the firewalldisabled . The notebook work ok albeit slow to connect and often whenclicking on a link in an email , the IE window would open but the URL did not get transferred and nothing happened . I had to copy and paste the shortcut.I really liked the Spam Filter performance . Unfortunately my notebook slowed way down . Two PC-cillin processes constantly are using a lot of CPU resources as shown in the Task Manager , even when there are no applications running . TmPfw.exe uses from 15 % to 25 % CPU and the other one -LRB- I forgot the name -RRB- uses > 10 % . When the data protection blocks data to a website , there needs to be anoveride/exception that works right away but not permanently unless sospecified , without having to close IE and starting over.I realize 2007 does more than 2006 , but the reduced performance and problems make 2007 a poor choice for me . I am now back to 2006 on both my computers.In order for me to migrate to 2007 , there have changes made to address these issues .
 Like many of the other reviewers , I was a big fan of Trend Micro 's Anti-Virus software ... . I found it to be superior to Norton 's product in many ways . I upgraded to their Internet Security 2007 and my computer has slowed to a crawl ... and if you google `` Trend Micro cpu utilization '' or read the other reviews you will see that I 'm in good company.I called their company 800 # on Thanksgiving day and they answered with no delay -LRB- I guess it 's not a big holiday in India ... -RRB- . The tech - Mike - told me that the product is not compatible with internet explorer 's latest edition and that a patch would be available in early 2007 . He said that if I used Firefox as a browser there would be no problem -- but there still is.I am going to take his final advice -- uninstall the software and return to just the anti-virus product . Too bad -- they had a great brand name until this piece of garbage software . My suspicion is they rushed it out to complete with Microsoft 's new Live One Care ... which also offers 3 licenses per package.Caveat emptor !!
 Absolutely kills my PC 's and laptops -LRB- typically a 2.2 Ghz CPU with 2GB of RAM -RRB- with a process named PcScnSrv.exe alone using over 85 % of CPU continually , and 120 MB + memory , just for this process . Trend Micro PC-Cillin Internet Security 2007 is terrible . I 've used PC-Cillin since version 2003 , and until this version it has been a good product . Even 2006 was fine . 2007 is a bomb , so do not purchase it or upgrade it . Just delete your registry keys for Trend and reinstall your 2006 version , and you will be better off , until Trend Micro fixes this disastrous problem . I 've been working with technical support every day -LRB- the `` Customer Escalation Team '' -RRB- since 04/05/2007 , with no end in sight so far , and it is now 06/04/2007 !
 Tried the TrendMicro trial of Pc-Cillin after reading many Amazon and other reviews of the 2007 version . They were right , it took about 150 mb RAM on a 512 mb RAM system using Win 2000 Pro . . really pretty inefficient ! Granted , the real-time antispy has been beefed up quite a bit , but at what a cost . . the 2006 version uses less than half that amount of RAM , plus the 2007 version uses about double the hard drive space to boot . . ! Stick with Pc-Cillin , but use the 2006 version until they tame this thing down a bit . From what I 've read there 's a refresh build coming out some time in January 2007 , try it out then . .
 After owning two previous version of this product it was a no-brainer to upgrade - or so I thought . Installation was a breeze and everything seemed to be up and running fine until I noticed my computer was running very slowly . I opened Task Manager and noticed that CPU usage was pegged at 100 % and the culprit process was PcCillin . I reinstalled , no change . I looked on Trend 's FAQ and Knowledgebase , nothing . I did n't have time to call support during their hours , so I filled out a support ticket online . I got an autoresponse soon afterwards and then heard nothing for almost a week . I sent an email complaining and got a response the next day with two fixes to try . I tried them both and neither worked so I replied to the support email asking for more help . After more than a week I still have n't heard back and I 've officially written off the $ 40 I spent on this software . I 'm now using the FREE version of Avast and everything is fine . Sorry Trend Micro - you had a customer for life and now you 've lost a customer for life .
 I am absolutely amazed that this piece of garbage was shoved out the door for sale to the consumer . Read my reviews , see how I praised the last 2 years of this product . I was happy to upgrade when I received the email from them . It 's such a great product , I had no qualms for upgrading every year.I downloaded the new installer and viola ! the problems started . First off , this program requires you to uninstall older versions of the previous product . Well I was a happy user of PC-Cillin 2006 and thought no problem . Big mistake ! Their uninstaller could n't rid my system of all of the files so every time I ran the installer I was told another version existed on my computer and I needed to uninstall . Guess what ? The uninstaller cleared out enough files that it could n't launch the uninstaller for 2006 . What a joke ! It took a special uninstaller from the company to clear out all of the garbage . I should have known right there that 2007 was going to be a disaster . To my surprise -LRB- not really -RRB- 2007 would not install/load properly . And the best part ? It cleared out my 2006 so I had nothing to go back to.Can you say ZoneLabs Internet Security ? I can , did and I 'm not looking back!How does garbage like this get out to the market ? Steer clear if you value your PC .
 I have used PC-Cillin for years . I purchase it for home and for my place of business . Wo n't even go into the various speeds , etc. on the six computers its installed as they all vary but will say the OSs are XP Home or Pro . The result on every machine has been the same . Does the term pregnant pause ring a bell ? After I 'd installed the program at home I kept rebooting because everything , and I mean everything , I tried to do had the same reaction . Click . Wait . Wait more . I thought it was because I 'd downloaded version 2007 . It was n't . The program may stop viruses but I work faster than the program . My frustration level escalates with every key stroke . Do I recommend PC-Cillin anymore ? The answer is a resounding NO . Looks like PC-Cillin is joining that ever growing group of no like - no use security suites . I 'm trying Zone Alarm as I 've already been there , done that , with McAfee & Norton . I gave it two stars because it went from a five star -LRB- version 2006 -RRB- program to one I will never again purchase in only one version `` upgrade '' .
 I have been a PC-Cillin user for a few years . My original reason for switching to that product is because NORTON had become a resource hog and I needed a security suite that would not tax my system.The 2005 and 2006 versions of PC-Cillin performed very well on my computer . Without any noticeable strain on my resources , the program worked silently in the background and was able to catch many viruses that were being sent through my email . To be honest , I was becoming a huge fan of PC-Cillin and had even purchased their 3-user license to protect all the computers in my home.Last month I installed their 2007 suite . I noticed soon after that my computer would suddenly disconnect from the Internet after a few hours of use . I have Verizon Fios , a broadband service that has never been known for disconnects . After installing a new NIC card I discovered that it was n't any hardware issues causing this problem -- it was PC-Cillin ! As soon as I removed the 2007 version and switched back to 2006 , my sudden Internet disconnect problems disappeared.I 'll echo other comments made on this page in saying that the 2007 version was rushed to release and that there are bugs that should have been worked out . Unfortunately , when you release buggy product like this , you anger people and they look for better products . In this case , I 'm going to look at Kapersky or perhaps Zone Alarm.Sorry , Trend Micro , you had me as a dedicated user until you released product that was not ready for prime time .
 Others have stated clearly the problems with PC-Cillin 2007 . I experienced this first hand on Nov 26 when I went to renew my subscription to 2006 , and the 2007 version was offered for free with the renewal . I downloaded and installed on my guinea pig PC -LRB- windows xp 1.7 gHz celeron 512 MB ram notebook -RRB- . It was immediately apparent what a CPU hog 2007 is . I left the machine idle for 30 minutes and it was still periodically at 100 % utilization without any application running . Start an application and it stayed at 100 % utilization for an agonizingly long time , whether you were starting IE or Word . Web pages were taking 30 seconds to load over broadband that had previously downloaded in a second.Checking active processes , something called ` PcScnSrv.exe ' was the culprit . It 's part of PC-Cillin 2007 . Searching for this term along with ` pc-cillin 2007 performance problems ' brings up a lot of negative information.I uninstalled 2007 . That was ugly too , PC hung up.To make matters worse , there is no defined way of simply renewing the subscription for PC-Cillin 2006 . It requires reinstalling 2006 with the new serial number to gain another 12months virus definitions using the old product.After doing this on my guinea pig PC , I simply altered -LRB- hah ! -RRB- the serial number on 2 other PCs that share the license to the new serial number via editing the windows registry -LRB- I do n't recommend this if you 're not familiar with it already -RRB- . PC-Cillin 2006 is a memory hog . It required expanding memory from 256mb to 512mb and significantly increases boot times , but it 's a good product outside of this . PC-Cillin 2007 is a disgrace.Update
 I had IS 2006 installed on my W2000 machine and my virus subscription was coming to an end . I decided to purchase the 3 user package from Trend Micro . Installation on my W2000 was flawless . The software loaded after the computer was rebooted . I tried to register but only clicked on dead buttons . I tried to scan but nothing happened . Trend Micro customer service has been responding at a rate of 1 email/week . The first rep thought I had IS2006 rather than IS2007 so I had to wait another week for a response . The second rep had me download the latest installer from their website . Curiously , it seemed to have the same information as the file on the CD . Not so curiously , it gave the same result as the installation from the CD . I 've been a satisfied Trend Micro customer for at least 2 years and I think that association has come to an end.You may want to try downloading their trial version from their website before you purchase this product .
 As a user of PC Cillin for 2 years I was more than willing to sign up for a 3rd year . As a customer I was invited by Trend Micro to try the 2007 version . I figured no big deal since I would be renewing anyway . BIG mistake . It slowed my computer to a crawl , -LRB- and I already had issues with its CPU usage even before this release -RRB- , and would not allow me to change the settings to my liking . The only positive thing is that I was able to uninstall 2007 and reinstall 2006 . Oh , I forgot , in the past I was able to renew my subscription for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and now they have the nerve to charge $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for this utter piece of crap . I originally purchased this software -LRB- 2005 , 2006 -RRB- based on a PC Magazine review . I hope the will revisit Trend Micro and slam this version . Shame on a previously reputable company to put out such a horrible product .
 TrendMicro has been a trusted name for me until the 2007 version . It is way , way too big . Just forget running it on a 128MB or even a 256MB computer . But even on a dual-core system with 1GB or RAM is is really slows down your system .
 My computer would not install this program . It kept asking me to insert disc 1 while disc 1 was sitting in the drive . Spent three hours on phone with tech support . they had me download two different patches , then it still would n't install . Tech support kept putting me on hold -LRB- because they did n't know how to solve the problem -RRB- . I was as nice and courteous as possible , and I spoke very clearly to ensure that there was no communication problem . Finally , after putting me on hold for a fifth time , the technician covertly disconnected the call . Nice , huh ? Look , I do n't want to endorse any antivirus product , but I can say that spending my money on this has been a miserable experience . I STRONGLY SUGGEST NOT BUYING THIS PRODUCT.Thank you , Jason L. Garner -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have used 2005 , then 2006 . When invited to update to 2007 , I took them up on it . Big mistake . When the Install was finished , 2007 would not load and 2006 was gone . It also kicked out Windows Defender in the process . Talk about hostile software ! Attempts to re-install first 2007 , then 2006 would put me into endless restart loops . Not even a system restore was an effective fix . It took me most of a day and half a night to clean up the mess.Now I am back running 2006 and even more problems are coming to light . The update debacle has apparently trashed my whole system . For example , I am no longer able to get into the Windows Update site unless I disable PC-Cillin totally . Great ! Naked on the internet . Subscription sites such as Consumer Reports no longer recognize me .2006 had its own problems , and I found I had to disable functions to get anything done . The `` Privacy Protection '' is useless and blocks sites and emails for no valid reason . Even though I do no content screening , if it ca n't determine the content of a site , it hangs the load and you get those annoying balloons in the corner . So , `` Web-Site Filtering '' is disabled.I have 5 months to go on my subscription , but I ca n't wait to get rid of the whole thing . As soon as I find a good alternative , PC-Cillin is gone .
 Not only did this product dramatically slow down my computer , but it did n't protect the computer . After becoming infected with a virus that self-generates 100 + emails per day -LRB- to worldwide addressees , all unknown to me -RRB- , the company seems content that '' ... the virus has been quarantined ... '' even though the email deluge continues . When pressed for a fix they told me to contact my ISP for a solution -LRB- that this software promised to provide . -RRB- Of course , this answer was only provided after several previous emails that provided no assistance whatsoever . The on-line help
 I used the 2006 version and found no problems with it . I have purchased the 2007 version and now I have no PCU speed . I have tried everything on their support site to no avail . I was getting flashbacks to the past NORTON products , when I clicked my mouse and the cursor would continue turning , with no computer response . Once I removed this JUNK SOFTWARE , my computer `` magically '' returned to normal . My days of using Trend Micro are over.Also , if you are running a home network , be aware that the enclosed firewall does not automatically setup for you network printserver . My second printer would not respond , and I received a print server error . All the past firewalls I used had no problems -LRB- zone alarm , kaspersky , norton , CA , etc. -RRB- , but this one would not work , even with support help . I did notice with this one , that I had to reinstall all the software for the home network and print servers , for all my printers , after I uninstalled PC-Cillin 2007 . Good Grief !!
 My 3 year old emachine -LRB- 2.8 gh , 1.5 gb memorty -RRB- running Windows XP was brought to a halt after I installed PC Cillin . Not only did it take over the screen -LRB- can you say unwanted pop up -RRB- every morning when the daily update occurred , but then it ran some kind of `` background ? '' check using 100 % of available CPU time . After this `` takeover '' started , attempts to load programs , Close PC Cillin , etc. were useless . This lasted for up to 1 hour after each download , and occasionally , the machine totally locked up and could only be accessed with a complete reboot . I was 1st told by tech support that I had a bad download . The `` new '' download did not fix the problem . I was then told that I probably had a program on my machine which needed to be removed completely before PC Cillin would work . I should start with any programs which monitored internet access , pop ups , viruses , etc. . In other words , strip my machine of all protection I had built up over the past 3 years so a program which was not working might work . I politely told PC Cillin that this was not an acceptable solution . Now I have been denied any refund since the 30 day window refund window has passed -LRB- amazing how tech support works just slow enough to let 30 days pass -RRB- . This was despite their technical support recommending a refund . I suggest you Google PC Cillin and read other similar reviews before you consider this product . I wish I had . I now have a security suite which truly functions in the background the way it should .
 Used the 2006 version . Loved it ! Since I updated to the 2007 version , my computer has slowed to a crawl . Extremely frustrating ! I am desperately searching for a new program with a small footprint .
 I have been using Trend Micro PC-cillin since 2004 and I was quite happy with it until recently . I did n't like the 2006 version much either but it was still ok . When I saw the pop-up window for a free upgrade to 2007 , I clicked on Yes immediately , since I had been paying for these annual upgrades before . Now I came to realize that I should have first read the reviews . Big mistake!Not only it slows down my PC significantly , it starts using 100 % of the CPU after 15-20 minutes and forces you to close it through ctrl + alt + del . After several weeks , I sent a message to Trend Micro customer service thru their website to ask about this problem . Never got an answer.And the worst thing is , when I was using 2006 , I made a mistake of recommending this product to my roommate and one of my co-workers and they both have 2007 now . And they both complain about the same issue . I feel sooo bad : -LRB- Stay away from this product . I do n't know what 's good out there right now , though .
 I have been a faithful Trend Micro PC-Cillin Internet Security user for the past 2.5 years . We were so pleased with the product that we upgraded to the newest versions each year without hesitation when our anti-virus subscriptions ended . In fact , we did n't bother to shop around for alternatives suites or even for better pricing -LRB- I mistakenly thought that the best price could be had directly from the company - I was wrong -RRB- . This last time , I upgraded to the 2007 version and added 2 years of a/v subscription as well . So you can see , that we 've been truly pleased with the previous versions of PC-Cillin . They used very little of my system resources and ran quickly and unobtrusively in the background . Exactly what you want a security suite to do.I installed the 2007 version and of course , downloaded all the latest updates . I instantly could tell a major difference in the speed of my computer . Everything ran much slower and often I could n't get access to a running program for 10-20 minutes at a time . PC-Cillin would sort of `` hijack '' Firefox or Outlook and I would continually be waiting to be able to use the programs . The Windows Task Manager would say `` Not Responding '' and I would either have to wait it out or restart my computer . I also noticed in the Task Manager that PC-Cillin had a number of `` processes '' running at any given time that took well over 100mb of RAM . I contacted tech support and as per their suggestion , completely uninstalled the program and installed the very latest build . Unfortunately , this did n't help my situation . Digging around further , I found that PC-Cillin 2007 is incompatible with some features of Spybot Search and Destroy anti-spyware software . I was unhappy to find this out but in an attempt to try to get the security suite working tolerably , I followed the instructions on the Trend Micro website for removing the conflicting software . I noticed a very marginal improvement in my PC 's performance but the system was still running very poorly . I also really disliked the fact that it would interrupt you at any given time to bring up pop-up windows while it automatically updated the software . The update process was much slower than in previous versions -LRB- which used to run in the background so you could keep working -RRB- . Once again , my system would be `` taken over '' from my by PC-Cillin . I contacted tech support again and received -LRB- yet another -RRB- suggestion to try the lastest build . Apparently , the last build was n't compatible Internet Explorer 7 and even though I was n't using it as my browser the fact that it was installed on my system was a problem . Once again , I uninstalled and reinstalled the program . Still no improvement . Next contact to tech support , I 'm told that PC-Cillin will not run properly if Spybot or Lavasoft 's Ad-Aware are installed on your PC , even if you 've disabled the real-time features like tea-timer and immunizations as they recommend in their online help . Tech support tried to convince me that in this newest version of Pc-Cillin , they had replace all the functionality of both Spybot and Ad-aware and that 's why I needed to remove them from my system . Having run both of the programs since my initial install of Pc-Cillin 2007 , and finding spyware on my PC that had gone unnoticed by Pc-Cillinm I was n't convinced . I told tech support of my concern and they simply said that they could n't guarantee the program would ever run properly with the other programs residing on my system . They offered to roll back the installation to the 2006 version but other than that , there was nothing further they could do to help me.At this point , I asked for a refund . To my surprise , they agreed . I think they realized that I had given an honest try to get the software to work properly on my system . I 'm happy to say that they followed through and refunded the purchased price of the upgrade to the 2007 version and the two year a/v subscription . So in the end , while I was extremely disappointed with the product , I was pleased with how Trend Micro treated my situation.After much research , I 've settled on ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite 2007 . I 'm extremely pleased with the program and it runs great on my system .
 I installed this in January , 2007 and for 20 days I had continuous lockups and `` not responding '' problems with my internet . Finally after much frustration I called the manufacturer -LRB- I could n't go on line because my computer would freeze ! -RRB- , waited a great deal of time only to find out that I had purchased their first 2007 version with lots of bugs . they downloaded the update and all is well . Nowhere did it give me this info in the updates !
 I have an existing Linksys wireless network setup for my home , and I purchased this software for my laptop and new desktop computer this weekend thinking that I need to update my internet security . I used to have Norton products , but after reading the reviews I decided to try this instead . As soon as I installed the program , I lost wireless internet capability , and I could do absolute nothing -LRB- not even to configure my wireless router , despite direct connection -RRB- !!! I contacted manufacturer 's support service and got nothing back after 48 hours . After speaking with Linksys I was told that such `` comprehensive '' internet security software often messes up existing wireless network configurations . I did n't find this software to be user-friendly at all , and felt like I basically threw $ 50 down the toilet ! I had such a bad experience that I wish there was an advanced warning for average computer users like me .
 This program causes my computers to blue screen . I have contacted Trend twice now and they do not respond .
 iT MAY BE A GOOD PRODUCT BUT WOULDNT WORK ON MY COMPUTER . I T WOULD N'T INSTALL . IT SAID IT WOULD WORK ON COMPUTERS WITH ME BUT IT DID N'T
 1 . This locked up my computer .2 . It changed my browser settings on it 's own .3 . Removed all my System Restore points -LRB- Win XP -RRB- .4 . Win XP would not start without going to a black screen and using the option `` Start Windows using last known good configuration '' .5 . Would not uninstall without my doing it manually and going into the Registry to remove it - permanently . **** I rate this as a waste of money .
 I 've used Pc-cillin for several years and have generally been pleased . The newest version was a nightmare to install -- so bad was the first try that I had to use system restore to get a semi-stable system back . Note that I followed all of the directions religiously . I finally gave up on the firewall -LRB- admittedly , I had disliked their firewall in the earlier versions and used the XP firewall instead -RRB- and after four tries finally got the anti-virus part to install . That seems to work OK , but what should have been a ten-minute undertaking turned into a 3 + hour ordeal . This product was definitely not ready for prime time .
 I puchased PC-Cillin to rid my machines from problems I was having with Norton , but I find that PC-Cillin is no better , and in some ways is worse . I am reluctantly going back to Norton .
 I 've used Symantec , McAfee and TrendMicro over the last decade , in that order . My view in general was that antivirus et al. programs will slow down your computer inevitably . And all of them did to some extent.Of the three , my favorite has been TrendMicro -- good updates , stayed in the background , relatively painfree . I 've used it for 3 years.I agree with those other comments about TrendMicro PC-Cillin 2007 . After upgrading to this version -LRB- on XP Professional -RRB- , my CPU spiked to 100 % utilization about once every 6-8 seconds . Everything slowed down , including just moving the cursor.As a dutiful TrendMicro consumer , I asked for support . There 's no one to speak to -- they do n't give out numbers so that you can talk to a human being . That was frustrating . Their email support responded usually within 30 hours . They sent me a `` new build '' via email , with step-by-step instructions . One of the instructions was removing parts of SpyBot , a favorite spyware program . I did everything they asked , and it got * worse * . I emailed again . They sent me more instructions , with another , apparently newer `` new build . '' That one not only made things worse , but when I rebooted as instructed , it killed my network connection . The only thing that saved me was the XP application that allows you to reset your computer to an earlier time . I did that -- to the date before I upgraded . Stubbornly , I did things a little differently and got their new , new build installed . No fix . The spikes were as frequent but stayed at 100 % utilization for 2-3 seconds.Tonight , I did what I read others did
 Was Norton IS user , reviews convinced me that TMIS2007 would require less resources but ... Problems began immediately.I have a Gateway laptop running XP Pro , with no extraordinary apps . The problems included : Icon would not appear in system tray and was not scanning email ; TM support , after 5 calls , 4 unanswered emails , I learned IS2007 placed 2 entries in the configuration file , had to disable one ; TM advised issue will be fixed in January 2007 build.TMIS2007 would not scan my system , Error '' `` Scan could not complete , see TM online help '' ; I could not find a solution for this on the WEB site.TM user support recommended I install TMIS2006 until January when the next build would be released . Note that the TMIS2006 version is available for $ 4.00 . I 'm done ... . I have spent over 3 days trying to fix , finally gave up , decided my $ 40 + is down the rat hole and decided to try McAfee .
 Have been a fan of Trend Micro PC-cillin since I switched from the Norton/Symantec family of products in 2005 after they became too bloated and resource hungry . Thought PC-cillin Internet Security 2005 was great , much more efficient than the Symantec products and no real problems on our home computer . Last year I updated to IS 2006 on our home computer and installed PC-cillin IS 2006 on my office computer . I unfortunately did have to remove AdAware from our home computer as IS 2006 had a conflict with it . Had I only known that this was a portent of things to come ... Being so satisfied in my past experiences with PC-cillin Internet Security , I had no hesitation in upgrading our home computer to PC-cillin Internet Security 2007 . What a mistake . During installation I received a warning that the install could not complete until Spybot S&D ; was removed , which it then uninstalls . However , if you ever used the Spybot S&D ; Immunize functionality to avoid IS 2007 having problems when it first starts you then have to go through a process of reinstalling Spybot S&D ; , turning off the immunize function , removing certain files , uninstalling Spybot S&D ; again and rebooting several times just to get IS 2007 installed and running.Once installed the computer -LRB- 1.4 GHz AMD Athlon , 1Gb RAM -RRB- showed significantly increased resource usage and ran noticeably slower . Several games and applications that used to run just fine on a routine basis are now effectively unusable . Terminating the process pcscnsrv.exe resolves some of the performance issues but prevents PC-cillin from performing even a manual scan or receiving updates.I contacted Trend Micro and was informed that PC-cillin Internet Security `` has so many features that it conflicts with many other programs '' . Their suggested fix was to uninstall all other spyware , adware , anti-virus anti-phishing , etc. security software , including Microsoft Anti-Spyware/Windows Defender . To be clear , these conflicts did not exist with prior versions of PC-cillin Internet Security and AdAware , Spyware Blaster , Spybot S&D ; and Microsoft Anti-Spyware are all very common and well respected computer security programs.I thought that an Internet Security suite was supposed to prevent programs that tried to disable your computer 's security and lowered system performance , not to initiate these actions itself . Do some research and you will find many people getting a new or updated license for Trend Micro Internet Security 2007 and then uninstalling it and reinstalling IS 2006 using the new license number . I 'm sorry that I updated to PC-cillin Internet Security 2007 and I recommend sticking with IS 2006 or looking elsewhere .
 Very disappointing !!! While 2007 works , I only use antivirus and spyware defenses . This software slows my normally fast computer to a crawl . The updates run slow and it takes alot of time to update the anti-spam database -LRB- that I am NOT using and have turned off -RRB- . I 'm uninstalling it as soon as I find it 's replacement . I used Norton before 2006 and tried 2006 based on it 's reviews and it was n't hog on the computer 's resources like 2007 is ... that 's what I want , an effective program that does n't kill the performance of the PC .
 I 've been using PC-Cillin Internet Security for 2 years and quite pleased with it . But the 2007 version is very disappointing . On one computer , it started scanning and could not stop unless I turned off the computer . On another computer , it slowed the system almost to a halt and caused problems with email . I turned off the software alarm but it kept popping up . Its firewall is also causing problems . I installed it twice and download all available updates , but finally I had to uninstall it . It 's not for me .
 This is my third year for the product and the first year was the best . This year the product would not install . Tech support did help me , I had to download the newest version , they said there were a lot of bugs in the CD . My pc runs much slower now , it ca n't seem to clean out the spyware and it seems they have concentrated on bells and whistles rather than sticking to basics . I will probably look for a new vendor when my current license expires .
 Our company purchased PC-Cillin Internet Security 2007 since Norton 's 2007 version of there software is not compatible with Windows 2000 -LRB- hey , we 're a non-profit organization . -RRB- When we installed the program on our windows 2000 computer , we realized something was missing . The Anti-Spam feature was non-existent ! No toolbar , no filter . It took 2 weeks -LRB- including weekends ! -RRB- for TrendMicro to come up with a solution . It turns out that there CDs were missing a few files ... And the poster who said that the shortest wait time was 45 minutes was not kidding ... . There tech support asigned us a `` case number '' but nobody made any notes in our file , so every time we called we had to explain the issue , tell them what was missing , have them go through 20 different steps , which we had tried 20 different times , to end up with nothing . Once you get the program running , with all the components installed , it seeems ok .
 I was running Spy Sweeper and PC-Cillin Internet Security 2006 together , and it was a good combination that did n't hog system resources.I `` upgraded '' to PC-Cillin Internet Security 2007 and now my computer is constantly taxed by this horrible software . I have an AMD Athlon 3500 + and 2GB of RAM , Western Digital 74GB Raptor and Asus A8N-E ; by all accounts a pretty sweet box . But even so , where my computer used to boot in about 15 seconds , now it boots to the Windows -LRB- XP Pro -RRB- desktop and just sits there for a few minutes . It literally takes TWO-AND-A-HALF minutes for PC-Cillin to just load up . CPU usage is through the roof with this software and it severely bogs down my computer.It also does n't allow FlashGet to work at all.I tried to stop PC-Cillin from starting with Windows by disabling it in the startup list using msconfig , but to no avail . I ca n't stop this garbage software from loading with Windows and there is no option that I 've found in the software itself to stop it from loading . The configurability is definitely lacking.Let 's hope an update solves this software 's problems.I loved PC-Cillin Internet Security 2006 but to summarize the 2007 effort , STAY AWAY from this software , it is complete junk .
 The previous version -LRB- 2006 -RRB- worked well for me , so when my license ran out , I bought the 2007 PC-Cillin . It 's one of the worst pieces of software -- possibly THE worst -- I 've ever used . My PC went from a fast , bug-free machine to a cripple . PC-Cillin slowed the performance down to a crawl , and constantly interrupted my work with endless requests to download updates . And then my computer began to crash . Over and over . I never once experienced a crash on this PC until I used PC-Cillin 2007 . I tried to contact the company to get help , but could n't find any call-in number on their site . In the end , I did n't want to spend days trying to get this software to work , so I un-installed and switched to F-secure . I just wasted $ 50 bucks . You do n't have to .
 I really , really liked PC Cillin 2006 . It did the job and did n't hog resources . It was clean .2007 is a completely different story . The problem started a couple of weeks ago . The update function got hungup and stayed that way , forcing me to do a cold reboot without shuutting down any programs . Not good . I thought it was just a fluke but after 3 times I thought it was time to deinstall and reinstall to see if there was just a download glitch . Well , the program would n't completely unload . I tried reloading and reloading , but some of the unseen registry entries would n't clean out and I was n't about to start digging around in my registry . The kicker was it screwed up my right-click function . Everytime I right-clicked on an icon , the installer would run . For a while the entire download process would open up everytime I would start my computer in the morning . I had to go through all the download steps before I could get going with my work -LRB- I 'm a translator so this drove me crazy ! -RRB- I sent an email requesting help , but I downloaded a free trial version of `` Your Uninstaller . '' I ran that program and did a forced uninstall and it cleared out the registry of the ` ghosts ' and fixed the right-click problem . I di n't have to jump through all the information hoops they had for me to get help.I then started using Avira free addition and along with my paid-up SB Firewall and paid-up Ad-Aware , I was doing just fine . I did n't want to waste the money I spent on the PC Cillin , so I tried reloading it with the registry cleaned out . Well , guess what ? I got an install that ended up telling me there was already an installed version on my machine and then it just shut down.What a F'in waste ! Do n't waste your money and time . The program is buggy . There might be a fix and better versions to come , but it was n't broke , so I do n't know why they tried to fix the 2007 version.It 's not worth the hassle to get my money back , but Trend Micro should know that I ai n't going back . They wo n't get anymore of my money .
 I too was thriled with Trend Micro Internet Security 2005 and 2006 , so I moved forward with installing 2007 . Now my laptop has died and wo n't even turn on ! I 'm furious and switching to Norton on my other computer immediately.What happened
 I used the 2006 on one computer , went to install this software on my laptop and it uninstalled webroot spyware which I thought had better gui and coverage . Not happy about that !
 A long time ago , Norton had a great antivirus program . Then they added so many bells and whistles that the program became huge and unbearably buggy . Then Trendmicro became the best with an easily installed and relatively simple , but effective , program . Now with the 2007 version Trendmicro has done exactly what Norton did , they have made the program so large -LRB- it 's almost impossible to download it without a high speed connection -RRB- that they have joined Norton antivirus in the ranks of large unwieldy software . This program is difficult to install correctly and appears to be the cause of many new freeze ups . Many new little bugs have appeared but Trendmicro customer service is virtually nonexistent so it 's hard to tell exactly what is going on . I do n't know what I 'm going to try next but this is the end for Trendmicro .
 Since this is the only antivirus program I use on my laptop , I have nothing to compare it to as far as virus-tracking efficiency is concern . However , at this point it does not really matter.The program works well in preventing malicious elements by COMPLETELY PREVENTING YOU FROM ACCESSING THE NET . Yes , you heard me correctly
 I brought 2007 PC-cillin and installed in my computer , however that was a big mistake . My computer has shut down and re-start at random times until I removed from my PC ; The technical suports sent me two different versions -LRB- lastest build version -RRB- to install but it 's still not working !!!
 Well the 2 guys were lucky . I bought it because of the `` free after rebate '' promo but I NEVER GOT the rebate . Same issue with the 4 other items I got for `` free after rebate '' . After I 've submitted the orignal receipts and UPC symbol and rebate form , they send me a card to tell me that it was a duplicate , then later on after I contacted them about it to testify that it was an original , they say that they do n't have a record of my submissions . Bull !! I check http://www.elibrium.com recently and I could n't get to the page . I was able to before . Perhaps this company is going out of business ... and scamming people on their way down.What a lesson for me .
 I also bought this software while it was free after rebate -LRB- which I 'm still waiting for after 12 weeks -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- I was also disappointed to find that after paying -LRB- ... -RRB- it did n't even come with a hard copy of the manual . There was only a soft copy on the CD-ROM . I think that speaks for itself that this program was -LRB- ... -RRB- definitely not worth the money .
 This ok if you just want to do text . Me I 'd choose Bryce 5.0 ! It 's kind of boring if it 's just text animation . If you want it all get Bryce 5.0 !
 This ok if you just want to do text . Me I 'd choose Bryce 5.0 ! It 's kind of boring if it 's just text animation . If you want it all get Bryce 5.0 !
 I purchased this software to avoid paying monthly for software usage through my hosting provider . Waht a waste of $ . WebEasy is neither easy nor is the tech/customer support of any help.I am not a novice . I have some html understanding and am a former help desk tech . Building my site was easy . Getting help to get a form from my site sent to me via email should have been as well . The best place to find support for ths software is on the user forum site where everyone is complaining about how poorly the software works . I finally figured out my email issue from a help doc that had nothing to do with my problem or my software . Tech Support was rude and useless and would n't answer my simple question of `` where do I insert the code provided by my hosting company so my mail forms will work ? '' I got a two page lesson in html instead of directions that should have said `` open x , click on x , paste your line of code here '' -LRB- My fix really WAS that simple ! -RRB- I 've owned the software for 1-2 months now and now it crashes everytime I open it . I now how to waste hours more of my time just so I can update my website.Run , Forest , run ! Do n't buy this garbage !
 Web Easy is a MISNOMER . There have been so many SNAFUs . The most recent is saving internal links and then the link disappears !!! So much time has been wasted . Website and manual are worthless for problems . `` Support service '' is also pretty much a misnomer , as well . Unfortunately , Richard Labrie is right on the money . DO NOT BUY .
 I purchased the CD version , installation went ok . Then , I double-clicked on the WebEasy icon . Nothing . Program startup hangs . Uninstalled , and tried using the downloaded version from Avanquest . Same problem . I 've not been successful in getting through to tech support . After two calls that were on hold nearly 1.5 hrs total , I give up . By the way , the computer is a smoothly performing Toshiba TabletPC , with XP Pro . All other sofware on it works fine . I finally got through to a Customer Service rep , who basically had excuses about why there was n't tech support available . Hard to imagine that a company can be successful in the long run if it does n't take care of its customers.They did seem to have an easy way to get a refund , which I 'm likely to try .
 I realize that my review is not about this product , but I think it is relevant to potential purchasers of Avanquest products . I do not know anything about this particular program , but have had considerable difficulty with Avanquest as detailed below.I purchased My Ultimate Organizer 7.0 via download and subsequent key.I am not making this up - the product displayed a message in Serbo-Croatian telling me the key had expired.Four hours later with Technical Support and the problem is still not resolved -LRB- despite erasing the program , reinstalling , trying different keys , searching the Windows Registry , etc -RRB- . It takes a full hour on hold to get a technical support representative and at the conclusion of the last session , I was told to contact Customer Service for a CD copy in the hopes that that would resolve the issue . Now Customer Service tells me Technical Support must send me the copy , although Technical Support says otherwise . I am out $ 30 for a program that is at this point , totally useless , and left adrift by Avanquest who has my money and refuses to help me.I would purchase Avanquest products with extreme caution . If you have a Technical Support issue , you will have to wait a minimum of 60 minutes on hold -LRB- no 800 number -RRB- , and then get fairly substandard service after that .
 I consider myself fairly computer literate , but I could not get to grips with this product . I have used MS FrontPage in the past and wanted a replacement . However `` WebEasy 7 '' is not it.I found it badly thought out , difficult to use and can not recommend it . The seller will not take it back . Beware !
 With WebEasy7 , you get what you pay for . It 's an ok program for web design , but it has it flaws . For someone who knows very little about HTML or web design in general , it may be a good way to get a site going . There does n't appear to be any way to edit the HTML code . There are some features that I was pleased with , such as some of the dynamic HTML effects that allow pictures to fade in and out , etc. but the program in general can be difficult to work with on the other hand . It 's far from great but not terrible either .
 This software touts big returns by giving you everything you need to make a top knotch website ! Well , I have an advanced degree in computer education and this is anything but!First , the way the company uses the term `` wysiwyg '' is a farce . You will see your text and pictures on display on your creation board , but try to load them up to a server and trust that they look the same on your website -- forget it ! Even the pre fab templates that come with the software do not work well either.You ca n't make your own rollover buttons from scratch ; copying items from one page to the next is painful , and naming your pages for navigational purposes is beyond simple understanding.The software does provide for use with some multimedia effects that are such a small part to making a great website.I have been trying for 2 days to put some of the pictures and text for a new website in some funky positions just to make them look okay on my website space.The idea of buying this software seemed like a great idea , but you get what you pay for . Why did I buy this software ? Because I am lazy to write my own code or read the manuals to more sophisticated software.I have decided to look into getting something much different that what I got and I hope you do is well !!! Good Luck !
 If you buy this software , just hope you never have a problem because you most likely wo n't get help . First you have to call a long distance phone number where you are put on hold for a half hour or more . Their customer support reps have attitudes that make you feel like you are an idiot for bothering them . Their typical stock answer is , `` the problem is n't with our software , call your web host . '' I created three websites with this software . Now that I want to make some changes to them , the changes are loading into the wrong websites . I am going out today to buy a new software program and will throw webeasy in the garbage where it belongs .
 The box sounds like it allows site development , but it only lets you create a site from scratch in its own format . I wanted to use this program to maintain sites created with other tools -LRB- not necessarily Frontpage/Expressions -RRB- - it is not good for that at all .
 I thought that I would have my site up and running in a few days giving myself more time than a few hours.I ran into several problems and contacted customer support . They are not willing at all to assist saying to read the instructions . After I told them I wasted my money , they were more willing to help.Fast forward to two weeks ago . My site stopped working , so I contacted customer support again and received a quick reply saying that they will be in touch in two days . I still have not been contacted and actually bought another copy to load over the existing copy . I am going to take it back and get web developing software that actually works.Don ' t waste your time or money !!!!!
 I never fill out these ratings but felt it was my duty to warn everyone else about how horrible this product is . I 'm running XP on a 9 month old Dell computer and this thing crashes , loses data , and wastes time . The 50 bucks for this piece of -- has cost me over $ 1500.00 in time trying to fix the errors it creates . It will work ... you 'll change one thing ... then several other things wo n't work anymore . I even consulted our I.S.P. provider that specializes in web design , their comment -LRB- after trying to help -RRB- was `` thanks for showing us this product , we 'll warn all of our customers to stay away from it '' . I have never hated software until now . STAY AWAY !!! You 've been warned .
 *** UPDATED 5/16 - After reaching a HIGHER UP at Avanquest , I was referred to several techs who had me try different things , yet the issue STILL could not be fixed.This is a great BASIC Web designer . However , beware that you may experience the same issues with startup especially running Vista.I am looking forward to se if the next version is any better.You will notice on the Avanquest Support Forum that there are MANY users having a problem where after the 1st reboot of their vista machine the software no longer retains your serial number . You have to enter it each time over and over.Emails to tach support go unanswered with nothing but reply messages saying someone will get back in a day . But nothing happens at all.This product alsmot can be considered abandonware with this type of support . All I want to do is USE it , and the sewrial number issue continues to happen . . -LRB- not only to me . . to many -RRB- . I ca n't comment on the features since I have n't been able to properly get it started !
 This program is useless . The interface is confused , busy , and non-intuitive . The simplest of commands , like displaying the source coding , are obfuscated and the ramp-up time to just passably use the program is outrageous . Although it claims to be easy to use and to walk you through webpage creation , the walk-thrus I 've found are minimal and still create a number of issues that do n't seem to be covered , like having a replaced graphic ripple through the subpages of the site -RRB- . I 've figured out more advanced programs like Photoshop , InDesign , and ULead 's Video Editor in a single day without ever cracking a manual , but despite playing around with this for a week and reading most of the manual , it still is clunky and hard to figure out.If you are looking for a cheap alternative to DreamWeaver -LRB- which I was -RRB- , do n't bother here . Spend the extra money . Sure , you 'll be out at least $ 150 more , but the time and frustration you 'll save will well be worth it .
 I was able to build a nice website using this product no thanks to any manuals or tech support -LRB- which is non existent -RRB- . If you call their number -LRB- which is NOT Toll free -RRB- expect to wait almost an hour on hold . I have the professional edition and apparantly tech support does not deal with . So ... after an hour on hold before reaching a human , I was told to use email . They also will answer one email and usually a form letter response . Do n't expect any more from them . If I had more technical skills I would definitely upgrade to a better program than this one !!
 The software works greatWhat ever you do STAY AWAY from CHARGE.COM . It is included and encouraged to be used for e-commerce using Web Easy software . They are a scam taking money from tens of thousands of people . Go to google and type in charge.com also known as pipeline data and Cts holdings They are all the same company and start reading the nightmares people have dealt with .
 First frustration was program locking up quite often . Second is that text and graphics positioned on the design page do n't always end up in the exact same position when you `` build '' the site -LRB- basically a preview of what it is going to look like on the web -RRB- . The final straw was uploading the file and finding out it would only load an older version of the file . The file name remained the same , but none of the new material we added and saved is there . It 's there when you are working with the file , but it 's missing when you upload . Not even going to try tech support based on all the unfavorable reviews .
 This is a terrible product . I had nothing but trouble with it , kept shutting down when I tried to add photos or anything I had to import from `` outside '' the software . Then when I went to upload , nothing . No support to speak of - no one could tell me why it would n't work.I threw it away finally . Stay away , this product sucks .
 I bought this product to enhance my ebay listings , I have not try it for anything else . what I can tell you is that it only gives 4 templates you can use on ebay , and I havent been able to use them because is very complicated and hard to save . Pretty much you waste a lot of time for nothing . I would not mind spending my time for something that is going to work but this product does not seem to work . Customer service really does not help , and you have to enter the serial number every single time you use the product . I seen many people have not have a problem with it but I dont recommend taking a chance with this product you will not only waste money but also time .
 I 'm a former computer science teacher and Ivy League graduate . I 've hand-coded html . I 'm not a dummy ; my IQ has been tested over 140 . After battling this software to create a simple Web site for my father , I felt compelled to write this review . This is truly awful software , and I 'll tell you exactly why.First , look closer at all the five-star reviews here for this product . And ask yourself
 Product works very well UNTIL they release a new version . I was happy with this item until it started to not retain my license number . I then went to WebEasy 8 and after a few months they released WebEasy9 and guess what ? Yep WebEasy 8 would not work . I contacted the company and their answer is `` we have released verison 9 you need to upgrade to WebEasy 9 '' What ???? This is a rip off . I loved the product when it worked but I will NEVER buy from this company again . I have had two versions and both worked fine until they released a new version and your license wo n't work . The support from this company really sucks . They only want to sell you the next product in line . I feel if I BUY the product I own the product and they are just stealing my money . If you want software that works just for awhile then I would use this . If you want a software that is going to last , buy something else .
 The software is buggy . I had to figure out a number of work-arounds to get the looks and feel I wanted - and I was not trying to do anything fancy . Fonts and paragraphs look one way in the editor and some out differently when it goes to the Web . My disc drive crashed so I went back to them with my order number and product code . No luck . They would not let me re-download to my new disk drive . I would not recommend this product or the company to anyone .
 I got Webeasy when I started my own company . I 'm decently computer proficient and have worked with templates before . None of their templates would work with my business and I could not design a website . With the purchase , they `` give '' you a year of free website hosting . This is what you need to be aware of . I finally paid a website designer to do a basic website and kept Webeasy as my host . This is where I ran into problems . My emails kept getting labeled as `` spam '' . Every email was basically blacklisting my emails . As a sales person , you ca n't have that . I tried to get a hold of the company . They have NO ONE that answers the phones . I had my IT guy change companies and email services and cancelled my Webeasy account . A YEAR LATER THEY ARE STILL BILLING MY CREDIT CARD saying they host my website . I finally reported it as Fraud to my Visa company . They at first told me they would have to get Webeasy on the phone to see if the charges were valid . I told them , `` good luck getting Webeasy hosting on the phone '' . After a week of trying to get a hold of the company , my credit card company called back and said they could not reach them either and agreed it was fraudulent . Do n't do it . Hire a website designer or buy a Dreamweaver template but DO NOT let these guys host your website !!!!!!
 I bought this product , elsewhere , thinking it would be a great program . Well , it kept crashing my PC , which runs 64-bit Windows 7 . Yes , it does state that it works on Windows 2000 , XP and Vista , but not Windows 7 . So , I tried running the program in Windows XP Compatibility mode ! It kept asking me for the registration number every time I started the program ! I tried going to the Avanquest website to request a refund . It asks for a UPC code and when I enter the UPC code , it tells me that it 's invalid ! So , I have sent an email to customer service asking for my money back . Do n't waste your time buying this , if you have Windows 7 !
 I originally bought WebEasy 6 to design a website for my wife 's photography side business . Shortly thereafter they came out with WebEasy 7 . With this version -LRB- as well as version 8 now -RRB- touted photo galleries which is exactly what I needed since I was building a photography website and thought this would be perfect.It was not.The cons far outway the pros of this software.CONS :1 . The photo gallery was a joke . It built a page for each photo ?!! huh !? If i wanted 30 photos it built 30 pages ! Thats insane ! Even not knowing a lot about web design I knew this didnt seem right . Plus , you didnt get the choice of building a site and adding a gallery . You either picked just a gallery or general website template -LRB- or blank -RRB- . Horrible ! 2 . I didnt feel the layout was user friendly . The help menu often times did not help or answer my question and their forum online gets no help from the developers . Most of the help comes from other webeasy users many of who no longer visit it due to the poor support from Avanquest .3 . Adding code to the site -LRB- scripts , etc -RRB- is more difficult than it should be and sometimes impossible . Having to edit your html code after it builds your site is just not right for something that calls itself ` professional ' or ` easy ' .4 . Things as simple as making the background of your website a color or image or having multiple lengths of pages is not possible without adding code . How easy is that especially when you are marketing this to people who have no knowledge of html ? 5 . Templates look too basic , dated and uninspired .6 . Just feels very clunky and not intuitive.There are more issues than this once you get in and start using it -LRB- read some of the other reviews here -RRB- . PROS -LRB- sort of -RRB- :1 . I guess if you are looking for something basic , the # of templates excites you and you just want to fill in text and a few pics , then this will work for you .2 . If you are dedicated like I was to learn as much as you can about building a website and html/coding , then this is a plus cause this program will force you to learn a lot on your own , do a lot of googling for scripts and looking up answers to your questions in their forums . Dont expect much from the company .3 . If you are willing to stick with it , read , read and read again the help files , visit the forum and read thru solutions there , underneath it all there is a program there that WILL generate web pages for you.Unfortunately , I only built one website with it and then looked elsewhere for software . If you dont want to spend a fortune for Dreamweaver , I would highly recommend checking out Sitespinner or Sitespinner Pro by Virtual Mechanics . I have re-built my wifes site as well as 6 others with it and I find their software to be easy to use and truly more of WYSIWYG . Plus , their user forums are outstanding ! -LRB- and no I dont work for them . Just a satisfied customer -RRB- . You can visit my updated website at -LSB- ... -RSB- Just keep in mind with any software you pick there is always a learning curve . It will take time to figure things out and get the results you want . If you are going to spend $ 50 , look somewhere else and take a pass on Web Easy 7,8 .
 They used to make good products , but they have n't kept up with the industry . Their website is screwy and changes prices according to what so-called `` deal '' or coupon you use . They force you into buying other software before you can download the product you want . And their CSRs are absymal and ask for information already on the email . Any software developer that has a lousy webpage ca n't be a good provider!Perhaps , buying through Amazon will make your purchase smoother , but I have major red flags about this company.Remember , if you have a problem with any Avanquest software , YOU are not the problem , the company and the software is . Get a refund and run like the wind .
 Web Easy Professional aims to let you create a website without knowing anything at all about websites . This is much like trying to create a meal without knowing anything at all about cooking . The best you can ever hope to end up with is a table full of microwaved TV dinners , warmed-up canned food , and instant stuff to which you managed to add the right amount of water . A tasty meal this is n't . Web Easy Professional is much like this . It lets you drag-and-drop pre-cooked image elements , text and a very basic menu structure -- components which may or may not fit together , depending on your choices -- and then exports the whole shebang into a website . That 's it . End of story . It is as easy to use as a toaster ... and just as flexible . As long as you 're content to flesh out a few simple pages with text and a few images using one of the many templates provided -LRB- which are , as templates go , as anonymous as a hotel room -RRB- you 're fine . As soon as you want anything else , you 're stuck . You have no control over what comes out of Web Easy , and the HTML code produced is full of CSS layering , absolute positioning , and Javascript code which does n't always work well but ca n't be fixed . Trying to make edits to the HTML output -LRB- a daunting task at best since Web Easy 's output is rather horrible -RRB- is pointless because the next change made in Web Easy will overwrite your edits , but also defeats the whole purpose of offering a program that makes this unnecessary.In short , the name `` Web Easy ' would be entirely justified . It is very easy to use . The addition `` Professional '' , however , is ludicrous . It 's not professional ; it 's a toy . It 's neither professional nor flexible , powerful or efficient.It 's like the waltzing bear
 I contacted the vendor for help/assistance in regards to a problem I was having . The Support from the company was lacking . If I had known that I would not received the help I would have looked elsewhere . I do not recommend the vendor .
 Not fully compatible with Windows Vista Home Premium . Purchased it because my previous version -LRB- for XP -RRB- would not work with Vista . Guess what , this version of Retrospect also is not fully compatible . My next back-up software will not be Retrospect .
 This product is pretty much the worst piece of software I 've ever used . It was constantly complaining that it could n't connect to the backup server , which required constant intervention . Also , I hated the fact that the backup files were only intelligible to the program itself . I finally gave up and purchased a Seagate USB drive that comes bundled with a great little utility called BounceBack . It works 100 times better than this product .
 I have a small company and have been fighting this product for over two years . It is extremeily slow on backup , slows machines to unusable speed for end users and requires that someone monitor it 's auto scripts . Every time an auto script is supposed to run it find some excuse not to ! It has taken as many as three tries to get it to run an `` Auto '' script once , and the next time it wants confirmation of something else again ! What good is an auto script if you have to confirm USE THIS TAPE 300 times before it will actually use it !!!!!
 It works really good until you really need it -- then , kabloom!First , its oriented towards IT professionals . Secondly , although I had a critical problem within a year of purchasing it , they said I no longer qualified for support.I backed up religiously every month for 9 months , and occasionally restored deleted files that I had also deleted from the recycle bin . But then I lost my boot drive , and it all went to pieces.I followed directions and restored the OS and Retrospect . But when I went to restore the prior state from my external backup disk , Retrospect simply would n't recognize the backups . It kept insisting it need catalog files , so I followed the direction to recreate them , but Retrospect simply would n't recognize these files.Now I can see the files perfectly in Windows Explorer , and I 've checked the disk for errors , so the problem is all with Retrospect.My advice is go with a simpler , more reliable backup solution , like Acronis TrueImage , which I had been using for three years prior to Retrospect , and managed to restore crashed disks twice without a hitch . I feel as dumb as I am sorry I ever switched .
 This is a beloved program that my sons played with when they were young , 15 years ago . Worked perfectly back then . However , this version does n't work on our XP or Vista computers . Very , very disappointed .
 It changed the resolution on my PC and when I tried it on several different computers either does n't work at all or crashes the machine when certain items are clicked .
 It is advertised as Mac Compatible when it clearly is not . You even seem to have cropped the cover so it does n't list compatibility as it does on the package ! I will not be buying from you again !
 The interactive book is really well put together , and it was fun playing with the online book with my four year old , but the BIG PROBLEM is that the CD has lots of glitches . Every minute or so , the screen reverts back to the introduction page no matter where you are in the story , which means that you have to start the story all over , again and again and again . . Not fun ... but I guess you get what you pay for ... at six dollars and some change . .
 WE loved the cd and was purfect but ordered 2 and both started to freeze up and would not continue
 It does not work on newer versions of Windows , nor Mac . It also has ads from America Online all throughout it . I do n't need to PAY for advertisments ESPECIALLY AOL ! AOL IS A VIRUS all in it 's own . I would never have bought this had I known it would n't work with newer versions - and everything I 've looked up for `` patches and repairs '' is a load of crap ! NEVER BUYING from Bruderbund or whatever it is ! I give it an `` F - ''
 The RecipeManager is very misleading and has many errors . The packaging indicates that the recipes include photos , however , there are less than 5 photos . There are typographical and spelling errors . For example , the author inadvertently forgot to include the beef ingredient in the `` Touchdown Beef Chili '' recipe ! I wish I had not bought this product because it was a waste of money .
 I bought this and then found out it requires the CD-ROM disc to be kept in the drive , or it wo n't run . So you ca n't just have an icon on the desktop that your child clicks on and runs the program - they have to put in the right CD and patiently wait while it spins up , and not click the icon impatiently again and such.It ran fine on Vista for as long as it took to install and un-install . I do n't know if the software itself is any good but I do n't want to use copy protected software -LRB- maybe that 's not quite the right word -LRB- very 80s -RRB- but you ca n't just run it from the hard disk , even if you bought the program and only installed it once . -RRB-
 Initially , I thought this was a great product . It kept our son entertained with educational games through two long hot summer afternoons . However , the game is designed so that when you pass level two , it directs you to their website and informs you that if you want to continue , -LSB- ... -RSB- Unfortunately , my son was already excited about earning the `` badges '' and was upset that he ca n't earn all of them without a subscription . NO WHERE on the box is this explained to the consumer . On their website , other parents have complained ; yet , the company feebly replies that it is sorry if subscription requirements are not made clear . Still , it appears as if it has made NO effort to change their packaging . Considering the initial price combined with a yearly membership is close to $ 100 , I would not have bought this if I would have known my son was going to end up disappointed , and I would end up bamboozled .
 We recently purchased this program & my 5 year old was immediately engaged and excited . Once she got to level 2 out of about 12 it tells her to `` get her parent to log on to jumpstart.com and buy a membership '' . I 'm not interested in a $ 75 annual membership and clearly feel that she ca n't get the full benefit of the program I purchased . It would be nice to be able to access the remaining 10 levels without shelling out more $ $ . We 've gone online to use their `` free '' games to see if this allows her to pass to the next level but that does n't work either .
 This is a $ 20 demo . You can only get to level 2 out of 12 before you are directed to a website that wants to rip you off for an additional $ 8 a month . I am incensed about this . It * does * say on the cover `` additional lessons with membership fee '' but for $ 20 I expect to get more than about 4 hours of play out of a game . Very bad business model . Very deceptive packaging as well . Says nothing about only providing two levels of play . I 'll never buy anything from these jerks again . And that 's too bad because they 're the only ones out there with decent computer games for this age group . They really should n't need to resort to tricking people . Did I mention being furious !? I hope some other company comes along and puts these weasels out of business .
 I was very upset with this product . In order to even install the game , you are forced to go to their website and register requiring you give them your email address and childrens names . This name data is fed back to the game to create accounts on the local install.That 's just the start . Turns out that there are really only a couple of small levels on the CD and that to get access to what would normally be a full version of a game , you must sign up for $ 8 monthly . Characters in the game tell your kids to `` get a membership online if you want to go further '' . Freaking unbelievable .
 I purchased this game for my grandson - which he loved , until he found out that he can not progress beyond the 2nd level -LRB- of 12 -RRB- unless a Jumpstart membership is purchased -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- / month -RRB- . Big diappointment !!
 We 've been fans of the jumpstart games for years now as our kids have enjoyed the `` edutainment '' experience . However , this latest jumpstart `` business model '' is EVIL!As others have stated , they only give you the first two levels when you purchase this product for -LSB- ... -RSB- . After that , you are required to purchase an online membership to unlock the other levels.No where is this limitation or `` requirement '' specified on the box . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This was very disaapointing ! The main disc I purchased it for does n't work . My son will not play the ones that do work . Overall this set was a waste of money.Stick with reader rabit its much better and more entertaining.If I could have I 'd given zero stars !
 I bought this as a replacement ; we have had Advanced Kindergarten for a few years , but the CD broke . While it is listed on Amazon as being for Windows 98 / 2000 / Me / XP -LRB- as was the older version -RRB- , this is a newer , totally different version for Windows XP / Vista . I know part of the fault there is Amazon 's , but the makers of the software do not indicate that this is a very different version . So , for starters , it does n't work on my computer . We are now using a different computer that can use it ; now we are dealing with a variety of error messages ; the program wo n't even start . It was an awesome program for about three days . If I ever find out how to get the thing to work again , I 'll come back and edit this review.UPDATE
 This game is contained within a small square , with a black background that swallows the mouse . It is extremely difficult to use , for children and adults . I 've played infinitely better games for a lot less money . I 'm returning this item .
 `` Following was sent to jumpstart.com customer service e-mail : `` To so said interested party @ Jumpstart.comI just purchased the Jumpstart Advanced Kindergarten product for my daughter.My 5 year old is in tears because your product sucks.Required `` Registration '' process and Broadband before even being able to start the program shows the poor minded marketing strategies of your company . We could not complete the registration as we are not on ` broadband ' ... so we canceled out of the `` Essentials '' disc installation . Then we went on to try the Math disc and during the installation it `` encountered a problem '' per your programs notification popup.Collecting demographics and then bundling it with junk extra discs for a customer price point of $ 20 + is really a load of crap.Same posting will be made to online reviews of your product line.RegardsWMRSt Louis Park , MNJumpStart Advanced Kindergarten ''
 Some of the discs did n't load properly . The ones that did I found disappointing . A lot of animation , very little educational benefit . I will not be purchasing further products from this company , and I wish I had read the other reviews before buying .
 Also frustrating for kids . Claims to use some kind of adaptive process to alter difficulty of the game , but this just results in a long list of repetitions of the same game before you get anywhere . Very frustrating for little kids .
 We were very dissatisfied with this product . It is a form of Jumpstart World , and VERY different from the other kindergarten products.My child liked the games inside the `` arcades '' , but walking around the `` world '' was not interesting to her , and they kept commanding her to do things she wanted to do later.Also , it requires an internet connection to start up even though you supposedly are not playing over the internet . Very suspicious in this world of predators . I do not let my children connect online at all , so this game only gets played when I am in the room also .
 The box includes four discs.a -RRB- One of them teaches typing , and it is ok.b -RRB- Two more have issues with my CPU 's speed
 4-5 DVDS in this pack ... the keypad exercise DVD was good but 2 of the main DVDs needed an internet connection to the manufacturer 's website to access ... which I thought was not cool ... and even then something didnt allow me to have continuos access to the software . . a window kept popping up for me to choose a file in the DVD . . and those files that I clicked on lasted 1 min or so . . then the program would stop . . repeat . .
 I truly believe that there was some kind of factory error with this product . I researched and read about this version -LRB- Kindergarten Advanced -RRB- and the reviews said that the goal was to complete the tasks in order to get your car ready for the big race -LRB- hence the picture on the box -RRB- . I purchased the software , installed it and the newest Jumpstart Kindergarten World edition is what came up . This is a completely different game that sells for $ 10 more and is what people are talking about with the monthly subscription . The disks were labeled correctly , but the content was the wrong version . After a lot of pleading the store finally took the product back . It 's unfortunate because the regular Advanced version got good reviews , but obviously this has happened to a lot of people , so I 'm not going to take my chances again .
 My daughter received this as a gift for Christmas . When we tried to install we discovered that is only works on outdated , obsolete operating systems .
 My 5 year old daughter is out there crying right now because this stupid game which does n't come with ANY instructions just made her little doggie disappear and we ca n't find it and there are no directions ! There are only two games to play on the pet playground game and they are lame . I feel like I wasted my money . And we still ca n't find that stupid dog . It 's like torture for your kindergartener !!!
 For Christmas , I purchased this item for my two and half year old son , who is fairly advanced for his age . The program is reccomended for 2-4 . I was totally disappointed in this product . Before you begin to use the product , the child is given an assessment test , which was fairly good . However , it gave you the illusion that the program would be like that , when it is not . Your child is scored and based on the score , the questions are supposed to be geared toward the skills that the child does not know or needs improvement on . First of all the programs were difficult to understand for most adults -LRB- my husband and I are both college educated -RRB- . Both my husband and myself sat down with my son and could not figure out the concept of the games . My son was easily bored with the product and seemed disinterested . He seemed to prefer some of his other computer software , -LRB- School Zone -LRB- preschool -RRB- and Disney for Toddlers . I would tell anyone to invest their money in another software .
 I do n't know what version of this the Amazon seller is carrying , but if you , like me , check reviews here before buying a product in the store , you NEED TO KNOW THIS.I bought the 4-disc JumpStart Advanced Preschool at a physical location , thinking I was buying a multi-level PC game for my son that would keep him busy for many hours . I was wrong . The enclosed `` game '' consisted of ONE world/level that he got through in about 4 hours , and then instructed me to visit the JumpStart website , where in order to continue through the next levels of the game I would have to subscribe to the site for $ 8 a month.On the message boards at that site , there are scores of complaints like this one from angry parents like me who feel they spent upwards of $ 20 for what is essentially a demo game . The response from the Jump Start representative is always some form of
 Warning - A subscription service for $ 8/month is required for 70 % of the game . Do not buy unless you want to pay more monthly or have a crying child who wonders why they can not continue playing the game.See the message board on Jumstart 's website for experiences from upset parents .
 We bought this for our 3 year son who is pretty advance for his age . After about a couple of hours of playing it he had already passed the first two stages and complained he could n't do anymore . When I checked into it , I found out we had to pay a monthly membership online to play the rest of the games !!! What is the point of buying a game when we ca n't play the entire thing !! Do NOT buy this !! It is a rip off . We just paid $ 20 for a sample game !! You can bet we are going to get our money back . Anyone who has bought this should do the same . This was a great disappointment .
 I purchased Jumpstart Preschool for my daughter . The program was installed on my machine running Windows Vista . The program worked for about 5 minutes , then all of a sudden the sound for the game stopped working . I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the program , but nothing would bring the sound back -LRB- sound works on all other programs on the computer -RRB- . I attempted to get help from Jumpstart through the following channels : - 3 Emails sent to customer support - 4 Phone calls placed to technical support -LRB- 4 messages left on their recording -RRB- - 2 Phone calls placed to customer support -LRB- 2 messages left -RRB- - 4 posts on the Jumpstart message board at jumpstart.comALL attempts to contact Jumpstart have failed . I have yet to receive a single response from Jumpstart , and they CAN NOT be reached by phone.In conclusion , the program simply does not work , and the customer service is non-existent . I returned this program back to the store as defective merchandise.STAY AWAY FROM JUMPSTART PRODUCTS !!! -LRB- 1 star is too much -RRB- Do n't just take my word for it . Try calling their customer `` care '' line yourself and see if you get anyone to pickup or answer your call . Their phone number is 1-800-545-7677 . Let us all know how that goes .
 This product makes me so mad . My son and I completed the game within a few days . It shows other places that you can visit , HOWEVER , you can not play in those areas without going online and buying an extremely overpriced membership . I will never buy JumpStart products again .
 Easy to install at first but after a few minutes of playing the sound went out . I tried another day with disc 2 and after a few minutes the picture went out . I called tech . support and was emailed information about a patch which I had to install . After doing so I tried running the game and my computer went black and I could n't do anything with it , after about 2 hours I got my computer up and running again . I called tech support and left a message and I also emailed them but no one got back to me . I am having a bad experinece with this game and the company so i would never recommend this to a friend .
 This says it 's for age 11/2 but it 's way to advanced for a child so young . My son will be 2 in 3 months he has no interest in this game at all . He really loves to move the mouse by himself and I wanted a game we could do together with him playing it under my supervision . My son is interested in the games daddy plays like World of Warcraft which he laughs at all the time and enjoys the graphics of daddy jumping on his wolf , but he wo n't even look at the screen with this Jumpstart game playing.I expected it to be more visually stimulating for children so young but the graphics are horrid and boring.The learning is for older kids who are 3 or older.Not much content either for a $ 20 game , should be $ 10 at most.The game was rather girly with little ducks and butterflys everywhere .
 Beware - if your child wants to play all of the games available you have to pay a monthly fee for a membership . Buying this software only gives you access to a limited number of games . My daughter loves to play the ones available but I do n't think its worth it to pay for the rest . You also have to have the disc in the drive to play and there are 5 discs . It is a pain to have to change discs whenever my daughter wants to change games .
 Since when did the industry consider it appropriate to seize the user 's computer on exit to run commercials for the product you 've already purchased and REQUIRE an internet connection just to play what you 've loaded to your local system ? You can not get more intrusive as an advertiser than that . In addition to such cheesy tactics , this game producer also provides a game for $ 20.00 that has a functionality comparable to a downloadable demo . The child can do precious little in this game , -LRB- without going online to pay MORE for what should have been bundled in the shrink-wrapped version -RRB- and what he can do seems to have had little user testing behind it . It is just a desperately poor implementation bordering on deceptive . Never again ...
 We bought it and found out its a scam ... you ca n't do what it says . You only get letters A-G and have to go online to buy a membership to get the rest of the game . It is n't a one time fee , its a monthly membership . We called Jumpstart and complained , they were rude , nasty , and informed us that they will mail us a non-membership game version , but we have to pay the shipping . No where on the box does it tell you this ... they are totally scamming .
 I have the version that states it works with windows Vista as well . I have not yet gotten to the part where you have to purchase the on-line subscription to go past level 2 , but I keep reading about it ! If that 's not bad enough , both the Advanced Preschool & the Kindergarten mix up circles and ovals and teach that they are opposite of what they really are ! I called customer service three times , talked to a customer service person once who said he had vague rememberance of having heard of this problem once or twice , but was unaware of any patch or downloadable fix for this error . He said he would research it and call me back . I have not heard back after over a month . I also called after that two other times & left messages after being on hold for a long time , but never got any calls back . I bought both preschool & kindergarten as the 4 disc bundle pack -LRB- with bonus disc -RRB- at Costco & am planning to take them back !
 This product does not run in OS X it only runs in classic mode yet on the order page it makes NO mention of this . I will be returning it . There is no excuse for shipping a product that does not run in the native OS it claims it does.It is also buggy with the audio cutting out between each scene change until you muddle with turning the audio up or down to restore the audio . Shameful .
 Microsoft moved everything around so you ca n't find it anymore . Forget about My Computer and the File Menu . I give Microsoft 1 thumb down for that . Also , most existing hardware is n't compatible with Vista . Another thumb down.I upgraded from Windows 2000 , but had 2 problems . First of all , the upgrade did a ` clean install ' removing all installed programs . Second , Vista wo n't install on a FAT32 partition . I had to convert it to NTFS first . I had to restart the installation 4 times before it finally worked.Home Basic lacks the Aero interface and Windows Media Center . I really do n't care , because I do n't want more buggy bloatware hogging my system resources anyways . For some reason Media Player 11 ca n't open as many file types as Media Player 9 . I do n't get it.Vista also comes with Internet Explorer 7 and Tabbed browsing . I do n't like the Tabs , because a separate window works better for me . Also the Phishing Filter really slows down web browsing performance . As a workaround , I use the Firefox web browser instead.Vista also comes with Windows Defender by default . When I run a scan , AdAware by Lavasoft still finds Spyware anyways . Windows Defender seems ineffective.I really do n't see any compelling reasons to upgrade from XP to Vista . Upgrading from Win2k to Vista was ok , but the system overhead just is n't worth it . If you do n't have 1gb of RAM , 20gb of free disk space and 256mb of video RAM , it 's hardly worth the trouble installing this bloatware.Also , since I installed Vista , Windows Update installed almost 70 patches and bug fixes . Even though I bought what was supposedly bug free tested software , my buggy OS has to get patches more than once a month . XP and Win2k seem more stable .
 I bought the vista upgrade with my dell computer . I tried to install and half way through the set up , after it had uninstalled my old programs , I got a message to abort . The abort left me with a damaged media program , and thus far I have spent over $ 400 trying to re-connect damaged files and programs . My best advice is to wait until Microsoft gets the `` kinks '' out of the vista program and then buy the upgrade .
 Vista looks nice graphically and on a new Core 2 Duo laptop runs pretty fast on 2 GB of memory . The problem with Vista is that its pretty buggy and Internet explorer freezes and closes on me at least once everytime I use it . I do n't have many things installed on my laptop and only use it for school and surfing the web but compared to XP this OS is far less stable and would not recommend upgrading right now . Copying files or moving them takes kinda long , for some reason it has to tell you that is has to calculate the time to move/copy the files before actually starting to do it . Windows Vista Basic comes with NO games , not even minesweeper , hearts or solitaire , I found that annoying . Over the past 3 months my laptop has frozen twice , and I had to manually hold down the power button to power off . The number of times Internet Explorer has frozen or Windows Explorer has n't responded is countless and numerous , respectively . On the plus side , sidebar that can show the date and time is nice and it is compatible with my HP Deskjet 842C -LRB- relatively old -RRB- , I have n't had any problems syncing with my bluetooth Sony Ericsson phone -LRB- although it says it ca n't find the driver for the cell phone I am still able to transfer files which I do n't understand -RRB- . I think overall Microsoft could have made a lot more changes to make the graphical interface a lot more intuitive and hassle-free . There are no visible significant improvements over XP therefore I can not give this program any sort of recommendation in its current state .
 This Dog do n't hunt ! it ca n't even run basic graphic games worth a hoot.Just `` Pista '' away lots of money on a new system with 1.5 gig of mem and 256 pci-ex video and ca n't even run CS or DOD.Wow thanks for the 5 year wait on this junk.Now I 've got to buy XP again . Ca n't downgrade Lic .
 I am very disappointed in Vista . It took about 12 hours to install and now my computer is extremely slow . I would absolutely NOT recommend it .
 The Vista set up is nice but is buggy and incompatible with a lot of games and upgrades .
 I tried writing a review on this product and it did not pass the approval process to be displayed by Amazon Customers , Why ? I have reviewed many products without being rejected . I was not cursing or saying bad things about this vendor , Just the Truth . I would give this Vendor a rating of 0 if possible . Let 's see if Amazon would let a low review be seen by Amazon Customers ? Will not buy from this Vendor Ever !
 Who ever sold it to me did n`t uninstalled from his system ! So when I tried to activate it would not activate . Only buy it if you lost your original media !
 First of all , I would like to thank WIRTHBUYING for sending me this software . I was able to get it within a week.Now onto the `` Buyers Beware : '' You NEED / HAVE to be exact with what you 're upgrading the software from.I had `` Windows XP Professional '' and this upgrade would n't do it . I basically spent a whole day trying to force the software into my crappy , about $ 100 frankenstein monster of a computer before I decided to use the CD of Vista HB -LRB- that 's from the crashed computer I still have , WITH THE CODE STILL ON IT BTW -RRB- and just do a CLEANSE THE EARTH WITH FIRE install . Everything 's gone and now I have to start over again . But atleast I have a current OS.So yes , you MUST be exact with what you 're upgrading from . Do n't just look at how great the deal is and be an idiot like me . : -RRB-
 The product key was invalid or did not match DVD supplied , hence could not install software . I would not recommend buying this !
 The CD was a little more than `` slightly used '' . It would not upgrade in either of my computers even though my machines met all of the requirements . Now I 'm stuck with a $ 50.00 useless CD . I ca n't even give it away . Literally .
 I installed this after doing everything that I was supposed to do before installation . It messed up my computer and I had to have XP reinstalled , now you ca n't buy XP anymore and I am sorry to see it go . Vista , I wish you would go .
 If you 're considering upgrading to Vista , please do n't . It 's not worth your time and money.Everybody has -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- experienced the Windows problem
 Hi , Does it work for installing Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic UPGRADE -LSB- DVD -RSB- on new Macbook Pro after installing a Parralel Desktop .3 . ???? please advisewith many thanks .
 Remember how nice and stable Windows 98SE was ? It took me forever to get comfortable with Windows XP Pro . Okay , so after a couple of years , XP Pro and I are finally reasonably comfortable with each other . Now I buy a laptop that comes with Vista Home and I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT !!! Go ahead . Ignore me . Update . But do n't say that I did n't warn you !!!
 Please note that the notes under `` Product Features '' are incorrect . You can not `` upgrade '' from XP Professional to Vista Home Basic with this DVD . You will be prompted early in the upgrade process that XP Pro can only be upgraded to Vista Business , Enterprise , or Ultimate . You are however given the option to do a `` clean install '' of Vista Home Basic , thus wiping out all your software and files.Not good Microsoft -- people want to know the details before they order !
 You can not use this version to do a clean install in a different partition than your XP SP2 . If you want to run both XP and Vista you must buy a full edition version . XP allowed you to do this .
 I was a hard core windows user before vista was released and I bought two powerfull computers with it preinstalled . After having it installed for a couple of months I have delete it off both machines . On NEW hardware you can expect
 I bought a new PC last week and maxed it out with a gig of ram and 512 video card ... Vista was preinstalled ... These are the basic specs of the PC I have : AThlon 64 X2 dual core processor2 Gig memory DDR 2250 SATA HDDnot only did this thing run slow ... I found out that a lot of my old software would n't work ... what gives ???? I ran Company of Heroes -LRB- seemingly a surefire bet considering the upgrades -RRB- and that crawles like I was trying to run this on a minimum spec ` ed machine ... and mind u I bought this new AND did upgrades -LRB- an extra 250 dollars worth -RRB- so I wound up spending a nice part of Saturday reformatting the HDD and putting XP back on my machine and viola ! I really get to see whta kind of power I am working with ... for those of you thinking about going back to XP , do it and wait until Vista gets figured out ... it 's 250 dollar resource hog and it wo n't be on my machine for a little while ... and while u are at it ... please be sure to back up your drivers files ...
 These days , everybody has a computer , most of them are Windows XP compatable . Surprisingly , Microsoft recently made a lot of hype with their next edition of lone-lasting Windows , the Windows Vista . The operating system has had a lot of momentum , but sadly when I tried the upgrade of the system , it did n't really work as good as Windows XP did . Although there are a lot of great features here like Windows Media Player 11 , and the new Internet Explorer 7 with a specialized filter that scan for phishing and identity theft . Sadly , the loading time is much , much slower than my other operating systems , and a lot of programs that are Windows XP capable , are n't really working properly with the new operating system . If you have a computer that is capable with Windows Vista 's compatability , you are definitely better off passing it up , and sticking with your current operating system for now.Price
 Another horrible product by MicroSatan . XP is much better , and much faster . If you love to waste your time and money , buy this junk . I 'm sure that little freak -LRB- bill gates -RRB- would love to take your money , and , as usual , provide horrible customer service . If you have XP , keep it . Or save your money and buy a Mac .
 This order is fulfilled by `` Nothing But Software '' but they do n't send you a retail box version . They sent me a DVD snap case with the words `` Service Desk Upgrade '' on it.I 'm not sure what this is so I have to return it .
 Years ago Microsoft opted for the business market . In their mind , that required the user to give up the idea of a `` personal computer '' and become part of a multi-user system that somebody else controlled . That philosophy , while evidently hugely lucrative , has finally come a cropper in Vista . Now , even the administrator does n't have automatic priviledges . I 'm sick of getting messages that say `` Permission Denied '' - reminds me of so many bad sci-fi movies.Unfortunately , I could only do one or two things to stop the horrendous features of this new operating system :1 . Went on-line to learn how to turn off the indexing feature . Not easy but well worth the effort . Now my machine does n't go into apoplexty for 20 minutes every few hours , thrashing the hard drive . Highly recommended .2 . Turned off the pre-load function . Vista tries to guess what programs you want and is always loading/unloading stuff .3 . Made the administrator account visible and made myself have Administrator account priviledges . Believe it or not , this still does n't stop all the annoying messages but does stop most of them.The things I could n't stop and I hate include :1 . MS reoganized the My Documents folders . Things that used to be in it are now at an equal level to it , such as Pictures , etc. . By the way , they also changed to name to just Documents but sometimes it shows up as My Documents . What a mess .2 . They moved Documents to a different tree hierarchy in the C
 All right , my parents bought a laptop with this horrible OS on it . I thought that their complaints simply came from a lack of familiarity ... until I sat down with Vista . Oh , for the love of whatever God you pray to , it is horrible . Even with a dual-core processor it takes forever to load , and it is constantly asking you if you 're sure you want the computer to perform whatever basic function you have clicked on ! It looks very pretty , however they have re-named essential functions -LRB- such as the `` Add/Remove Programs '' icon in the Control Panel -RRB- thus making simple actions frustrating beyond all belief . I can not begin to list the compatibility issues with this OS -LRB- if you have purchased a new computer with Vista , downgrading becomes nie unto impossible due to the lack of drivers for the `` new '' components -RRB- . It is a soul-sucking experience which I shall never forget , and never wish to relive.I have never encountered such a useless OS , unless you count Mac . XP was perfection , and if you are looking to upgrade , do not do it ! Just stick with XP until Microsoft remedies this mistake . I rated it a `` One '' because I can not rate it a `` ZERO . `` Now , since my dad does not have an amazon account and wishes to warn the public at large against purchasing this OS , I will now let him take the reins and give you his opinion of Windows Vista Home Premium ... The only thing premium about this operating system is the screwing you 'll take from Bill Gates . I ca n't even downgrade it because Toshiba does n't even have the drivers available to do so . Only a person with a more profound sense of profanity could reveal the true nature of my displeasure with this system . If you are considering purchasing this system please do n't , ... unless you enjoy being tortured on a daily basis .
 Wow , I really hate Vista . Slow as can be . I just bought a brand new Gateway PC with the most powerful dual core processor available . I have huge amounts of memory and an excellent graphics card . My computer is so slow , even though I closed Aero and all the other fancy stuff that makes it look cool . It seems like the computer is trying to run 100 programs at once , even though only 2 or 3 are open . Programs keep crashing . And what in the world is the Windows Desktop Manager ? It keeps messing up and closing my programs while I 'm working . My husband and I really want to downgrade to XP , which ran our programs much more smoothly , but we are reluctant to pay the money to buy the full version after spending so much on a computer with Vista . If you have XP , do n't waste your money upgrading until you 've done some research and are sure you want to take the chance .
 This operating system is horrid . So many of my old programs and accessories do n't work . Imagine having to throw out a $ 400 PDA because Microsoft decided to include some new syncing software and screw over everyone just because . . well they think they are being innovative by doing so ? I really am going to look at Microsoft alternatives after this computer reaches the end of its life cycle .
 Microsoft has really abused its monopoly in forcing this POS on us . Still really buggy . My computer turns off and on when I do n't want it to . So many pop-up windows asking you if you really want to do this or that - very frustrating . Also extremely slow - do n't try running it on a machine with less than the 2GB RAM ; even then it is not a high performance OS . I started with a 1GB system and it would freeze up and crash constantly and just take forever to open programs . Vista kind of reminds me of windows 98 - all the crashing and waiting for it to load .
 Buyers Beware !! This OS came with my new Dell Laptop , and it is so slow . Boot time is about 2-3 minutes . Opening a folder sometimes takes up to 10 seconds . Installing software and updating via broadband takes an eternity . I could n't stand it anymore after about a week of use and had to go back to XP which I thankfully have a copy of because no more of my money is going to microsoft after this vista garbage of an os .
 I tried Vista for 44 days for free and I nearly threw up . Everything that I downloaded asked me 3 questions before I could have access to them . The first was run , save , or cancel . Then it would ask me to cancel or allow . And then it would ask me to cancel or allow AGIAN as if I was n't sure I clicked the right button the first time . Most of my software can run on Vista , but they run as slow as a 1982 Dell Inspiron . Games that I was getting 20-30 fps I 'm now getting 2-5 fps . Flight Simulator X to be one of them . God only knows if the game will even run if I try to put up the scenery . Even on the back of most boxes on the OS requirement notice how the Vista RAM is two times higher than Xp . It 's a RAM eater . Xp was no dream OS , but I would rather have Xp home than any kind of Vista . Even though it will take 5 years , just wait for the next OS to come out . Hopefully Microsoft learned something out of this all .
 It has loads of functionality and a pretty nice interface , but I ca n't use it for work purposes , but because I 've got a blue screen every hour or so.Sometimes , I just ca n't use it . The point is that , due to these problems , I have n't installed anything . It 's basically Vista , Office and Norton Internet Security and it crashes like hell.My computer is not bad , it 's an Intel Duo Core -LRB- 3Ghz -RRB- with 3Gb RAM and a 160GB HD . I do n't have performance issues , when it runs . But that does n't happen often .
 I recently bought a new laptop and it came equipped with Vista . I was very excited to try the new operating system so I went home , opened the box , and turned on the computer . It took at least five minutes to get the thing running after I entered all of my info , so I thought mabye it was a one time start up thing . I messed around a bit and realized that everything was going so slow ! I decided to restart the computer in hopes that mabye it was just because it was the first time that it had been on . I was wrong . Once again it took forever to start up and then continued to run very slowly . Yesterday I sent it off to get downgraded to XP . In my opinion Vista is not a practical way to run your computer . Yes , it is very pleasing aesthetically , but that is not what a computer is about . I definitely do not recommend this product .
 I got my hands on Vista not that long ago ; actually two days ago to be more exact and so far all I encountered was problem after problem after problem : CON 'S : Wireless connectivity is HARD and damn near impossible to set-up unless you LITERALLY got the Windows Vista bible with you on hand.Certain programs WO N'T WORK with Vista ; Adobe , iTunes , and a certain number of games will not work for Vista either.It freezes like CRAZY!It takes at LEAST 30 gig 's worth of HD space and it needs another 20 gig 's to store Window 's files.It takes a 2 gig 's of RAM just to run Vista smoothly -LRB- and for you cheap people out there that think that they can run Vista on 256 MB 's of RAM , think again because Vista came preloaded with software to see if your computer can run Vista , if it can not , it WILL NOT INSTALL ! -RRB- . You need a Direct X 9.0 64 MB video card -LRB- or more Video RAM -RRB- to run Vista.It takes dual-core processor 's -LRB- yes you can not run Vista with one processor and it better be at LEAST 2.0 GHz a piece too -RRB- . SECURITY : Vista came LOADED with bugs and holes that hackers have ALREADY hacked into Vista exposing a bug in the system where you think you registered it but it comes back telling you have to re-register it but the Trojan Horse will ask you to put in your ATM number ; if you see this , DO NOT DO IT because it is the Trojan Horse.PRO ` SIt has a very beautiful GUISo if your thinking about getting Vista , DO NOT GET IT ! If you buy a computer preloaded with Vista , I say take it back and have it re-installed with XP , I would not recommend Vista to NO ONE unless they come out with another Service Pack that comes preloaded with a NUMBER of security features , so please DO NOT TOUCH Vista with a 30 foot pole , ignore Vista like the black plague !
 What are the guys at Microsoft Thinking ??? Windows 3.1 , a bad imitation of Mac , Windows 95 ... better , but still no Mac , Windows ME too bad to review , XP okay give or take the constant patching , a usable operating system , which is user friendly and reasonably trouble free , give or take security vulnerabilities.Windows Vista , -LRB- which was the only option available with my newest laptop -RRB- , is constantly crashing , will not run any software not specifically designed for it , including software I bought after the computer , for example Print Shop Deluxe -LRB- which made my DVD drive disappear to the computer , and I had to get tech support to find it again -RRB- and School House Fonts , both of which I need to use all the time when doing work for my wife 's Kindergarten class -LRB- the reason I got this lap-top for in the first place was to do this kind of work in our room rather than going to one of our Desk Top PC 's -RRB- , and including some that stated they were compatible , for Example Roxio 9 deluxe . The wireless connection is constantly fritzing out , and it wont network with our XP PC 's , or TiVo.Hopefully , the near universal disappointment with this version of Windows will result in a miraculous patch to resolve the issues , and the Next version will actually be an improvement.My advice is hang onto your XP as long as you can , unless you are changing all of your computers at the same time , and in that case , maybe look at Apple , for me neither option was feasible , but such is life.I hope you have better luck !
 I asked Dell to include XP Professional instead of Vista in my new laptop , but it apparently was not an option . I am extremely disappointed with Vista . I reminds me of the old days with Apple where almost every operation had to be restarted . First of all , Vista is slow , slow . It is so overloaded that it has chronic indigestion . It will randomly rearranges your desktop icons , it updates in the middle of jobs and will not go away until you have sat through the upgrade/restart process . There are constant interruptions as it works its way through corrections and randomly quits programs for '' unexpected shutdowns . '' XP is a great operating system , stay with it .
 Bought a new computer last winter and Dell said it was Vista capable , so when Vista came out , I bought it and installed it , not a problem , but it sure dragged my computer performance down . Everything ran sloooooowww and none of my programs would work on it , ie Roxio , my Mp3 player couldnt get updates -LRB- sansa -RRB- , System Mechanic wouldnt work , my download times were extremely slow . My printer wasnt recognized , my sound card driver wouldnt install . These are just the things I can remember 2 months later , there were several other problems with it . After one month I had enough and re-installed XP . Maybe it will be nice after they get all the bugs out , but for now , its not for me . Too bad I spent the $ 150 .
 Fool me once ... , July 1 , 2007By P. Oh -LRB- CA USA -RRB- - See all my reviewsI needed a new laptop right around the Vista launch and purchased a HP preinstalled with Windows Vista . I was initially pleased with the Aero Graphics and Search Capabilities -LRB- which after the Search capabilities in XP was n't too hard -RRB- . I decided that i wanted to have one operating system on all my computers and got the upgrade for my 2.5 year old Sony Desktop ... Big Mistake ! Immediately my Video and Sound card did n't work . Rather than trying to spend interminable hours trying to fix them i purchased a new Video Card and Sound card - that 's progress right ? Ok ... after some futzing around with the `` Windows Experiece '' ratings ???? i got the Aero graphics to work and the sound as well . Woops - need more memory so i sprung for that as well ... alway 's need more memory right ? So far so good with my wallet emptied by an additional $ -LSB- ... -RSB- before the Vista upgrade . Unfortunately my DVD and CD ROM Drives stopped working mysteriously and i had no way to save any files . Vista would always hopefully suggest that it would magically connect to the internet and find the solution in its big database in the sky but with all my problems it never came up with one single suggestion . Grrrr ... ok , now how about installing my favorite game ... Madden NFL ' 06 . Hey , its only 2007 ... it should work right ? Wrooooonngggggg !!!! Ok . . now i 'm sick of it and going back to Windows XP and reinstalling everything thinking maybe i should have just bit the bullet and went Mac !
 After trying it on three computers I have to say that this is the absolute worst version of Windows since ME , quite possibly WORSE . On all systems I have been plagued with system hangs , crashes , waiting minutes for a window to open and problem after problem where windows ca n't find included files -LRB- the windows \ system32 folder is filled with garbage -RRB- . I have now done away with over $ 600 worth of licences and gone back to XP because at least with XP I can be sure my computer will work again the next time I turn it on .
 If they hand out laptops in hell I 'm sure they have Windows Vista installed on them . Keep in mind the 5 or 10 people who actually produced this load are allowed to write reviews on here as well .
 Windows Vista is horrible . What was microsoft thinking ? I own theGATEWAY MX6453 - Notebook Computerwhich started out with Windows XP with a mail in upgrade for this Vista disc . This is my first time having XP or vista . So , After using XP for a few months before upgrading to vista , judging from my last computer , which hadMicrosoft Windows 98 Second Edition , I figured that Microsoft knows what they 're doing when it comes to creating new Windows Operating systems . But not this time . Vista is worse thanMicrosoft Windows 95 . At first it was , As Mary J. Blige put it , Just Fine . Then problems have gone downhill since then . Certain softwares stopped working properly and now , they do n't work at all . Uninstalling and re-installing does n't work . Not only that , The DVD/RW drive wo n't make burns and wo n't read certain discs . Now , the only thing my laptop has become good for is for using the internet . Vista has made all of my other computer options dead to me . If anyone is considering upgrading from XP to Vista , DO N'T . You 'll be sorry . Even Windows 98 is better than this .
 I got a new VAIO and could n't find one with XP so had to get the latest unproven version of Monopoly with it aka - Vista.The only good thing about it is that it is visually appealing but that is probably part of what makes it so sloooooooooooooow.The bad - it is sloooooooooow , it crashed right out of the box , seems to not like Flash player , Explorer crashed a number of times just browsing the web , you have to play 20 questions every time you want to install something , its sloooooooooooooooow and this computer has 2 GIGs of RAM - there just is n't that much useful stuff that an OS could have to require anywhere near 2GIGs of RAM.As soon as I booted it up for the first time and tried to shut down from the start menu , it would n't shut down and it did n't say anything , just would n't shut down so I had to manually power it off.The screen flickers on and off at various times when Vista is doing certain things which is strange and sloooooooow but does n't seem to hurt anything.The touch pad comes with default settings that make it very difficult to move the cursor while staying in the current application or web page . If you dig a little bit you can shut that annoying feature off , otherwise your browser starts jumping from site to site if you are using the touch pad to move the pointer.If you are using something like WordPress that has JavaScript pop-ups to add a URL to your article you can temporarily disable that but it is very temporary and is n't clear how to make it permanent for specific sites.It is better than Windows `` crash '' Millenium , does n't hold a candle to XP thus far . Unless you have to , do n't get Vista , stick with XP . There is so far no compelling reason to upgrade even if they were giving away the upgrades free of charge .
 Stick with XP for as long as you can . Buy a Mac . Get Linux . Cut a wide berth around Vista.See my little story below.We bought a brand new HP Pavillion with Windows Vista Home Edition pre-installed . Hooked it up to the home network . The Vista machine did not see the XP machines on the network , and the XP machines did not see Vista.Extensive resarch in help and online did not help.Called MS to get free 90-day support . They sent me to HP since Vista was pre-installed . Policy!Called HP to get free support . They asked me inane administrative questions unrelated to my problem for 20 minutes , I had to talk to three different people in India , some of them with an accent so bad I had a hard time understanding it . Then told me since this was a network problem , there was no free support , and some external service vendor would have to take care of it . Price point
 My experience with Vista has been terrible . It was the only option when I bought my laptop so I had no choice . It seems very unstable and crashes all the time . It freezes on me on average about once a day , causing me to boot down my computer by holding the power button down , which is n't good for the laptop . The Aero interface looks nice , but it 's totally unnecessary and takes up too much ram . I am probably going to `` upgrade '' to XP . It 's familiar and stable . Linux is also an option , but I only have basic experience with it and do n't want to dual boot quite yet . So anyway , if you are on the fence about Vista , do n't do it . Wait awhile until it 's more stable .
 Vista does not work well at all ! Microsoft will not support there own product . Most digital Cams & scanners doe not work . Programs which worked with windows 98 dot not run . The product is junk . Do not buy it !
 I have been eagerly anticipating the release of Windows Vista for years and pre-ordered it on Amazon before it came out . When it arrived on my doorstep in February , I immediately formatted my HD and installed a fresh copy of the OS on my computer . Several hours later , I began test driving Vista for the first time and was thoroughly disappointed . The new OS has many problems and shortcomings . After five years of development , I ca n't believe Microsoft could put out such an inferior product . Windows XP is clearly a better operating system when compared with Vista . I do n't want to get into too many technical specifics with this review , however I will say that Vista is unstable and manages resources inefficiently . Some Vista `` features '' are flat out annoying . Furthermore , it 's quite difficult to get drivers and other software that were designed for XP to correctly and easily work on Vista . It is an undeiable failure for Microsoft and will give an opportunity for competing operating systems -LRB- like Mac OS and Linux -RRB- to offer better alternatives .
 Wait to purchase this overpriced money vacuum ! Microsoft is not advertising the fact their `` new '' operating system is incompatible with almost every preexisting software NOT manufactured in Redmond , Washington . I installed the Vista Home Premium operating system today . After more than an hour with the technology support people who gave up and told me they would call me back in 36 hrs with my problem , I have the operating system installed and running and discovered I can not sync my brand new Palm Treo 700w Smartphone with the `` new '' operating system . With XP now problem using the Active Sync software . So I even go so far as to load a Microsoft Mobile PC Sync and even it is incompatible with Vista . I 'm going back to my Macs and I am staying on them . Of course I wo n't go into the fact , I had to remove about four other programs including Norton internet security software and a Data Security Suite I had previously installed on my computer . I am afraid to try and install any other software or programs to my laptop in fear of throwing more money down the drain due to incompatibility issues .
 Just got my new laptop with Vindows Vista . First impression - even the simplest tasks take hours to figure out ! BUGS BUGS BUGS everywhere . Slow and unresponsive on a dual-core with 3G of ram ! Thinking of returning the laptop and getting a Mac .
 Similar to some other reviewers , I had no choice but Windows Vista Home Premium when I bought a laptop not too long ago . Right out of the box I noticed that it was blocking some startup applications ... which ones , and why , I still do n't know , but I am relatively sure they must be innocuous since they were pre-installed . Another major annoyance is the all too frequent automatic updating ... I 've had it decide to reboot on me at the worst possible times , and beware if you choose restart later , because it wo n't be long , and it assumes you mean yes if it does n't hear from you right away . I can only think of two positive aspects
 All of a sudden Windows Media did n't work , as I could n't burncd 's with all of the tracks , and dvd 's did n't play . If you have a choice . do n't buy it .
 It 's difficult for me to type this , even now after months of careful reflection . I 'm still a relatively young man , and I do n't have a family.I purchased a new laptop from a Dell affiliate and Vista Home was pre-installed . After a few short days , I upgraded to the `` Enterprise '' edition . I ca n't say with certainty if the forthcoming review is an accurate statement on the `` Home '' edition as my experience was so limited.The aforementioned events took place about 7 months ago , so I 'm a bit foggy on my initial impression of the O.S. . In addition , since I installed the O.S. my drinking has increased tenfold . Maybe the tendency was already there , but I would like to think something pushed me to the drink , rather than some predisposition . Specifically , I 'm quite confident that `` something '' was Windows Vista.Most reviews of the O.S. are bad , and I agree with every one of the sentiments and specific technical problems mentioned above . I 'm not going to waste your time re-hashing the wireless internet connectivity failures , blue screen on reboot , routine tasks that now take many times longer than they did under XP , lack of NVidia compatibility , the fact that when you defrag it says something to the effect of `` this will take several minutes to several hours '' rather than give you a simple status bar , etc. . . What the reviews fail to communicate effectively , however , is the extreme and outrageous turmoil a man endeaurs when subjecting himself to the O.S.When navigating the O.S. , you are frequently subjected to a barrage of tedium that you have likely not experienced in many years , if at all . The reason is that rudimentary functions on which you have come to rely either a -RRB- no longer work or ; b -RRB- work very poorly , and by that I mean , SLOWLY . It is not infrequent , and frankly , it is not limited to a few obscure functions that I feel could be corrected with a patch/update ... Unfortunately , the entire kernel of the O.S. seems to be fundamentally flawed . I 've heard that the O.S. is very resource demanding , which logically implies that furnishing it with a substantial rig should fix the problems ... I disagree . First of all , my computer is top of the line . Secondly , the problems cited in all of these reviews are not indicative of hardware limitations ... they 're indicative of lousy programming . There 's no reason why cutting and pasting has to be more tedious than threading a needle while drunk -LRB- I should know , sadly -RRB- . The bottom line is this
 This is the worse OS that I have ever worked with . I am sick and tired of fighting with it everytime I just want to rename a file . -LRB- the pointer keeps changing into a `` clock '' and booting me out of the prompt -RRB- . I ASSume that its the indexer , but am tired of dealing with it and the many other things this joke of an OS does to use up resources . -LRB- btw , I bought a very highend system that had vista home premium preloaded -RRB- Dont get vista !!
 I recently purchased a new computer on which Vista was loaded . For your own good if you have XP stay with it as long as you can . - In the years I had XP I had next to no lockups . Lockups are an almost daily event with Vista . - Much of the software of other vendors is incompatible with Vista . Occasionally Vista will warn you before you install the software but many times it does not and you suffer the consequences . - At times if you need to stop a program using the Taskmaster , the Taskmaster window will not appear . - There are times when you try to shut down the system but the system locks up.There are numerous problems with this OS but enough to say that it is just one rung above Microsoft 's Millenium !
 Safety and security seem to be the supreme obsessions in the West these days , and Windows Vista is the epitome of this paranoia . It is so intensely concerned with keeping out the bad guys that its myriad defense mechanisms interfere with your workflow all the time . Switch off the incredibly annoying `` User Account Control '' function straigt away , or even the simple start of a program will grey out your screen and confront you with a pop-up demanding your approval for going on.To be sure , the new interface looks pleasantly slick - but it consumes CPU power and RAM at a frightening rate . I have 4Gb ram in my system , and find 40 % of it being used even when I am merely looking at my desktop doing nothing . I can not image this OS running smmothly on a less than 2 GB system.Then there are numerous compatibilty problems . My graphics card performance has decreased markedly , producing red an green edges around small white print . One of my favourite programs , the music notation package Sibelius , has major Vista related problems during score playback . The 3D design software Cinema 4D , which ran stable as a rock under XP , will crash unpredictably under Vista.Good news ? I like the increased , easy accessibility of files . The little pop-ups showing you what is on the task bar are helpful -LRB- though the option of putting open windows on your desktop as 3D stacked screenshots is a bit of a gimmick -RRB- . Basic functionality generally runs smoothly.Vista Home Premium came pre-installed on my new PC , and it is already hard to get non-Vista systems . However , if you are thinking of upgrading your old system , my advise would be to wait until software has caught up with the new OS , and hardware drivers are more widely available and bug-free . For me , getting Vista at this point in time has done no good at all to my PC experience as compared to my old XP SP1 machine .
 Was told that MS Office 2003 will not work with Vista , my computer has crashed 3 times in the last week , so I guess I will hope MS Office 2007 will work with it - I bought a Dell and they did not give me the option of getting XP with it.I have had the computer for about a week now and there appears to be nothing great about the Vista OS .
 Microsoft Windows Vista Home Primium FULL VERSION -LSB- DVD -RSB- Part No . X12-2416-02 DVD was warped ! Additionally the labelwas printed off center . It vibrated . It was totally unreadable.It came in a big plastic box - not a DVD case nor a jewel case.The box had `` Made in Puerto Rico '' printed on the side . For $ 227.97 -LRB- $ 218.99 + $ 8.98 shipping -RRB- one would expect a usableproduct.If I 'm to believe this product was indeed manufactured inPuerto Rico ; then Microsofts ' Puerto Rico operation lackssufficient - and as far as I 'm concerned any - qualitycontrol . Be WARNED ! I ca n't believe this was the onlyphysically defective DVD Microsoft ever produced.Since my purchase I called up Microsoft and they replaced my disc for free . At least they back their product . Thanks .
 I have had such a miserable experience with this product that , for the first time ever , I felt compelled to write a review . I have been happy using Windows since windows 3.x and this is by far the worst software they have ever let out the door . I 'm seriously considering abandoning windows altogether . I always thought those people you hear bad mouthing Microsoft were nut jobs ... now I 'm not so sure .
 If I could give this thing negative stars I would . My old XP laptop crashed so I had to buy a new one . Unfortunately , that meant getting stuck with Vista . I would not recommend this product to anyone , particulary those upgrading and expecting to make use out of any older products you have already purchased .1 . I have only been able to install 1 of my older programs on this system , including ones I just purchased within the last few months . I ca n't even uninstall the last program I TRIED to install .2 . Runs slower than XP .3 . Imagine going into the grocery store and they decided to move every product in the store around . And worse yet , they changed the packaging . imagine how much time it would take to do your shopping . Now you have a sense of what using Vista is like ! 4 . In general , the windows -LRB- including Microsoft office -RRB- are cluttered . Visually very noisy .5 . I do n't know if this is a driver issue or Vista , or both , but the cursor on this thing jumps around while you are typing . All of a sudden you are inserting text in some other place in your document .6 . I have n't dug into the security issues yet , but my guess is that these annoying popup messages to ask for permission to do something -LRB- well everything -RRB- will turn out to be useless frustrations.And I have n't even tried to install my old hardware -LRB- such as printers -RRB- to this discusting piece of a product yet . I do n't know why anyone would give this thing a positive rating , unless they work for Microsoft , own microsoft stock , or are geeks who love to spend hours fighting with technology . I am not one of those people , and can not understand why microsoft would ever release such a horrible product . Instead of considering `` user friendly '' technology -LRB- which i do n't think they have tried yet -RRB- , they need to step back and consider implenenting `` customer usability '' technology . I only bought a Window 's system because I was worried about making use of my older software . Given that I have n't been able to use most of my older software , i should have bought the Apple machine . So if you have considered buying an Apple in the past but have been worried about compatability issues , now is the time to jump ship -LRB- i do not work for Apple or own their stock , but I am now an anti-microsoft person -RRB- .
 I bought a new computer this year with Vista premium on it . It 's a beautiful program -- great graphics but is horrible to work with . It has so many security features that the program bogs itself down and is so slow . Stick with XP -- the exciting features on this are n't worth the hassle of dealing with it .
 got this product and it wouldent even install . Did n't like the dvd drive i have in my computer , said i needed the driver disk for it which i dont have because it is a generic dvd drive . If they want me to get a newer dvd drive just so it will install , they should send me one because the one i have works just fine .
 Sooner or later windows will get what they deserve . people will wake up to see the shameful tricks they play . Like you get a machine and ALL of your old software has to have a PAID upgrade . When it was working just fine . but windows and the folks at Microsoft make deals with software companies and both are happy . The company like quickbooks for example are happy because for quickbooks to work on Vist a you are REQUIRED to pay for a new version.This really should be illegal . If I was a New computer user and i was about to but all new software anyway . it would be a lil better -LRB- but whatever you do stayy away from ACT ! -RRB- anyway . The siple soultion is to buy a mac.That is what ill do . I had a mac from 10 years ago and guess what ? when i called mac they will install all my old stuff for FREE . It is part of their service . I just deaperately need a good data base and i left apple years ago over aa data base.Anyway thats it . Viste means View in spanish and the view to me is one of greed and garbage .
 I tried this for 10 days on a lovely new top-of-the-line HP . The computer was great . Vista sucks . After 10 days of headaches , I had to return the computer -LSB- because HP would n't rebuild it with XP -RRB- , and buy a not-quite-as-impressive -LSB- though still nice -RSB- Dell , because Dell will still build some models with XP.While I had Vista , every new thing I tried to install or use took hours to troubleshoot . Why did they mess with the mail program , on top of everything else?Vista will not be compatible with any software you have that 's over a year old ; so be prepared to re-buy all of your software . -LSB- That why all the 3rd party vendors like it -- more sales for them . -RSB- While it may support your printers , it probably wo n't support your camera if it 's more than a year old . So be prepared to buy a new camera , too.So , if you want headaches , buy Vista . But if you want things to work just as you 're used to , get a Vista-ready computer with XP installed . Then , IF Vista is ever ready for prime time , you can install it later . -LSB- But really , why would you want to ? What is the advantage of it , besides somewhat increased security ? The disadvantages far outweigh that benefit . -RSB-
 I have not noticed any improvements . For a software to be 5 years in development the result does not indicate major changes . In my opinion XP is far supperior product.Joseph Amirkhas
 I 'm a gamer . I enjoy games like Thief , which make use of 3D sound . With Vista , they removed the DirectSound EAX functionality . This means that even if your hardware supports EAX -LRB- like the integrated RealTek stuff does -RRB- , you 'll get lousy stereo sound in these games . This is pathetic.If you want to go buy one of the shiny new Creative sound cards , you can use their proprietary application to restore EAX functionality . RealTek has a program called 3DSoundBack which is supposed to re-enable EAX on RealTek chips , but this program is at version 0.1 Beta and did absolutely nothing when I tried it .
 I got my computer with Vista pre-installed . It seems to vary depending on who gets it , some are lucky and it runs fine , while others have nothing but trouble . I fall into the second group . For me it 's slow , buggy , bloated , and annoying . Until service pack 1 was released , I was n't able to right-click without crashing Explorer . No , you did n't read that incorrectly . I could n't right-click without crashing Explorer ! It was fixed for a while , but I 've started having the issue again . Fun.Copying files takes much longer than in XP . Several times longer . My boot times are longer . My shutdown times are longer . I work on an Office Live website and MS ca n't even get Vista to play nice with their connection software out of the box . I was forced to use an aging XP laptop just to update files on it . Thankfully they do have pretty good customer service and I was able to solve that issue with a combination of patches and workarounds . Still , Vista required more work for me than XP did and that 's the problem with Vista.Now there are some nice features . The voice recognition for typing is really very good , I do n't mind the UAC pop-ups asking for permission for a program to do some activity , the screen shot program is really helpful , and the DVR software is just wonderful . However , the good just does n't out weigh the bad . Vista has caused me many hours of stress and anger . If you 're upgrading , just go with Windows 7 . It 's the most current one anyway now and it runs the way they should have released Vista .
 My computer developed problems . Instead of moving up to Windows 7 , I decided to re-install Vista Home Premium . Bad choice . It is not the same as the orginal factory installed Vista Home Premium . A lot of things that were orginally included are missing on this ` Full ' version . So , if you 're looking restore your computer to just like it was when you bought it ... forget it .
 Okay , I 'm a Mac-user , but I purchased a Dell laptop to resolve `` a couple '' of small compatibility issues . Big mistake . Vista is a bad copy of Apples OS X. I will live with the small issues and return the Dell laptop - plus the design and build of the machine was second-rate compared to a Mac . Eventually I partitioned the hard drive on my Mac and ran Windows XP successfully . While I still favor the Mac OS , XP was a better `` downgrade '' than Vista .
 Abismal aptempt to copy Mac OSX!Admit it , MS is behind the times and a dollar short .
 I do n't really approve of this operating system . My principal objection is to the lack of anything resembling a coherent user interface . Where , one wishes to know , are the pulldown menus ? Rather than enforce a standard scheme in all applications , Microsoft has abandoned tradition as well as competant administration , and left its operating system in a state of bewildering anarchy . Not since King Lear has a sovereign committed so grave an abdication of his rightful authority . Once-familiar commands are now scattered to strange corners of the screen , or concealed within vague iconographies , that , like the private languages of malevolent gods , condemn mortals to perpetual confusion . To submit to the indiscipline of Windows Vista is to wander lost in a labyrinth of the mundane .
 What a load of Cheese Whiz -LRB- tm -RRB- this OS is . I ended up installing XP over it after a few days of struggle.If that was the best Microsoft could do , then Unix and Mac have good times ahead , market share wise . If I did n't have to run some very vertical-market applications , I 'd probably dump Windows -LRB- tm -RRB- all-together .
 I installed Vista Home Premium - it took 7 hours to complete the install . None of the trick features , such as Aero , work
 My parents just bought a new PC laptop loaded with Vista Home Premium , and they asked me to help set it up -LRB- uninstall bloatware , configure for their DSL , set up anti-virus , etc. -RRB- . I 'm not an IT technician , but I would consider myself medium-to-advanced in PC experience . I was excited to try Vista out , but found myself confounded by the lack of user-friendliness Vista presented me . The security warnings are OVERWHELMING ... . Setting up McAfee Anti-Virus was a NIGHTMARE ... . Endless hoops to accomplish a simple install , exponentially more complicated than on XP . If you 've seen the Mac vs PC commercials about the security warnings , you get the idea . No exaggeration ... Frankly , there just does n't seem to be much advantage from my -LRB- or my parent 's -RRB- perspective using Vista over XP . Bottom line , if we they could have gotten XP installed instead of Vista , I would have suggested it in a heartbeat . I hope there are fixes in the near future ...
 Vista is a flawed product that should not have been shipped , but Microsoft has a history of shipping products that are not ready for release.I am not a computer professional and I do not want to be . I pay good money for products and I expect them to work correctly the first time . I do n't want to spend much time configuring software and I do n't want to spend any time hunting down patches or drivers.I purchased an HP laptop with Vista pre-installed . Soon afterwards Internet Explorer began crashing and restarting every time I closed an unwanted window . I bought a CD from Microsoft of I.E. version 7 , the version supposedly installed with Vista . Apparently Vista uses a special version of Explorer that comes with the OS . Hours searching the Microsoft website and blogs have revealed that the problem is common and that , at least for now , there is no solution . Since that time I have found that many users are experiencing other problems with Vista.Come on Microsoft you are the biggest , richest software company in the world . You can and should do better!Microsoft has always been on the backside of product innovation . DOS was clone of CP/M . Even twenty years ago the Commodore 64 using GEOS was a superior system to DOS and the Amiga was far superior to anything at the time . Microsoft has a history of rushing to catch-up with the real innovators and thereby releasing a flawed product . In 1995 the joke was that Windows95 was merely Macintosh 1987 . In my job I use both a PC and a Macintosh . Increasingly I use the Mac.Recommendation
 I recently purchased a computer that came with Windows Vista . This is the worst Microsoft O/S release to date . The amount of resources Vista used practicly destroyed a new computer . This week I wiped my computer and installed Windows XP instead of Vista . The result
 Excited at first and mad at the end . MS is like big government in they know what is best for you . They give you minimal choices on how to best run your Vista . Even on none security issues like file indexing where your CPU performance is wasted , MS decides they know what is best by not offering you a choice of turning it off . There are many situations like this where you have no choice on how Vista works . Vista is the ideal user `` cookie cutter '' where all users have the same needs . So choose Vista if you want less flexibility then XP and more frustration on trying to find answers .
 Again , the ` Lord of the OS ' proves that it 's their ball and you need to play their way . I have one test machine at home running Vista -LRB- Business ver -RRB- , and have configured the Home Premium version for a couple of friends . Main things I 've noticed
 After foolishly deciding to upgrade a perfectly fine Windows XP SP2 based system -LRB- running the Vista compatibility program before -RRB- , not only my machine is crashing all the time , but It will not connect to the internet ! The damn thing will not recognize any updated driver for the `` vista Compatible '' hardware on my desktop ! And of course , can not download anything ... And now , It wo n't even open up , because It could n't register ! So I called Microsoft , registered my copy on the telephone , but still the damn thing wo n't connect to verify itself , and will not let me get to my computer ! MY COMPUTER MR GATES , NOT YOURS!So to save my kids pictures , I installed a 3rd hard drive on my machine , made it the master , installed Linux Suse 10.1 , and was able to retrieve my info . Now I will be reformatting my PC with XP , hoping that they release SP3 soon ... . Of course , since I activated my copy of Vista , i ca n't get a refund ...
 Absolute garbage . In May 2007 I bought a new Dell computer with Vista pre-installed . I have had so many issues with this OS that I do n't know where to start : - I ca n't burn CDs at all , and I have been told that Vista is notorious for rendering hardware useless . - My Palm T | X started having major problems with syncing and crashing , which never happened before Vista came on the scene . Now I have to completely rebuild my T | X all because Vista does n't play nice with Palm Desktop , HotSync Manager , any third-party software , you name it . - Before I use any pre-Vista software , I have to tell Vista that it 's okay to run the program . If I installed it , then it 's okay to use , dammit . Just run the program!I sound like a whiny brat , I 'm sure . The truth is I 've never had these issues with any other computer I 've owned . Soon I 'll be downgrading to XP in order to get my computing life back to something more manageable .
 OK it 's new , and even change agents do n't REALLY like change - so Vista has encountered some push-back . But even if we could adjust for resistance to change , Vista probably still would n't be very popular . The reason in a nutshell is that Vista 's interface is neither intuitive nor consistent with previous versions , making it hard to get anything of any complexity whatsoever accomplished -LRB- try setting up a wireless network connection -RRB- . A new and illogical interface could possibly be tolerated if a good printed manual were available , but documentation typically is electronic . The `` are you sure you want to do this ? '' popups are annoying at first . But since there are so many of them , people quickly learn to blow by them without even looking , which renders them totally ineffective . All in all , Vista users are going to face a stiff learning curve for little if any benefit . I think that Microsoft has really painted themselves into a corner this time .
 Like many others I had no choice but the Vista operating system when I purchased my new HP . I have had nothing but problems . Computer crashes , lost files - particularly pictures -LRB- they are there somewhere - just try to find them though ! , weird copies that I never purposely made showing up all over the place . I 'm not a `` techie '' - but really , are n't these operating systems supposed to be somewhat intuitive for the normal user out there ? I have never had a problem figuring out how to use XP or any other Windows operating system on any of my other computers over the years . I have basic computing needs and I want something easy and intuitive to use . If you want the same things I want - forget Windows Vista for now . Wait for the next version - it will be coming in a couple of years no doubt !
 Vista is a nightmare ! I ca n't use software that I have because it will not install , and I ca n't add some Adobe software that I would like because it is n't compatible . My three month old computer is slower than my three year old computer , thanks to Vista . Going on-line is a pain , all kinds of weird things happen . I have contacted HP to see if Vista could be removed and replaced with XP - ca n't be done . Just checked to see if I could buy a new laptop with XP , virtually impossible . Microsoft should be ashamed of themselves for putting this truely horrible product into almost every available computer .
 I bought a brand new HP Laptop , and it came with Vista , of course . I nearly returned the laptop to the store because it was so slow . I thought , this does n't make sense ... This computer is brand new , there is no logical reason why it should be running slower than the oldest computer sitting in my garage . Especially when it has dual processors , which from what i understand are suppose to make my computer FASTER . After reading the rest of the reviews , I realized that its all because of VISTA . In addition to the frustration I feel by knowing that I spent nearly a grand on something that is less efficient than my old computer , I have spent hours just trying to relearn how to FIND SIMPLE THINGS that have been renamed , replaced , or moved around to remote parts of the computer . Look ! I should n't have to read a manual on how to open up a DVD I just put in my computer . There truly is no more fitting of a word than FRUSTRATING . I do n't even think they deserve points for the new graphics , because that one pro would never outweigh the hundreds of cons . I would like to end with a comparison . Imagine buying a brand new car . The outside is different , its shiny and new . Modern . But the concept should still be the same , right ? Ignition near the steering wheel , radio in the dash , glove compartment in front of the passenger seat , etc. . Imagine getting into a car and the radio is hidden underneath your seat , and the ignition is in the trunk . It seems pointless , does n't it ? This is Vista for you . Dont purchase it , hold off if you can until something better comes out .
 The worst system I 've had for last 15 years . There is not much more functionality than in Windows XP
 WOW . This OS is a PAIN . I agree with everyone here on the bad things about it . I -LRB- like many -RRB- had to get Vista b/c it was what Sony is using in their new laptops . I 'm considering going back to XP . I 'm hoping there is some way to tone down the security settings so that everytime I try to download something I do n't get prompted `` Are you reallly sure you want to download this ? '' YES I 'M SURE OR ELSE I WOULD N'T HAVE CLICKED SAVE TO DOWNLOAD !! And WHY did they decide to move things around and change names ?? It takes me twice as long now to do anything because I have to re-discover how to do it ! It 's so hard when you 've been using Windows your whole life and it 's been relatively the same and then all of the sudden this shows up.Like i said ... pure furstration and confusion .
 The comments given here are all very correct . VISTA is visually better but that is about it and at what cost ? Stick to XP Pro for now , if Microsoft overhauls this software on the expected service pack it maybe worth getting but for now it is hard to work with and it moves us close to `` Big Brother '' .
 When WinXP came out I refused to abandon my reliable Win98SE until SP2 was released and WinXP finally became an operating system -LRB- from the experimental eye-candy it first was -RRB- . Experts advise us to do the same with WinVISTA - yet I do not think this is ever gon na happen ... WinVISTA is far WORSE than the initial release of WinXP
 My interest in Vista was primarily for its Media Center , since I thought it would integrate well with the XBox 360 . I was plenty disappointed.Leaving the 360 aside for now , Vista 's Media Player and Media Center do NOT play HD content properly -- over half of my videos do n't play at all . For those that do , there is a horrible video stuttering during playback that occurs even with non-HD videos . In order to `` fix '' the stuttering problem , I had to reduce my resolution from 1920x1200 to 1280x1024 -- ridiculous . I downloaded VLC player -LRB- free -RRB- and it was able to play all my videos flawlessly at 1920x1200 ! -LRB- but then what do I need Vista for ? I can install VLC on XP without the burden of added hardware requirements and DRM enforcement -RRB- . As a media extender , the 360 is even worse . Media Center/360 consumes all of my network bandwidth when reading my video library -- I 'm assuming it 's taking a long time because it tries to get thumbnail pictures of the videos , which I do n't need and listing the filenames would 've been fine with me . The interface was very lagged and choppy . I had to wait for about 2 minutes before the menus work at all . What 's really bad is that the 360 seems to sync with the Vista pc EVERY TIME it starts , so simply navigating to that one video you want to play can take over 5 minutes !! Also , the 360 supports only a subset of the video/audio codecs so that while your video plays fine on the Vista PC , it may not play at all on the 360 -- in fact , the 360 does n't support uncompressed PCM audio at all ! You 're stuck with compressed mpeg2 audio.As a media center , Vista is a sore disappointment , especially when compared to the original Xbox running XBMC ! Other than Vista 's good looks , I really do n't see what the new OS is all about .
 This is pretty much the buggiest and slowest OS ever built . How on earth does one spend billions of dollars creating an OS that is a step BACKWARDS from XP ? Stay on XP as long as possible , and when you need to upgrade computers , switch to Mac . It 'll be another decade before Microsoft gets around to releasing an OS that represents an improvement over XP .
 Vista is absolute junk . Do n't waste your money . If you are running XP , keep it . Do n't let mad Doctor FrankenGates of Microjunk Corp mess with your mind . Vista is slow , full of bugs , unstable and has imposible customer service . Do yourself a favor.Stick with XP or buy a Mac . End of story .
 I have to wonder if Vista will end up becoming the next Windows ME.I do n't recommend this operating system for those who are not computer savvy . It 's much more time consuming to navigate , requires a lot of troubleshooting , and does not play well with others -LRB- watch out when it comes to loading software , games and drivers -RRB- . Many of the user interfaces have changed completely from previous Windows operating systems , so it can be difficult to troubleshoot the problems your are -LRB- at this point -RRB- guaranteed to come across.I do believe it has a promising future . However , if you are n't prepared to waste lots of time and energy messing around with it , you may want to hold off for awhile.Also , it uses up a ton of resources and runs slowly if you do n't have all the latest and greatest hardware , which makes it in my opinion , a terrible choice for an upgrade . Your best bet is to purchase a new computer with it already loaded .
 I pre-ordered Windows VISTA at full retail price only to discover that it would not install ... my computer did not meet the minimum system requirements . To add insult to injury many vendors deep discounted the retail cost the week after it 's initial release .
 Pathetic performance , near-universal incompatibility with external applications and hardware , and nonexistent technical support ; what more could anyone ask?If you 've got Windows XP on your computer already , KEEP IT THERE . If you 're getting a new computer , you need to consider buying a Mac -LRB- like I eventually did -RRB- . No amount of tinkering by Microsoft is going to make Windows Vista worth the effort of learning.This is , without doubt , the techno-turkey of the decade .
 Do not buy this . I plead with you . Nothing is compatable . NOTHING . Some things say they are , but they really arent . I will never buy a PC again . Buy an Apple .
 I installed Vista on my new dell computer that cost over $ 1000 with a dual processor and 2g of ddr . which by my standards was pretty fast . since i did , my computer drags and the all in one 926 dell printer will not work . i downloaded my new 32 bit driver to make the printer compatible with the operating system and everytime i install it , the computer crashes . what a waste . my computer goes less than half its speed now , even with the sidebar turned off , and my printer and other programs a student like myself will not work . last night i had to use my boot disk to remove vista and reinstall all my original drivers and my computer works fine , with the exception that the files i backed up before i removed vista is no longer compatible because they have been converted to be compatible with vista . thanks for nothing microsoft . vista will never be on my computer again .
 Gates and Company have done it again . This time bigger and badder than before ... I have a wonderful pc with a fast dual core processor , 2 gigs of high speed ram , and it should just be zip zip zip , but instead it is by far the slowest machine I have . With all its patches my XP is the most capable , my 98SE is the fastest relatively modern machine , but my old DOS machine is still the best .
 I really can not give this operating system more than two stars . I thought with all the delay and fuss around it , this OS will come out tested and with the least number of bugs . How wrong I was ! The operating system itself is the biggest bug . My complaints1 . It practically crashed everyday and for no apparent reason . I have to constantly backup everything for the fear that Windows may riun my Hard Disk or does not boot up the next time . This is really annoying as you are always in constant fear that you may lose some valuable file or information . Vista 's grade on reliability is F. 2 . Applications do not even run up to their performance and my computer is a pentium dual core . It is like I am running everything with Pentium III .3 . Internet connectivity is intermitten , like Windows can not send and receive data packages properly ; it suddenly stalls forever . I suspect that Vista has problem working with hardware . This is particularly annoying when listening to internet radio , with streaming video or downloading large files .4 . Everytime I put my laptop to sleep , I know it is going to crash when it comes up again . So for me the sleep or hybernate options are out of question and I have to shut it down everytime -LRB- luckily the bootup process is very fast with Vista -RRB- .5 . Vista occasionally mis-interprets my mouse clicks . Sometimes when I click on `` close '' it minimizes or resizes window . The same problem holds for other top corner buttons .6 . The ease of use is also lost with Vista and the the only thing is gained is fancier display . In most cases I ask for `` classical view '' to find the item I am looking for .7 . The user account control does not add to security but makes running files like torture . Windows asks you about every single minor thing -LRB- like a kid from his daddy -RRB- . I prefer to turn it off.There are a few pros too1 . The boot up process is fast . It does n't really waste time .2 . Vista can change its own disk partition size in place which gives you ability to add another disk letter or partition for Linux . Now you can separate your working files from the applications and system files.My advice
 I had to build myself a new machine a few months ago and decided to go with Vista because I was curious and it was even a little cheaper than XP Pro . I 'm going to have to pay for yet another copy of windows so I can go back to XP Pro.I 'm not having any hardware or software compatibility issues so that 's not the problem . My problem with it is that MS does n't offer anything new , other than the looks . There 's no major improvements in Vista . It only looks really cool . Microsoft 's idea of improved security was the `` are you sure you 're sure ? '' box . Change something in the control panel and you have to confirm it atleast twice.And the system requirements are laughable -LRB- and six years ago I thought XP was asking for too much -RRB- . I was a fan of the PC game Unreal Tournament 2004 a couple of years ago , I guess I still am but havent played much lately , anyway , it 's funny that a fast paced action 3D game like that can run on lesser hardware than an OPERATING SYSTEM . And in case everyone 's forgotten the job of the OS is to communciate with the machines hardware and manage system resources , not actually hog up your resources .
 I 've been doing computer stuff for nearly 20 years , having done numerous software installations , including versions of Windows going back to 2.0 in the 80 's . Never have I had trouble installing windows until I wasted time and money on this dog . My system -- 1.5 G of RAM , 200 MB hard drive , 3.2 GHz Pentium processor -- displayed the blue screen of death not once , not twice , but 3 times during the installation , and froze up at least 4 to 5 times in the middle of the installation . This was the full version of the Vista Home Premium edition . I bought it after having trouble recovering my hard drive with my OEM recovery discs which consisted of Windows XP Media Edition , 2004 version . -LRB- Admittedly , I used this as a convenient excuse to upgrade to Vista . What EVER was I thinking ? LOL !! -RRB- . After encountering difficulty with the installation , I just knew there had to be something wrong with the hard drive or some other hardware/firmware problem . After all , it could n't possibly have been the brand new software , right ? WRONG ! I found an old copy of XP -LRB- pre-SP1 -RRB- lying around the house , inserted the disc and - VOILA !! - installation of the old XP was flawless !! This antique version of XP even cleaned up the mess left by Vista !! -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- . Fortunately , when I took Vista back to the store the morning after I bought it the manager was nice enough to give me a full refund -LRB- store policy for software that has been opened is to ONLY offer an exchange for the exact same title , thus proving that angels really do look out for fools ! LOL !! -RRB- . In conclusion , unless someone has a gun to your head , do n't even think about `` upgrading '' to Vista , regardless of what version of Windows you 're running . If you 're running XP , you can do without this mess of an OS . If you have Windows ME -LRB- another piece of garbage from Microsoft -RRB- , or 95/98/2000 and MUST upgrade -LRB- but do n't want to buy another PC -RRB- , then upgrade to XP , not Vista . Whatever you do , stay away from Vista until you buy a new system -LRB- hopefully later rather than sooner -RRB- . Save your time and your money .
 I was a loyal Microsoft customer . I have been using Microsoft products since MS-DOS 5 . xx . I weathered the ME fiasco . Went through the countless upgrades for 2000 and XP and XP-Pro . I wanted a new Sony Laptop . I have a four year old Vaio now . When I purchased my new Vaio , Vista was shoved down my throat.Slow is not the word . It runs like syrup going up-hill on a cold day . It frequently freezes -LRB- Vista 's way of giving you that Blue Screen of Death -RRB- . I have done everything
 I 'm a lifelong Windows user running Vista Home Premium on an HP laptop , and have run into many compatibility problems with older programs I used on XP . Also , multiple small bugs in the control panel of Vista which require hours of troubleshooting and emailing HP , Windows , and various companies ' tech support centers to control basic items such as battery usage and network setup . Seems like once I solve a compatibility issue it 's back in a few days . I do n't recommend upgrading to this until Microsoft releases a Service Pack 1 - and since they 've already announced they will only be providing gradual updates instead , I recommend getting a Mac .
 Windows Vista comes with all the trappings you 'd expect from Microsoft ... But I wanted it written down , so all could see , I LOATHE IT.The security issues are insane . EVERYTHING is auto-update lately , but NOTHING can auto-update . I have to manually install off mirror sites , run programs with administrator clearance , just to get the simple pleasures , like plug-in updates and patches installed . I know just enough about computers to understand I could probably customize it to be the simple , smooth , web-browsing baby I used to have ... But who can figure out how ??? Now I have a virus that looked like a video plug-in install , PLUS the dirty conscious of knowing I allowed it on there in the first place . Security features ? I 'm less secure , knowing I have to constantly go around security and disable it ... . and I paid the price for that little luxury . The ONLY upgrade I like about this OS is the more browse-able interface . Looking through tons of folders just to find the one program you like ... . not fun . I 'm putting all my data on a disk , running it through every virus scan I know , and wiping my hard drive ASAP . Then , I 'm going back to Windows . I suggest you do n't even bother until this particular OS gets a little more user-friendly .
 My experience is that Vista is slow , balky and hangs at least once a day . I do most of my work using MS Office . Office 2007 is so riddled with bugs that I retreated to using my new laptop strictly for internet access via WiFi . Here are the problems I 've encountered : * Vista is slow . Windows XP on a 10-year-old desktop is more responsive . * Internet Browser wo n't open more than about a dozen windows/tabs . Then it does n't warn you about such a limit , it simply stops responding to attempts to open anything further . * Internet browser hangs - sometimes several times a day if I am doing a lot of browsing . The only solution seems to be to reboot the Browser . Occasionally , a system reboot is required . * Sometimes the WiFi connection is lost even though the software claims the connection to still be active . The only solution I 've found is a system reboot . * I 've been unable to create a local area net with my backup XP system so I can not print over the network.So , DVDs play , audio links play . I guess Microsoft thinks I should be satisfied with an entertainment center.Thank God I have a backup system .
 Worst OS I have ever seen in 25 years ... Does not function even on factory installs , unbelievably slow , and NON user friendly.Wireless and wired connections will not start , will not retain settings , and disconnects randomly.If doing an upgrade , buy a new hard drive ! Remove your old one , and set it on a shelf . If you have any problems with the install , you can put the old hard drive in , and continue working . Crashed intalls can wipe out EVERYTHING , and it can take WEEKS to get everything running.Requires up to 25 gigs of hard drive space ...
 I bought a new computer and Windows Vista came with it . I have had nothing but problems with it . Windows Media Player for a month would n't play any videos at all on it . I had bought software that I used on Windows XP that always ran fine but on Windows Vista , it wo n't even install . Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 requires patches in order to run on Vista and even then has some issues with it . The Sql Server program that comes with Visual Studio requires a patch to run and even then wo n't install some elements . I get DLL errors when using the simpliest of programs like Notepad . I just had Vista decide to boot me off my computer so it could install a patch and then restart the computer . Half the programs I own literally will not run at all on Vista .
 As has been noted elsewhere , Windows Vista is the best advertisement for Max and Linux out there.I 've been a dedicated Microsoft OS user going back to the pre-windows days of DOS , and this is the first time that one of Microsoft 's little masterworks has driven me to Apple . I recently upgraded my desktop machine to an iMac , which I recommend without reservation.Unfortunately , to get there I first had to undergo the frustration of purchasing a new laptop with Vista pre-installed . I 'm a journalist with minimal computing needs -- word processing , photo uploading , email and Web browsing -- but I need my computer to work well and work quickly to meet crazy deadlines while on the road.Instead of repeating what 's already been said in many of the negative reviews here , let me just tell you that Vista does n't cut it . Windows XP did the job fine , and Vista makes me feel like I 'm trying to do my work with a manual typewriter , a fax machine , and a photocopier kludged together with twine and electrical tape . Sure , I can get it to work , usually , but the process is so maddeningly slow and bug-ridden that I often spend as much time struggling with the tools of my trade as doing my job . Not at all the situation I want to be in.I installed Service Pack 1 hoping like mad that Microsoft had miraculously fixed all the problems inherent in Vista , and found instead that my system had become even slower and more buggy . For instance , I can no longer play a full-screen movie with Windows Media Player on my HP Pavilion tx1000z without choppiness , the HP-branded DVD player no longer functions , and my system overall now seems about as stable as the old Windows 95 , i.e. , it crashes , hard , far too often , and without warning.Right now I 'm looking at either downgrading my laptop to XP -LRB- the reason I 'm here on the Microsoft product page -RRB- , or giving my laptop to my three-year-old and getting a MacBook . Actually , I 'll probably do both since I do n't want to saddle even my three-year-old with Vista , and I have found to my tremendous relief that the Mac OS is everything Vista tries to be , and very much more.The only thing holding me back at this point is the extreme annoyance of shoveling yet more money at Microsoft to purchase another of their products to fix problems the company created in the first place . Hey , come to think of it , maybe Vista is nothing more than a plot to drive sales of XP!In any case , I have Microsoft to thank for steering me toward to best OS I 've ever used , Mac OS Leopard . Thanks , Microsoft ! -LRB- Fun fact
 I would strongly recommend waiting at least until Service Pack 1 -LRB- SP1 -RRB- is released before using Vista . This is supposed to be in April 2008 . I like Vista and many of its features ... that being said it does n't yet seem to work properly/reliably . I have spent about 40 hours with Tech Assistance on Vista operability issues since I got my new Dell laptop two weeks ago . If you want an operating system that will function properly out-of-the-box Vista is not yet it.I think if you are just using Vista to interact with MS Office you will `` generally '' be okay , but it has a lot of issues in interacting with third-party software . There are also issues with the use of the sleep and hibernate programs , which often seem to cause the computer to freeze and require a hard re-boot -LRB- especially on laptops -RRB- . Apperently these issues are well known but not yet fixed -- and no one mentioned this to me so when it happened repeatedly I thought there must be something wrong with my computer . Apparently , computer freezing in coming out of sleep mode is just one of Vista 's several unresolved flaws .
 Fist , I 'm no beginner and my system is an HP with a fast Duo Athlon processor , 3gb of ram and Vista preinstalled by the factory.If you were unfortunate enough to remember WindowsME then you know why Vista is only getting 1 star , they are equally as bug-ridden . I have been using Windows since 3.0 and have used every flavor with mixed success . I know how to tweak settings and manually steamline a Windows OS . Vista is not cooperative . It 's top heavy with pretty blingy glitz that hogs system recourses and slows even the best behaved applications to a crawl . Then there 's the issue that not all software is compatible or works properly in the new OS . Worse , even after turning off most every feature I could including indexing , Vista still engaged in computer-freezing disk writes that lasted for 10 's of minutes at a time for no apparent reason ; Microsoft help is at a loss to explain . Vista is bloatware of the worst kind and is no more safe than XP . Avoid it if at all possible !
 I upgraded from XP and Vista is a horrible operating system . It uses huge amounts of resources . This would be fine if there was anything Vista offered that made it worth the difference . But here is the real problem , VISTA IS COMPLETELY UNSTABLE . With 2 gigs of RAM and a 2.8 Pentium ghz , I run mostly Adobe graphic programs and a little bit of 3D software like Maya and Sketchup , and my computer freezes at least once a week , sometimes more.After I installed Vista , I ran the Vista system check and it came up with 1,269 error messages . Yes folks , that 's ONE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND SIXTY NINE ERROR MESSAGES ON A FRESH INSTALL . So then I proceed to download all 87 updates . Basically I had my computer up and running in about , oh , three days . . I mean , come on , 87 f * % $ ing updates in a brand new OS from the company that is the `` leader '' of the PC operating system ??? Microsoft , you suck , plain and simple . Vista is garbage.And it was nice to find out that HP does n't give support for a Vista printing driver for the 1115 Photosmart printer . Bye HP.Conclusion
 its pretty easy to tell these posers just want to copy apple . i ca n't think of a worse virus to put on your computer than vista .
 Call me naive , but I thought all the complaints on Vista were do to user error or people just not having the patience to learn a new system . Man-was I wrong . Vista is an absolute nightmare . I just got a new laptop , a Sony Vaio . The Vaio is beautiful , but I do n't think I can keep it . There is a restocking fee for returning it , but I do n't think I have any other choice . Nothing works properly on this system . From installing a basic printer , to getting Outlook to work -LRB- do n't ask-a complete nightmare -RRB- , to getting Plaxo to sync , to getting my MotoQ to sync . Nothing . I repeat , nothing works properly or without a headache.I can not truly think of one good reason you would want to get Windows Vista . Stick with XP or look elsewhere .
 Background
 I guess the title says it all . I had to buy a new computer and ended up getting one with Vista -LRB- an HP -RRB- -- what a mistake . I should have done what my university is doing
 I am using vista home premium for about 3 weeks now , and I have n't had any fun yet or any experience that Microsoft have promised.I keep running system errors just after I clean installed the vista . until now , every time i turn my pc on , I still getting system errors . Not only the system errors , i notice my pc runs slower then when i had xp on the system.for this much money , not only I get a slower system , but also get a system that only look good but useless.if you are thinking getting the vista for entertainments , go for others or keep xp , because vista downgraded video quality -LRB- you can do the research on that one -RRB- ; if you are a gamer , buy xbox 360 or ps3 for about same price . if you just want to do office work , do n't even think about vista , xp is more then enough for your office and web applications.I do n't know why Microsoft took so long to develop something that is not friendly and buggy OS .
 First of all , I 'm no beginner here . I 've been a computer professional specifically in the support of PCs for well over fifteen years now . I 've been doing this as a hobby for maybe ten more . I 've built over 50 computers from parts and installed and used every MS OS from DOS 3.0 throgh Vista as well as various flavors of Linux , Novell and most others I wo n't go into.I built a brand new computer to game on at home in my dwindling spare time and installed XP on it because Vista was n't out yet . It ran like a champ . Ungodly fast , stable for weeks , smooth and easy . When Vista was released I figured here I go ! This is how I make my money , I might as well jump in with both feet!I have to say after 3 months or so of using at and trying my best to like it ... it is THE worst operating system I have ever used . That statement should be adjusted for time of course . It may , in fact , be better than ME , but that 's close and this is what ? seven years later !?? All I can say for it is that its pretty.The security is intrusive and annoying . If you turn off the bits that are annoying you 're left with XP level security . Driver support is horrible . Stability is questionable . It will run my hard drive for an hour at a time and claim there are no processes running at all . 3 of the 4 games I play on it crash within 10 minutes of starting on anything but the lowest graphics settings . So ... to sum up : Cons
 Microsoft released Windows Vista without consideration of its compatibility with existing software and there is a enormous number of programs that have problems running on Windows Vista including some programs Microsoft specifically designed to run on Vista.I 've had Windows Vista for about 6 months and wish I did ` nt . My scanners were not compatible and my Sony memory stick was not compatible . I sent Microsoft a note asking what I needed to do to download pictures from my memory stick onto the computer running Vista . Microsoft said `` Have Sony fix it . `` So far I 'm finding more software that is not compatible then is compatible.My advise is do not buy Vista for about 3 years . Give microsoft time to get the bugs out or at least give software companys time to write programs that are Compatible .
 I 've recently switched to Microsoft Vista on two of my desktop machines -LRB- the others are Ubuntu Linux , Mac OSX and my XP laptop -RRB- . I have to say the reason I switched was mainly because of the improved visual appearance of the desktop , and also of course in order to stay in touch with the `` bleeding edge '' of OS technology . I was of course -LRB- especially for the retail price -RRB- expecting a general improvement in terms of day-to-day usability.Unfortunately what I 've come to discover is that Vista is LESS than a new coat of paint
 Does your computer have a 64-bit processor in it , like one of the AMD dual core or Pentium Core 2 Duo processors ? Do you have more than 2 GB of RAM ? If you want Windows to take full advantage of your computer 's capabilities , then you need the 64-bit version of Windows Vista.There 's just one problem
 I am usually pretty content with Microsoft products , but I find Vista frustrating to use . Moving 400MB of files will sometimes be quick and sometimes with no explanation take an hour -LRB- even with modern SATA drives -RRB- . The network connection which worked fine with XP , now is unexplainably slow . There is a web site http://www.speakeasy.net/speedtest/ that does a pretty good test of your broadband connection . With another XP machine -LRB- and fairly similar in hardware terms -RRB- attached to the same router I can see a 6Mbps download speed . My other machine on the same router now upgraded to Vista , starts with a fast download , but is running about 56kbps by the end of the download.There are serious performance problems that Microsoft needs to fix before I would recommend this OS .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY . DOES ` NT BILL ALREADY HAVE ENOUGH OF IT ? I WISH BILL HAD TO PAY US FOR ALL THE WASTED TIME AND HEADACHES . DO N'T WORRY , FOR A FEW DOLLARS MORE YOU CAN FIX IT . WHAT A RACKET .
 Microsoft should have done more testing on this product . This is one mess up product . I have never seen a version of Microsoft Windows so mess up . There are so many bugs in this product it is not funny . I 've always been a big Microsoft fan , but I ca n't endorse this version of Microsoft Windows . I 'm a PC and Console gamer and let me tell you something . Microsoft Windows Vista does not go with most PC games . That is very sad.Even if Microsoft gave me a free version of Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium , I would n't take it . I 've read where some Federal Government Agencies wo n't even use Microsoft Windows Vista because it so mess up and it has so many bugs in it . I 'll stick with Microsoft Windows XP which from what I understand pretty much does all the same things that Microsoft Windows Vista does but without all the bugs in it . Plus you can play any PC game on Microsoft Windows XP . You ca n't do that with Microsoft Windows Vista . I love Microsoft Windows XP.Why should anyone waste their time and money upgrading to Microsoft Windows Vista if it does n't work right ? It is really frustrating because brand new PC games coming out right now and in the future are n't compatible with Microsoft Windows Vista . If you do n't believe me , go into different gaming web sites and read about all the problems people are having playing brand new PC games that just came out with Microsoft Window Vista . Please Microsoft , fix Microsoft Windows Vista .
 Could they make installing an OS any more difficult ? All i got was errors and blue screens of death . I 'll pass .
 Windows Vista truly is a step backwards . After running it on three different high-end systems , and switching back to Windows XP on two of them and Ubuntu linux on the third , I can confirm what everyone else is saying
 Have worked with Windows since Win95 and I have to say this is the WORST operating system I 've ever seen . This OS has become an administrator 's nightmare . Locations of commonly-used functions have been strewn all over the place , impossible to find and every admin-related task requires secondary confirmations before execution . My first two hours trying to just get the OS to cooperate revealed several internal software bugs , even for the easiest and most common of user tasks . This is truly the bloatware of all bloatwares and the most OBNOXIOUS - if you are new to computers , get a Macintosh or go with Linux . If you 're using an earlier version of Windows , avoid upgrading to this OS if at all possible . XP is the LAST Windows I 'll ever use ... as a veteran programmer and general computer n-e-r-d , Linux is gon na be the way to go in the future . Take notes Microsoft ... you 're screwing up big time !!
 Do n't even think about trying to upgrade an older computer to windows vista ! It 's slow enough on modern hardware , but on anything older than last years hardware , it 's a dog . It 's just too slow to do any real work on . Frustration will ensue , and you 'll end up reloading XP , Trust me ! Do n't waste your time or money !
 PROS - Very cool interfaceCONS - Very unstable . It will hang OFTEN . - Slow . Some tasks take forever to complete . eg switching apps - Hard drive is forever busy even though I 'm not running anything much - Resource heavy . You might have the highest spec ` ed PC but do n't count on it running fast . - Shutting down takes forever.In short , I do n't recommend Vista . It 's basically one slow mutha . Wait until the service packs are released . About the only thing going for it is that the interface is cool .
 I just bought a new Sony notebook for my son who is going to college in September . Vista Home Premium was pre installed on the Sony . Plugged it into my home network , whidh has 3 XP machines on it . The XP machines network fine . The Vista machine does not see the XP machine and the XP machines do not see the vista.After an hour and 45 minutes on the phone with Sony they announced that they do not deal with network issues .45 minutes on the pnone with Linksys and they told me the issue was not related to network equipment.Microsoft charged me $ 79 for support . I was on the phone with them for over 3 hours . I went through 3 levels of support the first two from India . The third level was from the US , but seemed genuinely puzzled.My advice is do not buy Vista if you have any plan of networking your visat machine with an xp machine .
 Firstly , let 's get one thing out of the way . This lumbering hippo costs us exactly twice as much in the UK , and they refuse to ship to the UK from the US . There 's the rip-off part out of the way.Secondly , and this is VERY important - if you rely the slightest on your PC for work , or if like me you 've spent a small fortune in software , LEAVE THIS ALONE ! Most of the software you 've come to know and love simply wo n't work anymore . Even new software releases are failing on this steaming heap of code.If you 're just after the ` wow ' factor with the graphical interface -LRB- the novelty of which will soon fade -RRB- , and you only use your PC for surfing and e-mail , knock yourself out - go for it . Otherwise , small home business users will be left with a PC that could cost a lot in lost business , and serious loss of hair trying to get it to run properly.Seriously , I ca n't believe they allowed this to be released . Let 's face it , people using it at the moment are doing the ` testing ' for Microsoft . I refuse to believe that this was meant to be a genuine finished product.I 'm sticking with XP for at least the foreseeable future - that 's for sure ! .
 Very slow bootup . Utilises too much resources even for a basic version , It has so many applications which i dont use , hardware installation issues because drivers not accepted by vista hence perfectly good hardware such as ethernet modem and inkjet printer do not work as a result . My lotus smartsuite & a $ 3000 engineering software which work perfectly on xp doesnt work on vista either . Totally useless OS . I intend to uninstall vista and put back xp.The best is still Windows 2000 . I swear for the next computer upgrade i will buy a mac .
 I have almost nothing good to say about this program . I 've had it about 6-7 weeks now on a brand new computer that it came installed on and it 's been nothing but trouble . My voice is hoarse from yelling at the computer . And WORD 2007 and is just as bad . That 's not to say there is n't a good thing or two about either Word or Vista , of course there is . But the programs are so quirky and have so much trouble interacting with anything and everything and even just running on their own that it 's hardly worth whatever good things there are . And as for Word , they 've taken out a lot of good things , like EnvelopeExtra , and dumbed it down for people with pretty graphics . I guess that 's where we 're at today.If I could give both of these programs and Microsoft as a company a minus ten million I would.And Microsoft wo n't support OEM software , which is a coward 's way out , so you 're stuck dealing with the computer manufacturer , in my case Dell . They try to be helpful , but are n't . You spend so much time on the phone with them making changes they suggest that do n't work that you 're better off trying to figure out most things on your own.This has been pure HELL ! I have gotten almost no work done since getting the new computer and Vista and Word and other new programs.I 've waited a while to put on a review here . I had the desire to do so weeks ago , but thought I 'd give it some time and see if things got better . They are not .
 If there were a zero star choice it would not be low enough for this product . I bought a Compaq Preserio with Vista Home Premium . The first couple of days it was nice , looks good , a little slow but fun . I elected to control my computer updates , its software -- big mistake . First off , this is Vista with a couple of tons of HP bloatware , so i do n't control anything . Windows disciplined me with the infamous blues screen , or BSOD . After we worked out that Vista will upgrade itself at will , my life keeps getting worse . The latest unannounced update claims that every page with a certificate is bogus . I need to fight with Vista to check my email or vist my bank . I am an online student and Vista and my school 's pages do n't play well together . I am corresponding with HP.Business versions of Vista that are OEM come downgrade capable , but HP will not fix my 6 week old computer . Below is my last reply and their re-reply . ================================================== M =========================================== Subject
 Why , microsoft ?? A couple years ago , microsoft came out with a good product with the XP system . It was a relatively good program , with only the occasional patch . Very user friendly , and did n't make people want to shoot themeselves.Along came Vista.As it is aptly said in a different review , the complete de-evolution of computing . The boys at microsoft really screwed this one up , trying to copy the more popular mac software.WhoopsThey completely failed at it !! Vista is the absolute worst form of computing . Complete suckiness . It was way overcomplicated and made very user-unfriendlyI wonder how many Vista-related suicides there have been ?
 Anyone who is getting a new computer may be surprised to have this new version of Windows . It is awful . Awful only scrapes the surfaces of how absolutely wretched this software is . It has no usability value whatsoever . It 's like a hiddent treasure adventure game just find a damn file-save . It is so far eemoved from the last windows that you almost have to relearn the whole damn thing ! I ca n't believe they put this out , I ca n't fathom why they did this ? Whoever came up with this software should be fired immediately . Whoever said yes to this software should be fired immediately . If I have more common sense than none of these people deserve their jobs .
 I bought a new state-of-the-art computer in February that came preloaded with Windows Vista . I was initially excited to get a computer that was running the newest operating system , and I hoped it would mean that my computer would have a much longer effective life . I have been nothing but disappointed since receiving this machine , especially knowing that had I called Dell , they would have installed XP instead.PROs : - Better security -LRB- it prompts me & allows me to stop some of the annoying `` automatic '' programs that software makers sneak onto your system -RRB- - Better appearance -LRB- this is strictly cosmetic , and I 'd rather stare at an ugly screen that worked rather than a pretty , useless one -RRB- CONs : - FREEZING
 please wait to buy . this operating system has serious compatibility problems with many of the programs already running on computers . Microsoft rushed this to market . xp users should wait a year to buy .
 My older programs that I liked wo n't work with it . My wireless connection keeps checking out unlike when using XP . There are a lot more reboots as opposed to my experience with XP . Seems Micro Soft ought to issue an apology for this mistake . Stick with XP if you can .
 Bought a new DELL laptop forced to get VISTA or nothing . Hate it , hate it hate it . COnsidering returning the laptop ...
 I bought this and it was a huge mistake !! ALOT and I mean ALOT of my programs that I bought in the past do n't work and Alot of my hardware does n't have updated drivers for Vista ! I have a 1 year old HP printer that I ca n't use untill HP decides to put a driver update to download on their site ! Vista uses way too much memory I have 1.5 gb and and 2.08 ghz AMD and XP worked alot faster ! The little bells and whisles you get are not worth the money or aggravation you go through . So far I have called Microsoft 3 times on 3 diff issues and not one of them were solved on the phone . I have wasted 10 hours on the phone , and then ended up figuring it out on my own . Do n't Buy ...
 Microsoft has really missed the mark and has taken a huge step backwards with this latest operating system . I have had a retail version of Windows Vista sitting on my desk , uninstalled , for almost 6 months now . Meanwhile , my computer is stilling running Windows XP and it 's going to stay that way for some time to come ! Windows Vista is slower , buggier and less productive than Windows XP regardless the hardware you use on it .
 I upgraded my computer so it 'd specifically run Vista : AMD Phenom II X4 9404 GB of RAMAlmost 2 TB of hard drivesNvidia 9600 GTTo my knowledge , there is n't a game out there that really makes this compute lag . Crysis with every setting maxed out runs perfectly.Now to my point : I installed a great many games that were released for XP and ran on XP perfectly . I HAVE HAD NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS !!! I spent a week trying to find all the patches that would allow the games and quite a few non-game programs to run . I simply gave up and went back to XP.BUT , what I did experience of Vista was n't too bad . I simply just did not feel that it was worth the upgrade . It used an unnatural amount of system resources and responded to my commands sluggishly . They made such a big stink about it and it was mediocre . DX10 was pretty nice , but few games took advantage of it . Internet Explorer continually crashed on it and several other computers with it . All in all it was a mediocre upgrade for a typical computer user . If you do anything more than check your Internet on it you 'll start to notice a lot of problems . My advice , stay with XP , wait until Windows 7 gets plenty of reviews and then make that jump depending on how much money you have to spend on the relevancy of the reviews .
 It is pretty . But that 's about the only advantage of Vista over XP . PC dealers are now reverting to offering PCs with XP , because there is such a demand to AVOID Vista.I am not a computer expert , but use it all day at work for word processing , email , spreadsheets , statistics programs , internet , and a variety of other programs . Also do quite a bit of photo editing and cataloguing , music , accounting , etc. . I rely on my PC a lot for home and for office.Caveat to my review
 My husband purchased a new computer with Vista , and it has been nothing but a problem . At first the printer , which we share , worked . We installed a D-Link , which came with his computer , and then he got a spooler error . The program 's `` Help '' was worthless . We could not find any help on how to fix the problem on the MS web site although there were a plethora of freeby downloads on the Internet that addressed the problem . Ergo , we were not the only ones facing this situation.I will hold onto my XP as long as possible and wait for the patches to come out addressing this and other problems . This program carries on the Microsoft tradition of Mediocre Stuff , MS.
 Ok , like a book ... It can look cool ... But , under the cover it sucks ... I 've used about every Windows Operating System available , was a systems administrator back with Window 2000 and so far I ca n't figure out how they made and released a product worse than Windows ME . I literally have to reboot my computer once a day or the explorer does n't work correctly . I prefer the original interface and the new interface is just a pain . Ok , one should still take some time to get use to it and I have ; but , I still do n't like it . I 've always believed that you do n't ruin a good thing , what happened ? So far I was impressed with Windows XP , it looks like they were finally starting to have all the bugs worked out and now they released this ? I hope the Pro version is better than the Home , because if I do n't reboot I 'm tempted to punch the screen . It has limited use on programs with issues on backwards comptibility , and do n't get me started on how frustrating the latest Office is ; You will be force to upgrade a majority of your programs . Even though I know Microsoft will sell copies , I hope they get this point . My suggestions are look at a MAC or GNUorXWINDOWS/Linux . Did I tell you that you can only open so many window/programs and then Vista prevent you from opening anything else ? It seems to stop between 20-24 . I do like the IE , but maybe that 's the problem . Keep working on it Microsoft.Stick to your XP and skip this revision if possible .
 I realy wanted to like this OS . I just find it typical MS annoying though . I had to turn off the UAC and now am constantly annoyed by having done so . Its now a mindless button to click to other users . I could suggest much much better ways to handle this but would rather give advice and support to Linux as it is appreciated.I predicted by 2015 Open office and Linux will be on a equal technical footing with MS type products and only major stagnant corporations will continue to renew with Microsoft . YES Vista is just that lack luster.I find this OS just impedes programs , where it is not customizable to reduce annoyances . As I right this I am told the UAC is turned off again . OS X can now be hacked to run on PC 's and I 'm not looking back ...
 Have used Win 3.1 , Win 98 , Win ME , Win Xp , and Win Vista . For me , stability , speed , and ease of navigation are paramount . Until Vista , each new system seemed to offer an improvement , perhaps slight , of one aspect or another . Vista has so far seemed quite stable , but stability has not made up for the losses in its other 2 aspects . In previous versions of Windows , the Control panel was easy to find . In Vista it is infinitely more difficult to find what I am looking for . Also , loading an application in Vista is slower than ME or XP . Microsoft applications generally load much faster than non microsoft applications -LRB- unfair -RRB- . Excel pops up quickly . Wordperfect -LRB- non MS -RRB- , takes a very long time to load . I was able to achieve a tiny improvement in speed by enabling write-back caching -LRB- the help file suggested using this disk enhancement only if a back-up battery is attached -RRB- . Some of the applications in Control Panel take nearly 15 sec just to load . If I needed to find a system file , finding it in ME took 10 seconds or less -LRB- searching the entire hard drive -RRB- . It takes over a minute to find it in Vista - and the Vista machine is a faster machine ! The file finder in Vista is the worst invocation of a simple user need that MS has ever come up with . While I have n't seen it , I 'll wait longer than usual to upgrade to Win 7 . It 's hard to believe that anyone gained anything by moving from XP to Vista except for distrust . Why send a check to MS when they 've done little or nothing to improve my overall experience .
 A bitter , eye-opening experience . Vista reqires more than 15 gig of harddrive space for the basic load . Many areas in the system were restricted as I discovered when I tried to see what was using so much drive space . A better choice would have been to stay with XP .
 I have been using Windows Vista Home Premium 64-bit version patiently for several months now . The `` performance indicator '' says my Windows Vista experience is a 5.6 out of a possible 5.9 -- this is supposed to be some indication of how fast my hardware is . So , my hardware is top notch -- brand new HP quad core Phenom 2.4 GHz processors with 8GB of RAM . As soon as I boot , I notice the OS is using 1.5 GB of RAM , before I touch anything . If I leave Internet Explorer open , it has a memory leak that gets progressively worse and completely overtakes the system within a few hours . My patience has run out . I 'm reverting back to Windows XP , or at least installing a dual boot configuration , because this machine is just silly slow . I have brand new , top-of-the-line 64-bit hardware and a crazy amount of RAM ; and this machine feels slow . I 'm amazed at how inferior of a product this is .
 Unless you want to buy a whole knew bunch of peripherials do n't buy Windows Vista . My wife recently needed to buy a new computer so we bought a new Dell with Windows Vista . The salesman said that Vista was the way to go.I get the thing home and my printer does not work -LRB- a recent HP laserjet -RRB- and my digital camera is also NOT SUPPORTED !!! If you are going to have anything to do with Windows Vista you should make sure that any devices you own -LRB- or may possibly will own -RRB- are supported ... not likely . WINDOWS VISTA SUCKS !!!
 First the seller listed here must be off his rocker or it has to be an error . 9,999 for Vista ?!?! Good luck . Over blown , bloated , unreliable on any system by any manufacturer I have used -LRB- Dell , Compaq , HP , Acer , Toshiba , ASUS etc -RRB- , virus friendly and just a mess . It 's windows 7 with more pop up windows , slightly less stable design , blue screen happy , and just destroys any system it is used on . Complete garbage , windows 7 upgrade -LRB- ?? if you can call it that ?? -RRB- should have been FREE !!!
 Unless you buy a system that is all VISTA ready , then this could be an expensive nightmare . I have a very powerful current system , but VISTA did n't recognize many of my components and there are n't updated drivers for many of my components , such as my printer , graphics card , etc.Perhaps after I have made my computer entirely VISTA compatible , maybe it will have some utility .
 way to many problems with this version , if you want to replace all your printers , scanners , sound cards and so on , go for it.otherwise stay away .
 I got this vista upgrade the other day . I was really excited about this upgrade . When i was done downloading it . The desktop came up and I WAS JUST LIKE XP BUT THE ICONS WHERE BIGGER AND IT HAD A COOL BACKROUND . I was bot able to get internet connection because my wireless modem was n't compadable for vista . Also i did n't have the 3-d compadablittiy . I also have a vista capable sticker and i guess ... . I had to reformat my comp . for xp . I was on the phone with this indian guy for 3 HOURS !!!! Bottom line
 I never put it on my computer . This package was returned . However my sons new computer has it and its cool .
 This is not Windows Vista this is a Program Upgrade intended for people who are stupid enough to buy a product they do not need . This product is completely useless . I can not Stress enough that you do not buy this product . I received my First computer in 1984 and have had a vast amount of experience with programming software this is not for anyone .
 Honestly , this was horrible . There has never been a worse OS . If i were to pray to God and ask for the worst , he 'd send me this product . It was a great concept and some of the thought that went into it was awesome . But the overall execution was absolutely shotty and was mired by apparent incompetence . Do yourrself a favor and go another direct for an OS .
 Vista is horrible . It sucks up free hard-drive space like it 's going out of style . After continiously getting the low space error I was able to clear the disk partition to 2.3 gig free and within hours it was down to 1/2 a gig for no reason . While some of it 's features are kinda neat it 's not worth the hassle . I just bought a copy of XP Pro and will be redoing my OS tonight . Stay away if you have a choice .
 this is the worst operating system Microsoft has come up with . Take my word , do n't waste your money , this system has too many failures , does n't work properly and if your computer is not a state-of-the-art , would make it slower and give you trouble . Better stay with XP one that really works !
 I do not know if it is me or not however my Intel Pentium 4 w / HT according to HP is supposed to not only be set up for Vista , but is also supposed to run the 64 bit version . Maybe I did not load the program properly .
 Do not waste your money or your time with this product . lemon laws should apply here . I bought the item at Target , Sacramento . They would not refund my money - and would only do a product exchange . They had a bin behind the exchange counter dedicated to returned Windows Vista.Buyer beware .
 vista is a great example of bloatware , my laptop came with vista and it was really slow for a 2Ghz cpu with 2GB of ram.The interface reduced my productivity.I got really annoyed when it kept asking me to enter the admin password for anything i wanted to do.The battery was supposed to last 1 hour but lasted less than that.I tried making a copy of a dvd and it wouldnt let me.Some software of the software i use was not compatible with it.It totaly sucks . I had to upgrade back to windows xp with a dual boot to ubuntu which has nicer desktop graphics than vista .
 Microsoft does it a gain . Sell a product that does n't work . I had to format hard drive to get XP reinstalled . 1 star is to high of a rating for this product . If I did n't have two new systems I would by a MAC . I am done with MS and their monoply .
 I ca n't use this because I had WIN XP PRO . . I would have to erase ALL Files and do a CLEAN or COMPLETE install ... Nice bit of engineering . . I had to go all the way to ULTIMATE just to keep my files ... Upgrades are difficult with this new OS . .
 This `` new '' operating system SUCKS . After all these years , you 'd think Microsoft would have the basics down , but I guess it 's not surprising . I got Vista Home edition on a NEW Dell computer , and I REALLY regret it . Firing it up takes a LONG time , longer than XP on my old PC -LRB- or , for that matter , good ol' Win95 , which zoomed -RRB- . The first time I got impatient and clicked on Internet Explorer to simply open a browser , I got NO REACTION , so I clicked again three times , thinking something was wrong . No , the OS was just taking its time launching an application -LRB- you 'd think IE would be one of the ones Microsoft could optimize , but NO ... -RRB- Twenty or thirty seconds later , three or four IE windows opened up . When I closed all but one and then went surfing away , the browser crashed within a half hour -LRB- admittedly , I 'd been opening a good number of new windows from links , which seems to lead to a memory leak or a system crash . Not exactly rocket science for browsers to do at this point , though -RRB- . I gave it up after one session and returned the PC . NOT WORTH THE TIME , THE EFFORT , OR THE MONEY !
 I had high hopes for the latest version of Windows , Vista . It looks stunning when you first load it , but expect the performance to match the look . Unless you have a very Vista capable PC , this product will not perform well at all . I have an Athlon dual core CPU with 2G or RAM and I experienced major lock-up when doing the simplest of tasks .
 I am a Microsoft Certified Professional and have been using Windows operating system all the way back to Windows 1.0 . Vista , bar none , is the worst experience I have ever been made to suffer . Recently bought software stops working , hardware and peripherals that worked OK with XP now do n't . Fax which worked with XP Home Edition no longer works with Home Premium . Microsoft has taken away something that I had , paid for and I feel this outright stealing ! I feel the term UPGRADE should be just that.Linux and Apple are looking better .
 I admit I am an idiot to try and install vista too early in it ` slifespan.I have to get some very advanced help to get my computer backup to speed.I will get back with a review once I have it installed successfully.What really ticks me off is there is no easy way to get help from Microsoft ... I have to seek out and pay for a consultant to clean upthe mess .
 I bought a new laptop in Dec 2006 . Specs
 I bougt a Vista ready laptop with 2 gb memory and dual core processors . It continuously locks up , sound does n't play , the wireless software is crap , etc. . I am going back to XP until Vista can figure out its problems .
 nice set up but has a lot of problems.the worst is it keeps closing the internet on you.wont let you install anti virus.and you need to upgrade your computor.can cost you 500 to 600 to change your computor .
 I really thought my laptop would love Vista , but the premium upgrade took exception to Windows XP professional -LRB- a lot of machines have this so why did Microsoft not provide a migration path without having to buy an even more expensive Vista upgrade package ? -RRB- As a result the upgrade jammed , I thought I had lost everything on the machine , and now I have to choose my old Windows XP everytime I switch on . I will ignore Vista until it is next computer buying time.Geoffrey Rivett
 I waited anxiously for the release of Windows Vista and now I releaze I should have waited . I own a 3 month old Dell notebook that worked fine up until I installed Windows Vista on Tuesday . Now I 'm having all kinds of program issues ; especially with iTunes and my iPod 30G ... seems they do n't get along very well . Why all these software conflicts ?!?!! It 's so damn frustrating for a company like Microsoft to release such a shoddy OS ! They 've had 5 years to perfect it . Take it from me ... WAIT until you buy a new computer or they fix the glitches .
 Rendered several good software programs useless ; Nero , Band in a Box , Real Recorder and Real Flight . After numerous attempts to remove Vista , finally brought out a spare computer and started using XP again.LarryTrussville AL
 I like Microsoft , but Vista makes the use of my computer so limited . I use 2 computers one with XP and one with Vista . I try to put everything on the Vista computer , but now have 4 programs that wo n't work on Vista and therefore I need 2 computers on my desk . I would immediately go back to XP on this computer , but right now I do n't have the time . Until drivers are updated on more programs I recommend using XP
 I am NOT a Microsoft hater ... I hate lousy software that wastes my time and costs far too much . Bought a new top of the line machine loaded with Vista ... returned it the next day . Time to go Apple , if I have to learn a new OS , time to go with what my friends have been urging for years .
 I was a hard core windows user before vista was released . After having it installed for a couple of months I have delete it . On bran NEW hardware you can expect
 Makes my brand new expensive computer crawl like a turtle . I do n't understand why Microsoft thinks we need a huge operating system that uses 90 % of our computers resources ? Why ? In my opinion an OS should be light and operate quietly in the backround . It 's supposed to be just a tool for productivity!Microsoft has gotten way too big for it 's britches . I think they have forgotten the basic philosophy of a good operating system . Progress is n't measured by time it 's measured by ingenuity , and Vista has nothing to offer . Also I 'm highly suspicious of all the positve reviews . Do n't believe them , Vista is terrible .
 I bought a new computer in January of 07 it was made compatible for Vista but the program wisent out yet ; I was excited to get it when it came out . I bought it and installed it and have had nothing but problems , the printers I have are not compatible with it the office programs I have do n't work correctly , my external back up hard drive does n't work correctly either , none of the items people have now are compatible with Vista , so unless you want to spend a Lot of money I would jut stay with Windows XP it was a great operating system , Vista has changed the way of saving files and looking up files and have security issues , when you want to delete something it will ask you if your sure , you say yes and it you ask you again if your sure , I do n't under stand why windows thinks you should do every thing twice , I have a computer to make my life easer not more complicated .
 After having such a horrible time with Windows ME , I went back to Windows 98 and decided that I will move over to Linux when I get a new PC.The time came for me a couple of weeks ago . I do n't like Windows XP -LRB- how long does it take to kill a task ? -RRB- I just recently got a new PC with Windows Vista installed on it . I figured I 'd try it out before making a decision . It took about 40 minutes to get running , and when it did , it was incredibly SLOW . Not only that , everything has been re-arranged . That combined with all the bad experiences on the net re-enforced my decision to proceed with my previous plan . I formatted the hard drive and went dual boot with Win2k -LRB- which is quite good -RRB- along with Ubuntu Linux -LRB- which is also quite good -RRB- . I find it very difficult to believe that so many people are accepting the idea that new operating systems are supposed to be buggy -LRB- would you buy a new car that has no oil , is covered in dents , is missing the windshield wipers and force yourself to be happy with it ? -RRB- . Not all of Windows products came out of the box full of problems . I 've had a fairly good experience with Microsoft products up until Windows ME.Win2k works very well on a first install , as does Ubuntu Linux . Since Vista 's layout has completely changed and you 'd have to get used to a whole new layout , now is a very good time to switch to a different operating system . Win2k will forever be my last Windows operating system . If I need anything up-to-date , I can find it in Linux .
 I 'm so mad that Microsoft let a piece of garbage like Microsoft Windows Vista be put out into the market place . Microsoft should not only be embarrassed by what they threw out to the public , but also they should be ashamed of themselves for putting out such an inferior product . How could Microsoft put out a crappy product like this and be able to sleep at night?I 've always love everything Microsoft has put out in the past . I have Microsoft Windows XP and I love it . It is by far the best OS out there right now . Right now your basically paying a lot more money to upgrade to Microsoft Windows Vista which has a few more bells and whistles then Microsoft Windows XP . So you have to ask yourselve this question
 Vista feels good and looks good . If it comes with a new computer go for it . If you are an XP user stay with XP until your computer dies . If you have lots of time to spare , money to buy updates for your existing software , money for more memory , money for a larger hard drive ... then go for it . To get Vista to work I had to do a clean install , then reinstall all my programs . Pc-cillian , the recommended Virus checker mucked things up so another clean install this time using AVG , an excellent virus checker . A couple of my photo editing programs , Photoshop Elements and Picasa had issues with Vista and my HP Slide scanner would not work , driver issues . Then . . Vista 's Windows Media Player , forget it . Use WinAmp , an excellent media player . My D-link media server would not work with Vista , firewall issues between my wireless router and Vista . I reinstalled XP with AVG virus and I 'm back in business .
 I upgraded a 3.0 ghz Duo Dell and found that Vista is nothing an overpriced windows skin . There are absolutely no benefits to the OS compared to XP . Just get XP pro and load windowblinds and yahoo widgets and save yourself a headache and $ 200 .
 Seriously , Microsoft should be ashamed . If any other company had produced something like Vista , they would now be bankrupt . Purchased a laptop that had Vista installed on it . Had troubles from day one . Absolutely could not set up my network . I previously had two computers that ran on XP . They were doing fine on the network . No peripherals work . For the average user , the problems greatly outweigh any benefits Vista has over XP .
 I bought Vista , do n't do it . Not only are there compatability issues but other problems as well . Example
 This is the most pathetic OS I 've ever dealt with . When ever my laptop went into sleep mode when I went back on the screen was all messed up and flickering . All my programs transferred over but only half of them worked the way they used to . My antivirus no longer was fully functional even after re-installing . You get a stupid prompt with every frickin ' click of the mouse . To make it worse it DOES N'T LET YOU DOWNGRADE BACK TO XP !!! I reformatted my HDD and I 'm reinstalling XP . Screw you MS. I 'm upgrade to Vista when you actually get it working which will probably be 3 or 4 years from now . What a joke !!!
 Sorry , Amazone will not take a negative 1 star for vista!Vista , Moore and Homer SimpsonHow do they tie together?Gordon Moore , Chairman of Intel made a self fulfilling prophecy that every 18 months his engineers managed to pack twice as many transistors in same silicon area . And became partly responsible for filling up the landfills , changing India into major exporter of C++ speaking programmers , American suburbs into Springfields housing Simpson clone families , and of course turn Microsoft into Umbrella corporation and windows into T-virus that you can not run away from . If he had made wrong observation and said 12 months , we would be on turbo ride to doom . He could have said 24 months and our doom buggy would run at the speed of Windows Vista.But what is wrong with windows Vista?It is different . Changes are good ; the clich&eacute; ' goes.Yes , it is different but for sake of being different . Smart people realize that being different for no good reason is no good . Richard Fynman invented a whole set of symbols he used in his mathematics , and realized that it was stupid . Being helpful and humble -LRB- one heck of a guy and smart enough to later bag Nobel for Physics -RRB- he promptly corrected his mistake and went back to using the good old symbols used by everyone from Newton to Ramanujan to Hawking . Microsoft , the all powerful god of our times does not need to be humble , smart . They could buy Nobel and all the heck of guys including me and you . Their armies of programmers had to be fed and kept busy , like the armies of Temur . Feed them , keep them fighting , they will land you the world . Keep them idle , they will destroy all . Leave these programmers , they will go invent something useful instead of day after day coding lines of useless changes.What is different in Vista?Menu 's are in different places , icons are called different names and do different things and since darn Moore said 18 months to double density of transistors , they reasoned that the same CPU will run twice as fast so they could let vista eat twice as much computation power and so Johanny will need a new computer in 18 months so he could play Doom at the same speed without getting frustrated . Mom and dad will very willingly buy a new laptop with Centrino Duo double core processor -LRB- the 18 month rule is gagging to keep alive ; need two processors -RRB- and old one goes to landfill , everyone is happy , parent happy to give out guilt money and food chain from Micorsoft down to the lowly computer tech happy to take it.And yet , the real meat is still the same . It takes several clicks to get to Internet properties and there , the real tech stuff goes back to the old XP , a far cay from the earlier windows that was bad enough . In nutshell , as my boss would say ; `` it is a dressed up pig . '' Insides of vista are just as rotten but we were used to it , outsides are dressed up so much that we have to learn it again ! It is a damn operating system ; and anyone who understands , operation system is just a necessary evil . I may want to spend my time learning an application like Autocad or Photoshop , not the operating system . I would put it this way
 When WinXP came out I refused to abandon my reliable Win98SE until SP2 was released and WinXP finally became an operating system -LRB- from the experimental eye-candy it first was -RRB- . Experts advise us to do the same with WinVISTA - yet I do not think this is ever gon na happen ... WinVISTA is far WORSE than the initial release of WinXP
 Only after the DVD arrived and I began installtion , did I get a Microsoft pop-up advising that my installation of Vista on top of my desktop 's XP Pro could not proceed . Being Microsoft , no further information was given . After going through the awful Microsoft `` help '' telephone line -LRB- 20 minutes just to take down my product key etc -RRB- , I was advised by the tech rep that you can not install Vista Home on top on XP Pro ... you must install Vista with option 2 , which erases ALL your current programs and data . Its basically a re-format of your hard drive -RRB- . If you buy the more expensive `` Business Vista '' apparently you can install over XP -LRB- hmmm -RRB- . Though I had used Vista 's `` upgrade compatibility '' site , NO mention was made of this ... in fact , it said everything was a go.Secondly , the default DVD in the package is 32 bit ... if you want 64 bit -LRB- and its definitely preferable -RRB- , you have to order it and pay at least $ 10 for the disk.Third , there are definitely unresolved networking issues if you have a home network with some older computers that will still be running pre-Vista windows products - XP , 2000 etc. . I have been advised that there are no known fixes for this problem , which prevents your pre-Vista computers from seeing files on the Vista computer . -LRB- The Vista computer can see the XP computer 's files . Note this is about file sharing , not internet connectivity - once you get all the router and firewall settings etc right , you can connect to the internet -LRB- well , I was able to , after 6 hours or so of fiddling around -RRB- ... If MS has a fix , its as usual buried somewhere deep in that morass named MS Help . `` I have Vista on my new laptop . . its as good as XP was ... no better so far as I can tell ... continuing with all the same compatibility headaches and security concerns.I would never buy Vista if I didnt have to ... in fact , next time its Apple computers for me .
 This is the worst of the worst of Microsoft 's Upgrades when it comes to using your present software . You will have to upgrade everything and some you will not be able to upgrade at all . For example , I had Trend 's Anti Virus . I had to download an 80MB Vista version , but at least it installed easily . I was not so lucky with other software . I tried to install my fairly new Norton Partition Magic -LRB- version 8 -RRB- , but there was no upgrade . My other software , including my favorite graphic programs had the same problems . It was so bad , I blew it away and installed XP Pro . To be honest I should have never upgraded beyond windows 2000 pro . Reason
 Just got a new Dell Dimemsion 521 today with Vista , im so exhausted trying to fix problems with it . Even the techs could n't help me . I hate Vista -LRB- for now -RRB- , I miss good old XP , maybe I just got a bad copy and im missing files , I dont know . I do know that I have never had so much trouble with a previous windows OS like this before . Errors all over the place , re-installed it and now its worse ! I give Visata -5 stars
 I have been running a version of Windows since 3.1 came out years ago . Thus , I was very excited to get Vista as soon as it came out . It 's been a few weeks now , and I find it hard to accurately describe my frustration . Listerally as I write this -LRB- on a laptop using XP pro -RRB- vista media center on my desktop is freezing up.The computer I use to run Vista is a dell 8300 , 1gb ram , geforce 6200 w/256mb , p4 3ghz . I have done clean reinstallations twice , with the same problems . Media center looks great -LRB- as does everything in vista -RRB- , but it freezes , restarts , or loses video audio sync at least 50 % or the time . Furthermore , even though it should have the ability to use multiple tv signals -LRB- like cable and an HD antenna -RRB- , this is does not work yet . Finally , With the exception of simple internet browsing on IE , all other programs run SLOWLY , and often cause freezes or sometimes cause a `` serious '' or `` critical '' error . Very often , a hard restart is the only solution.Furthermore , driver support is TERRIBLE . My creative soundblaster audigy 2 driver supports only two speakers , which sound sound much less powerful than they did in XP . My nvidia geforce 6200 driver -LRB- which crashes ALL OF THE TIME -RRB- has to restart and recover from a `` serious error '' literally once or twice every 15 minutes . Furthermore , it does not even support multiple monitors yet -LRB- not even clones -RRB- , which makes media center much less useful . My ati tv wonder 650 is able to pick up HD signals , but media center can not stream them , the only way to watch HD is to record it and THEN watch it ... very annoying.There is much more to write , but I am getting frustrated just writing this . I understand that this is just my experience , but remember that I have tried VERY hard to like Vista , but it just was n't ready to be released . I am completely dissatisfied . Bill Gates , I 'd like my money back !! Or , better yet , I 'd like a fix for vista . Now I must go , because media center -LRB- on which i was watching tv -RRB- literally just froze up again !!!
 How is the most tested software not able to support my HP All in one printer -LRB- not supported by Vista and there are no patches in place ! This shut down my business and cost us money because we could n't use the equipment . I am planning to uninstall this crap software and return for refund.In addition it knocked out my HP wireless printer connection , again not supported by Vista.Also took out older version of Word , Excel and powerpoint.And one more issue the new Windows mail gives you no real instructions if you have an HTTP mail service like MSN , understand the reasons but I was not warned and when I followed Vista 's instructions it directed me to set up a hotmail account which is HTTP and is not connectable to Windows mail.OK I could list more but this is by far Microsofts worst launch in history , several friends & I will be moving to Apple when we buy our next PC . Way to go to VISTA !!!!! Give Gates more money for crap !
 If you buy a new computer with Vista , go ahead and also buy a copy of XP , format your drive , and install XP . Or better yet , just throw the computer out the window or have someone bash you to death with it , it will be less painful . The computer that can run Vista fast will not be invented for 100 years . Everything will turn to pain , and you will wish you were dead if you try and use it . And dual boot , do n't even think about it.P.S . It does have a decent repartitioning software .
 Vista is not even worth one star - it is a complete loss for anyone who buys it . All of the features are not worth it - even if it did work on any computers that say ` Windows Vista Capable . ' I just bought a brand new Sony laptop with great specs and a sticker that says ` Windows Vista Capable ' - and it could n't be farther from the truth . Now Microsoft is under a MASSIVE law suit for false advertising - and I think Sony should be too - because they advertised to me that if I bought this laptop , I could run Vista on it . After days of un-installing , installing and countless headaches , and tons of software that is n't compatible -LRB- what on earth is the point of getting some fancy new looks when none of your favorite , most used software can run on it ?? -RRB- this is a definite negative addition to my life , and many others . Everyone in my husband 's office also say how awful it is - after such a hassle to get it on - it 's totally not worth a dime . Now I am willing to PAY to get it off my computer and put Windows XP back on it . I want to be part of the massive law suit , and get my money back for this .
 I have a sony vaio that is 9 months old , I bought the vista home premium upgrade and it has cost me $ 400 including the upgrade to get it to work like the ad 's show . If I 'd have known this I would have waited a year . This is a total rip off and lack of information from microsoft , they say your computer is ready to upgrade but the cool features wont work unless you spend $ 150 on a new graphics card and have 1 gig of memory . My mac mini which I bought a year ago does everything that vista does . Once you buy the software you are commited to get it to work . Stick with XP , it works , my browser keeps freezing with vista so I have to go ...
 You may only trust Vista if it comes with a brand new PC.It will run fine.DO not try to clean install or upgrade on a branded computer -LRB- especially Sony or Toshiba -RRB- . Stay out of it ! You will have bugs all over.It is not as easy it looks.Buy a new PC if you really want Vista or buy a Mac and install Boot Camp to run Vista on it.Vista works on Mac better than PC 's .
 Vista makes WindowsMe look good . MS changed almost everything without improving it . I wish I purchased my new PC with XP . The lack of customer empathy MS has demonstrated is shocking . Try uninstalling software ! Watch it crawl as you try to open an email while loading a DVD.Migrating from XP to Vista reminded me of migrating from a IBM typewriter to a PC .
 This program sucked . the upgrade sucked . I received this upgrade with my original purchase of a sony vaio . The disc arrived late . Very late . six weeks later than promised by Sony . The initial install went slow but successful . Although , I thought . The next morning I discovered that none of the computer functions worked . I learned that I had to download drivers from sony . Only the download process was incompatible with Vista . So I had to download each individual driver separately , some taking 11/2 - 2 hours to download . no big deal except that you NEED TO DOWNLOAD 35 driver upgrades !!!!!!! I was then informed on one of my many calls and online chats that the downloads would have worked quickly with XP . I could have converted back and download but that would be just as painful.If I had purchased this software it would have been returned . Instead like the others I need to figure out if coverting back to XP in which this comnpter was a true wizard will be as painful . Save your mony to buy a gun and shoot yourself in the head . Trust me . I am a doctor . That would be less painful than upgrading to Vista . The government should reinstate the lawsuit against Microsoft for this act alone !!
 This apparently untested software is not ready for general release.Windows Media Player version 11 -LRB- which is now apparently a `` core '' part of the Vista operating system -LRB- and is therefore un-uninstallable -RRB- crashes both itself and Internet Explorer everytime I run across a web-page that has video on it -LRB- which is an increasingly common on most destination web-portals -RRB- . This is all on brand-new hardware that was sold as `` Vista-ready '' . Do n't waste your money ... or more importantly your time ... until a more stable version or bug-fix -LRB- service pack -RRB- comes out.Tim
 This software should have never been released . It is not ready . Two machines several tries and no luck.Save your money , stick with XP
 I ca n't believe this . This is the buggiest , stupidest thing I have ever done . I spent a thousand dollars on a new computer , and it is absolutely terrible . Do n't buy this for a while , if ever .
 If you want Vista , buy a new computer . The upgrade is ridiculous , crashes my machine , and the incompatibilities are a mile long . I doubt I will ever get the upgrade to work , and I am a fairly sophisticated computer user.Also , the marketing claims it comes with both 32-bit and 64-bit , which is patently untrue - you have to send away for the 64 bit , which costs an additional $ 10 . Take a pass , buy a new computer in a few years with it pre-installed . Really disappointing
 I was able to compare 2 very similar laptops , one with XP Home , and one with Vista Home.First let me mention that I have NEVER had a problem with my XP Home Edition laptop -LRB- except for the monitor breaking ... but that 's another story -RRB- . I have had the Vista laptop for only a week , and if Vista did n't come pre-installed , I would go back to XP in a heart beat.Problems that Visa has that XP did n't have :1 -RRB- It locks up . Ok , let 's open task manager . . so where 's the process that 's hung up ? It 's hidden . Nice -LRB- sarcastic tone -RRB- . I get to spend the next half an hour closing 4 open browser windows .2 -RRB- Ok ... let 's try the web cam . Oops , sorry , no drivers for Vista . Great -LRB- sarcastic tone again -RRB- .3 -RRB- Let 's try installing an application -LRB- Mozilla Firefox -RRB- . Oops , does n't work properly on Vista -LRB- ca n't uninstall properly either -RRB- . I did n't need that application anyway , right ? -LRB- more sarcasm -RRB- 4 -RRB- How about installing Object Doc -LRB- a free-and-really cool toolbar . . works great in XP and 2000 -RRB- . Ok , it `` kind '' of works ... barely . Try installing and you 'll see what I mean . It 's not consistent .5 -RRB- Memory hog . . It has these switching pictures on the desktop , magically closing windows , and new sounds . OOOh ... wow . . For this I needed an upgrade ??? Where 's the beef ? -LRB- so to speak -RRB- 6 -RRB- Battery running low ? Let 's not tell you that it 's running low , let 's just shut the computer down . Hey , you did n't want to work anyway , right ? -LRB- yes , more sarcasm -RRB- Remember , I have only had the laptop a week !!!! Sheesh ! I 'm scared to see what happens next week.Does anyone have an XP Home Edition CD to trade for a Vista recovery disk ??? -LRB- No , this is NOT sarcasm -RRB- UPDATE ... 2 weeks laterThis OS continues to disappoint ! My laptop has a card reader , but it 's unusable because it does n't have any drivers ! I checked the manufactures website . . nothing.Please ... I want my XP back ! There is absolutely no benefit to Vista other than the flashy closing of the windows . The fancy UI does nothing if the applications do n't work !
 Having been tempted by Microsoft 's marketing of Vista 's sexy new interface I upgraded one of my computers to Windows Vista from XP . I ran Microsoft 's upgrade adviser and got he all clear to install Vista Home Premium edition on my 15 month old Dell 710M laptop -LRB- 2 gig RAM , 2 ghz Pentium chip -RRB- . I opted to upgrade in situ rather than do a fresh install . What a disaster ! The installation software is poorly designed . After it asks you to enter the product code it runs the upgrade adviser again , then starts the installation . In my case it ran into a problem installing a driver about 50 minutes in . It stopped the installation and dropped out without any further details about what driver was causing the problem . I made two more 50 minute long attempts to install before I got the blue screen of death . The computer was hopelessly hung at start up.I then decided to do a fresh install which means wiping all programs and data off the hard drive . This worked but 12 hours after starting the upgrade process I was left with essentially a new computer with just Vista on it . All my applications had to be reinstalled , registered and preferences set up once more.Finally , to add insult to injury Vista decided my video hardware was n't up to running the fancy interface and left me with the basic look -LRB- not much better than XP -RRB- . I 've since learned that the Intel graphics card on the 710M can not be upgraded.Why did n't the upgrade adviser tell me my hardware would not run all the features of the version it was advising me to buy ? I feel like I 've been scammed by Microsoft and I will be seriously considering a -LRB- much more expensive -RRB- MAC when it comes time to change the Dell.Do yourself a favor and do n't touch Vista .
 After 72 hours I have reinstalled XP on my Lenovo T61 . Here 's why :1 . Incompatible with existing software . Too many applications are not compatible with Vista . For example , QuickBooks 2005 wont work with it . So there 's another $ 200 at least to spend .2 . Network connectivity . Hit the wireless router just fine , and logged into our home-office network just fine . But Vista refused to then see the network , so no file sharing or printer sharing . Hours were required to hunt down the cause and resolve it .3 . Boot and shutdown speeds . Vista took a 60 second XP boot and doubled it . Ditto for shutting down .4 . Install size . The Vista install is enormous .5 . Nothing new . For the money , the most obvious benefit is an interface change . It looks great - slick , professional , crisp . But that was it .
 I wanted a new computer , so a couple months ago I ordered an HP computer that happened to have Vista on it . I thought , `` oh great , I 'll get the newest OS as well '' ... major mistake .1 . Did n't work with my perhipherals , including my scanner and an HP PRINTER . For god 's sake , the COMPUTER 'S AN HP , why wo n't it work with an HP printer !? If they knew the drivers for perhipherals were n't ready , why the did they release the OS and force us to buy it ? 2 . Annoying security feautres , constantly asking permissions to install software . Just like the Apple ads -- a total joke .3 . After struggling with the damn thing for 2 days , I decided to try to install old trusty xp on it ... $ 200 later , guess what ? You CANT INSTALL an earlier operating system ! Booting from the CD does n't work either , you get the blue screen of death . Maybe some tech geek can do it , but I 'm done wasting time with this thing .4 . All that agony , for what ? The `` fancy '' interface ? Who cares what it looks like , I just want to use my damn scanner ! I 'm sure all those slick effects suck up RAM and resources , for what functional purpose ? Just to look more like mac ? 5 . ... Speaking of which , I am now switching to . Goodbye windows , after 15 years of struggling with your crappy software , I 'm done .
 `` WOW '' Vista deletes Windows XP `` WOW '' My Vista installation failed `` WOW '' My computer does n't start up anymore `` WOW '' MS tech support does not know how to use Vista `` WOW '' I ca n't re-install Vista upgrade because the 1st install deleted XP `` WOW '' I have to reinstall windows XP , then SP 1 + 2 , then Vista again `` WOW '' MS tech support has no back up plan for failed installations `` WOW '' `` NOW '' I am a mac user ...
 The first time I started Windows Vista on my brand new notebook computer , I was shocked to find it using 650mb of RAM just booting it up . Right away I had to battle with lots of issues with incompatible software that was working fine on my Windows XP . I have read that there is already a number of security vulnerabilities that need patching and also computer security experts are criticising the design of Vista . Things like Internet Explorer are integrated into the OS , so if a hacker finds an exploit in IE , then they have found an exploit in the OS ! Same goes with media player.The company I work for has over 150 PC 's running Windows XP . Windows Vista has almost rendered every machine out of date due to the amount of processing power , memory , video requirements , and disk space requirements of Windows Vista . For what benefit ? Cool aero effect ? Microsoft can stick that up their bum ! I was expecting to continue doing the stuff I normally do on XP except with some improvements , I did n't get that from Vista . I want real operating system features , not just cool special effects . I want a OS that goes fast , is efficient , is secure , is well designed , without stupid restrictions , is not over priced , is flexible , does not change radically every few years , and does not annoy me with stupid prompts when I do something.It definitely has the wow factor , like `` wow , look at how much memory its eating up ! '' . `` Wow , look at how slow my computer is now ! '' . `` Wow , nothing works ! '' . I guess it is clear now the direction Microsoft Windows is heading in . In the future we can expect it will just keep getting bigger and more bloated . There will be more restrictions , security flaws will still be part of the design of Windows , it will be slower , it will require a more powerful PC , it will cost more , it will have more cool special effects and upgrading will be painful.As a result of my Vista experience I went and downloaded Ubuntu , which is free , so I tried it out . I was very happy with it , it just works . It only used 150 Mb of RAM when booted up , and my machine ran like a rocket . It 's a shame that all my current Windows software does not run on it unless I install a Windows emulator , otherwise I would go to Ubuntu . For the mean time I will stick to my Windows XP , everything works fine and it performs well . I do n't get what Vista is trying to achieve , I 'm not impressed at all .
 I am stunned at how poorly Microsoft has handled Windows Vista . Like several other reviewers , I ran the Vista diagnostic before purchasing and was told only one program would n't work . After install 5 programs would n't work and , you guessed it , it 's not the fault of Vista . The programs are `` old . '' All of 6 months old in one case and not more than 18 months in any . So now I need to add a video accelerator card to access most of Vista 's features . Ok . But my computer is only 18 months old and it 's hardly a paperweight . And why did n't the diagnostic tell me this ? I would have bought the card at the same time.But the real reason to stay away from Vista is the sheer awfulness of Microsoft 's `` support . '' Three times now I 've tried to get help from the Online Chat and each time has been worse and NONE has provided an answer better than `` we are aware of the issue . '' Serious issues , btw . Each time the `` tech rep '' spent more time trying to convince me to give them my phone number than answering my question . The `` dialogue '' was literally canned - the exact same language each time . And it took forever . The shortest chat was 45 minutes and the longest was over 90 minutes . All that for no actual solution.Save your money and stay with XP .
 Horrible!It 's so secure you wo n't be able to view or use anything!STAY with XP , it took a week to get most things going . And I will have to spend another week going back to XP so my system works again .
 As far as I 'm concerned Microsoft could have made a service pack 3 or 4 for windows XP Pro . Then you could apply the patches needed to run the upgrade . As far as I 'm concerned Microsoft is out just to make money . Thats all they care about . Windows XP Pro will be my last windows os , I myself will be changing over to Lenix OS . I ca n't belive that Microsoft went to all this trouble to make Vista . With all the different versions to boot . People if you want to upgrade to Vista be my guest . Microsoft can have and keep their Vista OS . I am removing mine and reinstalling XP Pro until I do my change over to Lenix OS . I will never purchase a new computer with Vista on it .
 I bought this product to improve my Windows operation . It did not do that . Despite me checking with Microsoft that my computer was capable of operating this system -LRB- and getting the all clear that it could -RRB- it turns out that it can not . Secondly , the descriminatory pricing of this item to UK consumers as compared with the cost in the US -LRB- where we are not allowed to buy and ship it from Amazon -RRB- is disgraceful and flies in the face of consumer rights . Thirdly , It becomes clear once you get the product that , you are only allowed to operate one licence on one computer ; if you have more than one computer -LRB- say , a pc and a laptop -RRB- then you are obliged to buy the software twice -LRB- that 's ok , but the descriminatory price is till there -RRB- . Fourthly , when you try to buy a second licence online from Microsoft the service is not operational yet ! So you ca n't get a second licence at the moment even if you wanted to . Lastly , the upgrade is just not worth it - XP is a far better system . Most of the features in Vista are already bundled into Apple software . I 'm afraid this product has only served to drive me away from Windows and into the hands of Apple . I 'm buying a Mac and will never purchase another Windows based pc again . If I could return the product to Amazon and get a refund I 'd do it . I now have one of the world 's most expensive coasters adorning my desk - my Vista upgrade disk . It 's the only decent thing I can use it for ! UPDATE
 I 've been reading the reviews for the Vista upgrade and have a few comments . First of all , it 's always better to do a clean install rather than an upgrade . Settings and installed programs just do n't carry over well from one OS to another . Secondly , there are many here who speak of problems with old software that ran in XP not running in Vista . This is to be expected because the software was n't written to run in an as yet unreleased OS . Anti-virus especially is incompatible as many learned the hard way . Vista requires a video card capable of supporting Direct X 10 , something older cards cannot/do not . Before upgrading to Vista you should weigh the benefits gained against the cost of upgrading your system . The system I built is compatible with Vista but I see no need to fix something that is n't broken . I 've learned that attempting to use software on a machine that is barely adequate is asking for trouble . I thought long and hard about upgrading but decided against it for now at least . This machine works great the way it is , probably because it 's capable of doing much more .
 Give Amazon a negative 10 for recommending and selling Vista software . The software is complete junk . I know that Amazon did n't design this software , but Amazon should have at least checked out Vista before they sold it . If they would have checked out the software first they would have known that Vista is a complete failure . It will be a long time before I can trust Amazon again .
 i am not bad mouthing window vista at all but what i was saying is to beware of the upgrade becaue of some errors you mite get do a clean install an you should be fine i love the windows products but the this upgrade in not is esay is the upgrades in the past and not for for beginner i got it working after about 4 or 5 tries and many hours
 Bill gates probably was running short of his multi-billion dollars and needed some extra pocket change . You need special amounts of memory and more money to upgrade to 64 bit . The apple commercials are right . You do need major upgrades to get vista . I went back to xp . I 'm done with windows for good.I 'm going to sell my computer and go to my macbook . Runs faster , and doesnt need special crap .
 Again windows tries to catch up to the superior Mac OSX but falls short . Apple was light years ahead of windows when the OSX was released and still proves so .
 Please stay away from spending money on this program . It makes you feel like you are a thief ... only supports microsoft programs , downloading files is a real pain , if not impossible , it crashes frequently , its heavy on the RAM . Its the worst thing that has happend to computers.The grafics are nice , though , but beware that all you 'll get to do is watch the pretty icons , everything else , EVERYTHING is a problem.I have to give it one star , but actually I rate it -5 stars .
 Vista came installed on a new PC , and upon start up I was pleasantly surprised by a number of aesthetic changes to the windows style , including the ` gadgets ' feature which is useful particularly if you visit the Microsoft website where they have posted a number of downloads offering a variety of features from scrolling weather and news to media playback , and so forth.Unfortunately , while Vista is pretty to look at , it falls short on substance . The menus have been reorganized to supposedly make things easier to find - perhaps even more logically structured as well - but after years of training under Windows 95/98 and XP , my mind simply does not think that way anymore !!! So , while I expect to embrace this new system of organization in the future , in the short term finding programs and files takes way too long exploring through a maze of options . -LRB- Remind anyone of a certain commercial ??? -RRB- More importantly , by shipping off what is in all intents and purposes a Beta version of Vista , Microsoft has left a number of kinks in the system - leading to various and sundry compatibility issues . While the system does not freeze with the frequency of ME , it certainly reboots unexpectedly to the same degree . Hence in this regard Vista reminds me of the ill-fated operating system that prompted Microsoft to quickly re-issue a new ops system in XP . -LRB- Of note
 for the time i spent screwing around with this useless piece of sofware aprox 49 hours Ive gone back to XP I dont know why I left , it was perfectly fuctional I didnt need specuial graphics to make my life more happier
 ABSOLUTELY THE WORST OPERATING SYSTEM EVER CREATED !!! DO NOT GET VISTA FOR ANYTHING !! IT IS FULL OF GLITCHES . DO NOT LISTEN TO THE MICROSOFT ADS !! Your computer WILL freeze , it WILL crash , and be 10 times slower ! Vista also leaves your computer completely open to viruses and spyware.The windows 95 was a better operating system . VISTA CONVINCED ME TO FINALLY GET A MAC , WHICH WAS BY FAR THE BEST COMPUTER BUYING DECISION I HAVE EVER MADE ! The mac operating system is completely user friendly , fast , no crashes , and NO VIRUSES !!! It 's just so better organized ... and with no glitches to report yet . PLUS , IT 'S READY TO USE RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX !!! DO NOT GET VISTA , GET A MAC !!!
 I was really looking forward to this . I went the day it came out and bought it from best buy , after they told me it would work with my Sony Vaio pc . I got it home and installed it . When it was installing I had to delete my Norton Internet Security and my external HD program . Then when it finally installed nothing worked . My keyboard , my outlook abd many other programs . I called Best Buy and they said they would install it . So there went 130 dollars from my pocket . Then I got it home after 4 days -LRB- when I had just had it there for a week getting windows xp reinstalled . -RRB- I got it homw and could n't wait . It still did not work . I bring it in and they say `` oh well your video card is not the correct kind . If you get one we will install it free . '' So there went 180 dollars more out of my pocket . Then I get it home and the video card makes my pc monitor go off after 10 minutes . As it had a year before . So not I havespent about $ 600 at best buy trying to get vista working . I am going to return vista tomorrow and tell them I want my money I paid them to install it back . Vista is not worth everything you have to go through . You get it and you will probably have to upgrade your memory , video card , hard drive ect . If you have ever seen the comerchial with the mac and pc guy and the mac is asking him why he 's upset and the pc guy is saying because hey are installing vista in me IT IS 100 % TRUE . I will soon be getting an apple lap top . But forget about vista . Its like taking a new cold pill that makes you worse and makes you have to get all kinds of medical work done on yourself after you tke it . Shame on you Microsoft . SHAME !!!!
 I recently purchased a very high end desktop that came installed with Vista Ultimate . Unbelieveable!New hardware , new software - exactly what does work with this over priced mess?If you buy this disaster , you better enjoy slow performnace and lots of blue-screens of death.Microsoft should offer free `` UPGRADES '' to XP , or ME for that matter.Why is n't there a zero or negative star rating ?
 Hey , this is the 32-bit version of Vista . AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! I wanted the 64-bit version . Now I have to go to the Microsoft website and spend another -LSB- ... -RSB- to get what I thought I was buying . -LSB- ... -RSB- Congratulations on upgrading to Windows Vista . The retail package product ships on DVD with 32-bit edition software , but two forms of alternate media are available to help meet your specific requirements :32 - bit CDIf your system features a CD drive but no DVD drive , you can order Windows Vista on CD-ROM . The installation files span multiple discs , so unattended installations are not possible.64-bit DVDIf your system features a 64-bit processor , you can take advantage of its advanced design by ordering 64-bit software media . You 'll get the same interface , features , and functions , but you 'll get them in an operating system that takes advantage of access to vastly more memory . All installation files are on a single disc . Please note that 64-bit media is included in the box with the purchase of Windows Vista Ultimate.The 64-bit version of Windows Vista is not for everyone . Please confirm that your system , applications , and devices are compatible with a 64-bit edition of Windows Vista before installing . Learn more about the 64-bit editions of Windows Vista.You can order either of these alternate media for a minimal fee , including shipping and handling . To order , you 'll need to supply the 25-character product key that came with your purchase . * You 'll find the product key on a yellow sticker on the back of your DVD media holder .
 Never again will I purchase an operating system upgrade . I will just wait until the next time I upgrade my whole computer . I purchased Vista Home Premium through my college bookstore to get the student discount and it has been a nightmare since . My computer is two and a half years old . For what I have spent to upgrade it for Vista , I could have bought a new computer . My Norton Antivirus had to go , it wount let me set my background to what I want and it wount let me download videos from the internet . The system keeps telling me I have to establish a relationship for it in the media folder . I go there and do exactly what it says and I still get the same errors . In addition , Vista doe n't like my printer . I own a Dell AIO A920 . I went on Dell 's website and they have a Vista driver , but it wount be available until sometime in April . God knows whether it will fix the problem or not . Fortunitly , I have a desktop and a laptop and I only loaded it on my desktop . I am using my laptop alot more because of this . The bottom like is Windows Vista sucks , it has caused nothing but problems with my computer that I loaded it on , has forced me to spend $ on hardware upgrades and is not worth the money , even with a student discount . Do n't get it , do n't get it , do n't get it . Wait until you upgrade your whole computer system .
 Vista may be a good upgrade a year down the road , but not yet.Many hardware manufacturers have no drivers for vista.Looks nice on the eyes , but works as slow as windows 95 . Will give it another try after its been out a while . But for now I will stick with xp pro . I like speed and stability .
 Tried installing Vista Home Premium in my desktop computer , but would have had to change too many `` things '' . I did install it in my laptop , but it completely erased the hard drive before install , then when I finally got the laptop loaded again it would n't run my favorite programs , `` Paint Shop Pro '' , PictureIt to name only two . Vista has been sent to the dust shelf , XP is reloaded into my life .
 Vista home premium that I have received from you the CD did not match the product to key number .
 I bought this edition last week , I put in om my computer after running the test adviser , it said everything was okay to run . After installing , could not get on internet , It said I had no sound card . Many other programs also would not work . It also blocks the paetion for a recovery . So I ended up with a computer that would not do any thing . I called Microsoft service , you have 90 days free service with them , they had no idea what to do . I called HP , they said that the retail version , wipes out the entry to the recovery partion on the computer . They sent me 9 recovery disks . Computer back running again , thanks to HP . I will keep XP till I have to buy a new computer . This computer surpasses the required specs . for Vista .
 After writing a glowing review about my new laptop that came preinstalled with Vista which worked well for about 24 hours ... the horror story began from there . Microsoft must be out of its mind . The program is VERY buggy . I 've spent 4 solid days trying to install and reinstall programs ... I 've even wiped the whole thing and tried a new install to get my new laptop to perform some of the most basic tasks we expect today . I 've purchased ALL new basic software -LRB- Quicken , new Office , etc -RRB- ... and even a brand new HP printer that is supposedly Vista certified . I 've spent hours on the phone with Dell to resolve a handfull of buggy issues ... no results . Folks , I 'm working with all new hardware and software ... and Vista is not compatible with anything . The program sucks . And I wish I would have stayed with XP . If you want to spend thousands of dollars as I have , only to find Vista sucks , then go ahead . Not even the latest and greatest of everything works on Vista.SAVE your money and wait , folks . Vista seems great , but nothing works with it . If I could turn back time , I would . I have a new and expensive computer that does not function well , a new printer which after 3 days I ca n't get to work propertly ... and built in CD/DVD drive that keeps locking up the system ... not to mention all new software ! Vista is so buggy I do n't know where to begin to resolve the issues . I 'm not a novice either . I know computers really well . Vista is completely buggy !! Microsoft REALLY screwed up this time.DON ' T DO IT !! You will be sorry !!
 Incredibly disappointed . I was happy with XP , now that I 'm on Vista I 've had to get accustomed all over again with operating a computer . This includes learning how to uninstall programs , navigate folders , changing options , and the like , all over again . I 'm also using a much upgraded , more recent computer and the speed of powering up , shutting down , opening programs is the same as it was under my older , cheaper computer using XP . In short , I feel like I 've spent a lot of money to get exactly what I had before using an older computer and XP , not withstanding the nuisance of familiarising myself with something new all over again . If I could choose again I 'd have just stuck with windows XP .
 I have never imagined that a company like Microsoft or any company can release such defective software to the market.Few weeks ago I bought a new HP computer with the new Vista installed on it . In my 25 years using many computers , I have never encountered such a slow badly performing operating system . After 3 days , I returned the computer to the store and asked if they have any new computer with out Vista . Unfortunately , it is not available any more.Microsoft has decided that Vista is the future , and it is very hard to find any new computer in the market with the old friendly Windows XP.I ended up buying a used computer with Windows XP.This new Vista really sucks
 I would LIKE to imaging an operating system without problems but alas , I must wait until the NEXT Microsoft offering to attain that blessed state . VISTA was not given the huge sendoff that marked other Operating Systems and for good reason . Little changed in appearance and operation -LRB- a few bells and whistles -RRB- and the problems are legendary - from crashes to slow processing to almost every quirky problem known to man or beast.As bad as these are , `` support '' is worse whether it be Gateway , MSFT or your friendly provider . I had problems upon installation ; the misnamed `` Tech expert '' demanded payment up front -LRB- my PC is 5 months old -RRB- & after a few seconds insisted I had a `` corrupted hard drive '' OR `` bad OS disk '' . My teenage son said , `` Dad , load the drivers '' which worked . OF course that was not the end - pretty soon a popup every few seconds tells me Explorer has stopped working . The `` expert '' -LRB- an apparenly self-defined term -RRB- had the nerve to tell me it was something `` new '' -LRB- check Google -RRB- and then , you guessed it , bad hardware . My son & his buddies solved it rather quickly , restoring from Safe Mode.Now it 's bombing on Deep Sleep , that infuriating device flaunted by MSFT as their soljution to `` Going Green '' -LRB- allegedly , $ 69/yr is saved -RRB- . As one can guess , there are more problems associated with this `` feature '' than a sex maniac in a girl 's locker room . It is not so much the product as the lack of knowledge from our overseas friends who take our calls . Some do n't even try to hide the fact that they 're simply reading down a list ... `` Nummer 3 , haf you reecent instaw new device ? '' No , I haf not . LOL
 Flaky , slow , interminable warning messages . We waited 7 years for this ?
 My computer was running fine until I tried to upgrade . First it took almost 2 hours to install at the last 3 % it found a error and was going to roll back . Well it never did . It erased everything . It went to a dos prompt . Called help line and it took 3 hours to just reload . When it was done , I had no files or any of my programs on the hard drive . Not only that but he said I had to install again to register . It takes forever to install . Took forever to get in touch with someone , they were in Nova Scotia , and I still do not have a working computer . I have to try and get a recover program to get my files back . I recommend staying away from this product for upgrades .
 You can bet those people gaving Vista a good rating here , work for the company . It 's a piece of JUNK . If you have a good working XP , or anything else , please do n't buy Vista . I bought it a month ago already installed on a good HP computer . I 've worked on it from sun-up to sun-down for a month and still , all I 've got is a pile of junk . And , it 's so slow , that you have to take a coffee break while it 's gathering up a program to run . Do n't buy their One-Care either . I 've owned Windows since `` 98 '' . I 'm considering re-installing my old HP/XP . It 's still here in the closet .
 It took me less than a week to have 2 blue screens.Huge compatibility problems with WinXP.Many of the applications I was using with WinXP , do not work properly , so make sure you have Vista drivers for your old webcam , scanner , printer , etc , or you might need to buy new ones.MS Outlook 2002 crashed the system after a few days and sent it into recovery mode , after which Outlook was wiped out and the Norton antivirus did not work anymore.Not only that , WMP11 gets the library corrupted at every reboot , Windows Movie Maker has plenty of bugs.All in all , I deeply regret the upgrade to VistaMicrosoft , this is unacceptable !! Get a SP quick ! You can not treat your customers this way !
 If you have an older computer , do n't buy ! Vista Premium will bog it down . If you want this for your business , do n't buy ! Vista is incompatible with alot of business -LRB- and home -RRB- software and peripherals -LRB- printers , monitors , etc -RRB- . I bought Vista BASIC HOME -LRB- not the Premium edition -RRB- new on a newer more powerful machine 1.8 Mhz Duo Core and it ran plenty fast and had some nice features but would n't take my monitor driver causing it to malfunction , and about half of my non-Microsoft software would n't install -LRB- Nero Burning , ACT , Home Lawyer , etc -RRB- . Take note that the PREMIUM EDITION is supposed to actually slow your system down but the Vista BASIC HOME with a new computer ran fast on my new system albeit incompatible with much of my non-microsoft software.At any rate , after a day of struggle I sent my computer back to Dell and bought their powerful Vostro 400 2.33 GHz + at a great deal with $ 420 off and opted for Windows XP instead . -LRB- at dell dot com just select desktops , then business computers , then the gold box at the top of the screen with `` smart buys '' and select you options -RRB- . It is better to start with the already powerful 400 than buy a cheaper Vostro 200 and add the better memory and processor later . In all fairness , I feel I should mention the obvious that Gateway and others have great bargains also.If your upgrade does n't work for you , you will have trouble downgrading as MS rigged Vista to make it near impossible to downgrade Home Premium without purchasing another copy of XP Pro -LRB- sounds illegal does n't it ! -RRB- . However , if you have a powerful newer home computer with at least 1 MB of RAM -LRB- 2 MB for Vista Premium -RRB- and do n't mind replacing much of your incompatible non-microsoft software and possibly peripherals -LRB- some drivers not available which may disable your monitor and printer - you can check first at their site for driver downloads for Vista -RRB- , I think you will like the new Vista in the HOME EDITION once you adapt to it . I had it on the new home computer I sent back and liked it with the exception of not running half of my software and making my monitor -LRB- Samsung SynMaster 173P -RRB- dysfuntion on occasion because it would n't take my driver . Vista is a little prettier and a bit more sophisticated than XP - but it is a little like switching from a powerful good handling sportscar -LRB- XP Pro -RRB- with a manual shift to a large powerful but lumbering luxury car with an automatic transmission and all the bells and whistles.As no manual comes with Vista , I recommend getting a book to avoid alot of head scratching and time searching and winding through Microsofts Help-Option with its sometimes limited explanations.THE WORD UPGRADE IS A CONTRADICTION WITH VISTA . It should only be installed on a recent powerful computer and currently should NOT BE INSTALLED on an older computer or on a business machine -LRB- software incompatability -RRB- . However , if you are getting a new machine for your home and want Vista already installed , then check out the unseen cost of buying some new software and if your hardware drivers are available for Vista and look at the Vista Home BASIC edition as it will be faster than the premium . Vista Basic Home has a user and guest account password -LRB- unlike XP Basic -RRB- and some parental controls.AT PRESENT , WINDOWS XP PRO IS A BETTER OPTION if you are thinking of buying a new machine and UPGRADING TO VISTA IS NOT A PRODUCTIVE OPTION AT ALL for the near future . If want to keep your software working and even have your machine speed up dramatically , I recommend buying a powerful duo core computer -LRB- 2MB Ram , 2.33 Ghz processor , 160MB + hard drive -RRB- from the business machine menu -LRB- as most home machines wo n't have XP Pro as an option -RRB- and having it configured with XP Pro on it . -LRB- you can still opt get a high end video card etc as on the home machines even though it is called business -RRB- . Then a year or so from now consider upgrading in the future to Vista when all the bugs and incompatabilities are worked out knowing that you have a powerful computer that can handle Vista with its heavy resource demands .
 I planned to install Vista onto a brand new computer , install programs from their original CDs onto it , then transfer everything over from a computer running XP . Well , that was the plan . Two of my programs on CD -LRB- less than a year old -RRB- did not work . Called the techs of each company . They said `` Oh , yeah , those programs are n't compatible with Vista . '' They 'd have Vista-compatible programs ready `` probably by next year '' . Big help.Vista was also extremely annoying to use . It kept asking constantly if I was sure I wanted to do certain things - it would ask once , then the screen would darken slightly , a new box would pop up and sometimes it would ask AGAIN if I was sure I wanted to do that thing ! AARRGGH ! There was no way to turn off this `` helpful '' feature . Believe me , I tried . There seemed to be no reason for this infuriating meddling . If someone wanted to bypass these `` security '' features , they 'd just have to have the patience of a saint and click `` yes '' several hundred times to achieve their goal ... The pop-ups and messages were continual when I was trying to install and transfer everything . Vista seems to consider the user a complete moron who ca n't possibly know what he 's doing . And it was way too slow . I 've used Windows 95 , 98 , and XP and none of them are anywhere near as frustrating , incompatible and annoying as Vista .
 Very simply this latest version of Windows has been a complete nightmare for me . My `` got ta have the latest '' partner insisted on it , and me being a not-so-technical person , I agreed . It was purchased and installed the very day it was released -LRB- THAT will never happen again . -RRB- I thought `` how bad could it be ? I 'll just have to learn the new icons , etc. '' Was I ever wrong . The internet connection does n't work properly , countless programs are incompatible , and files that were once very easily accessed are lost in a terrible maze of restricted areas . I just sat for almost an hour rebooting my computer over and over because a program I installed less than one year ago -LRB- for my Creative Labs MP3 player -RRB- will not run correctly using Vista and I am just now finding out that Vista is n't compatible with most of the things already on my computer . Someone at Windows should be taken out and shot .
 With XP , I went years with little to no problems . I upgraded to Vista Home Premium and the problems are flooding in with no end in sight . I blue screen 4 to 6 times a week , my printer is n't supported -LRB- no printing : - o ! -RRB- , my USB joystick is not yet supported , the help is not working properly , the new `` Sidebar '' is sending me error messages constantly , my DVD writer does not burn -LRB- and wo n't until Vista SP1 comes out -RRB- , games run slower eventhough I have dual core , many of my old programs have stopped working others crash in the middle of operation , and so on and so on ... One day Vista might be good , but right now I 'm sorry -LRB- very sorry -RRB- I bought it .
 Thank god I did n't have to upgrade my own computer with this not ready for prime time OS , instead I used on a text box here at work , where we need to be able to perform tests on different operating systems.I 've read many of the complaints others have had with Vista , and thankfully , my needs for the OS are so minimal that I have n't had to struggle with the same kinds of issues others have dealt with . My upgrade went fairly smoothly , although it did take forever.My beef with Vista -LRB- other than the sluggish performance , and the fact that I ca n't figure out what you really get other than a translucent interface -RRB- is that after I installed a new audio driver , that Vista keeps removing it , so that the only way to have audio working is to reinstall the driver , and then wait for Windows to uninstall it with no warning at all.How much time and money did MS put into this ? Pitiful , pitiful . Even MS apologist/cheerleader , PC Magazine , is starting to admit that this OS is a dog .
 Vista has ruined my computer life . I have a 3 month-old computer and upgraded from XP . Worst mistake I could have made-nothing is compatible with Vista . Itunes turned into a disaster area , the computer wo n't recognize my phone and Motorola says a patch is coming `` sometime in 2007 '' , my printer stopped working , my modem wo n't work with my router anymore-the list goes on and on . I 'm seriously thinking of either switching to Mac or going to XP Professional . I use that at work and it is far more stable than Vista for home .
 Plain and simple , Vista sucks . My first computer had 4 mbs of ram , could n't even process an mp3 , yet in terms of progression taking into consideration my 3 month old dual core things should be so much faster and so much smoother . This thing is a resource and power hog . Apparently macs sleep within 15 seconds or less , goodluck with vista , same with the relaunch . A program crashes everyday I use it , some randomly work and then stop working . Numerous programs are yet to be compatible and the only decent thing is the looks . Certain P2P programs cause my network to completely shutdown everytime I launch them . Being asked what to do 90 % of the time you double click something or asked if you want to open it -LRB- right after you just double-clicked it , duh ? -RRB- get annoying . Stay away from this unless you have extra money and really hate apple , or wait awhile and pray the service pack fixes at least half the crap . XP is much better , I 've never built up enough frustration to rag on a computer program and Ive had every windows since 3.1 . Vista sucks .
 This is the worse OS that I have ever worked with . I am sick and tired of fighting with it everytime I just want to rename a file . -LRB- the pointer keeps changing into a `` clock '' and booting me out of the prompt -RRB- . I ASSume that its the indexer , but am tired of dealing with it and the many other things this joke of an OS does to use up resources . -LRB- btw , I bought a very highend system that had vista home premium preloaded -RRB- Dont get vista !!
 I bought a new computer , fully expecting Vista to be an unusable horror show based on , well , every review I had read . I still purchased it , however , as I figured I 'd get used to it -- navigating new screens , new error messages , etc. . No big deal , right ? The music player was not intuitive at all -LRB- locating the folders to import my library , etc -RRB- , but I figured it out in about five minutes . I did not expect to find that most -- MOST of my peripherals were useless with this new operating system . Enhanced CD 's are not working , and screen savers -LRB- many from the enhanced CD 's -RRB- that worked like a charm on my former machine now give the aforementioned new error messages . More than that , a BRAND NEW COMPUTER SHOULD NOT RUN THIS SLOWLY . Yes , I do have the 2gig memory , dual core blah blah . What will happen to the run speed when I actually start to use this thing ? Most discouraging , however , is that my internet connection no longer works . I have a broadband connection through a major national carrier , and the drivers wo n't install because , get this , I need to have OS Win 98 or newer ... HAH ! Zing ! Bill Gates wins again . I once tried to get my friend , a former employee , to realize the evil of this man -LRB- depending upon how you spin the story , you can make the case that this college dropout started as a thief and continues as an extortionist -- and all his `` charity '' work -- read
 This is just a prettier version of Windows XP -- I do n't understand what all the hype was about.Microsoft has done a terrible job refining the PC operating system , and that 's really unfortunate , because I HATE Macs . As so many other reviewers have said , it 's best just to wait until you buy a new computer before upgrading .
 Vista has only brought stress to my life . So much does not work.Third party items like eFax do not work . Vista drivers will not be ready for months . I had to buy a new version of Office , 2007 , which I am unfamiliar with . I have had to buy a new printer . I work from my computer and have now lost days of billable time . I only upgraded as I had a pirate version of XP , unable to receive updates , even though I have the original disk ?! Do not buy Vista yet . Microsoft will make money , but if you work from your pc , you 'll lose .
 This is by far the worst product Microsoft has ever produced next to Xbox 360 . Very buggy and completely unsafe product to use . Windows is the standard used by the majority of computer users today , and yet some how Microsoft expects consumers to pay for this . It is a miracle the software even works ! But it ultimately does more harm than any virus created by a hacker . In the past , the company had trouble addressing various issues with Windows but at least made reasonable attempts at resolving the problems . The updates on the Windows website if applied to Vista may result in a total loss of data and files , and require the user to completely reload the Operating System . Now imagine yourself working on project that took many weeks of work and the operating system routinely updates one morning but the system can not even load ! Weeks of work would be flushed down the toilet due to the complete incompetence of some contracted programmer working at Microsoft.The total lack of reliability in Microsoft products in the past 2 years is completely unexplainable . The Xbox 360 is yet another product created by this so called company that is expected to be the main video game system of the next generation , but its plagued with hardware problems and has so far become a money losing debacle . In the past leading firms that sold inferior products that have ultimately lost business and the public has switched to competitors . It may finally look like Microsoft 's turn to ride off into the sunset has arrived .
 The list of problems with Vista is too great to list here , mostly because my blood pressure will rise to the point that my head explodes.know this
 Sorry , but Vista appears only to be for the wealthy . As the cost is an entire months rent for the cheapest version , it obviously is not meant for certain Americans , like students , the lower class , single income parents , the disabled , the elderly who do use coimputers , etc. . It is nice to know that Microsoft 's effort at improving things is only meant for the vanishing middle class and above . This effectively makes the item useless .
 Bought Vista for my older HP . The program gave me the green light so I finished the install . Now my computer acts like it is infected . Very slow and with many freezes . Tonight I am reinstalling Windows XP and getting a refund .
 Had a problem with the Product Key , Could not register this copy of Windows Vista upgrade , Had to exchange it ,
 When you buy the upgrade for XP it will not allow you to keep your current programs or data if you have XP Pro.That means your pictures , music , games , programs and whatever else would be wiped clean then re-installed . Now for me , who has been using this computer for 4 years with almost 400 gigs of stuff ca n't do that.So I give Vista 1 star for a cool box and being slick enough to get $ 150 dollars from me for a new coaster for my drinks .
 It 's like having to relearn the whole windows again . A lot of incompatibility issues with my gadgets . Not to mention the bugs by a fellow upgrader . I 'll just stick to XP until Micosoft stop supporting it ... . Why is this so complicated ?
 Is it just me or am I looking at a clone of Mac 's Tiger . Their are the widgets , located at the right , and the same feel as a mac , yet its not.Cancel , or Allow ?
 I 'm actually adding to the earlier reviewer 's comments regarding the 64-bit version . Ordering the DVD for the 64-bit version is NOT free . They charge $ 9.95 for the DVD and then tack on another $ 6 if you want `` expedited '' shipping and handling . This `` expedited '' shipping is via DHL and reduces your wait to receive the DVD from `` up to 10 days '' to `` up to 5 days '' . There is no option to order the media overnight or anything else.So yeah , if you want the operating system to take advantage of your 64-bit processor , and want Windows to give more than 2 GB of RAM to any given application -LRB- a big deal if you work with 3D software like I do -RRB- , you need to either buy Ultimate or wait a week or two to get the media.My real gripe is that there is NOTHING on the box stating this . In fact , the box even says `` 32-bit or 64-bit processor '' for the system requirements . And of course , once you 've opened the box to discover this shortcoming you are stuck . You ca n't return it and buy Ultimate instead .
 Personally , I found that this was a trying experience from the beginning . First off , few stores even carry Windows software , so that even locating the package is difficult . Thankfully there are on-line opportunities like Amazon to fulfill the dream.Physically installing this product was an even greater difficulty . I could not find this in a 3.5 '' format and had to upgrade my PC in order to be able to run the CD . After re-booting , I found that the CD was not mounted and that the software could not be recognized . I spent numerous hours on the phone with Microsoft Tech support , only to determine that the system requirements were not fully explained in the promotional literature . This upgrade requires an extremely fast processor , at least 512 Mb memory , minimum 40 Gb hard drive . In fact , the system architecture and operating system are completely different ! Who knew ? I can tell you it is definitely not recommended for the typical Apple II or Mac Plus customer.This is probably much better suited to the owner of a new PowerMac machine with the latest in video & IO features
 After realising that my old PC running on XP was much faster than my newly purchased Acer Pentium D , with 2GB RAM , I doubled the RAM to 4 GB to ... zero effect . Office 2006 further worsens the scenario as you get mad with the fatal `` ribbon '' . If you venture for Windows Vista be ready for a lot of frustration . Better stick to XP as long as possible .
 I just bought a new computer with vista on it and half my software will not run . I 'm going to return the computer and order one with XP !
 I have just three days ago purchased a new computer from Dell with Vista already loaded . It has been three days of frustration dealing with an unresponsive computer that takes forever to deal with the simplests of tasks . Removing AOL ... 1/2 an hour . Removing Norton ... another 1/2 an hour and I am not exaggerating . Starting up the computer takes forever . I am fairly knowledgeable about computers . I am a internet support agent who has been hearing complaints since day one about how slow this operating system and now I know what they are talking about . The excitement of buying a new computer has been totally destroyed by this unwieldy operating system . I am seriously considering sending this computer back to Dell and buying a Mac .
 New laptop came with it installed . -LRB- couple of months ago -RRB- I WANT IT OFF ! If I buy XP and install it will Vista still be doing it 's damage in the background or is there really a way to get this off of here?Unless forced at gunpoint ... do n't do it !
 I bought a new Dell E521 - it flies ! I got a free Office 2007 upgrade , and Vista Home Premium upgrade -LRB- if your confused easily Office 2003 works great . -RRB- After reading the horror stories on Vista I think I will just wait until God or Bill Gates tells me I have to . Thanks for your comments - I wo n't install it . Maybe I 'll wait until Windows Galaxy come out -LRB- just kidding ! -RRB- .
 Windows Vista is the most horrible operation system I have ever used . It is really hard for me to imagine how Microsoft can waste so many years in just creating such a garbage . First , it is totally incompatible with many old softwares , including some I have got used to . For instance , Acrobat Professional 6 , an excellent software in transforming Word file or Sigmaplot file into PDF format , now can not be used under Vista system . It is so sad for me and even make me suspect if Microsoft has maken some deals with these companies for accelerating the purchase of the newest version of software . Second , I will not be able to log into any computer installed with old Windows XP systems . So that means if I need to print something , I have to copy all the stuff to the place installed with the printer . There are many other bad features of vista system that I am lazy to bring up one by one now . Anyway , after the first use of it , I feel like my system has been attacked by a fatal virus again and again . How to say , this may be true , since Microsoft now possibly is the biggest `` hacker '' in the world ... . Finally , I learn all of these in such a hard way ...
 I have both Mac and Windows -LRB- 2 of each -RRB- , and what it would take to upgrade most PC 's to be Vista is obscene , especially if you have a system that 's older than a year -LRB- we all know how fast systems become outdated -RRB- , and you want to upgrade to a version that has the new advancements that practically everyone who 's looking to upgrade wants.Vista actually crippled my -LRB- Microsoft labeled 4.3 out of 5.0 possible system rated -RRB- PC upon running the install , particularly when ms tech support came on line and destroyed any chance I had of retrieving my data , since my backup drive was likewise impacted . Just wait until you get a load of them , they speak atrocious almost impossible to understand , less comprehend English.Anyway , after a complete nightmare , I had to format my drive , start from scratch with an old Windows 98 to XP upgrade , followed by 2GB 's of ms downloads and countless patches . Then I installed a clean version of vista . All told I started the repair process -LRB- if that 's what you want to call it -RRB- at 4:30 pm and finished up around 10pm . If you are not computer savvy , get a friend who is or check into a place where you can have it done.Whatever you do - DO NOT choose upgrade when you get to the point of installing vista , and back everything you have up , if possible to an external source and remove this device until the move to vista has been completed . Better to be safe than be sorry -LRB- screwed my ms -RRB- . So after installing the ultimate vista , it 's actually nothing I have not seen 2 years ago on my Mac . If you want a Mac without owning a Mac then Vista 's for you . But I do n't understand why folks would run out and drop a load on PC updates for older PC 's , particularly if they do not get to the professional or ultimate level where any real changes over XP are clearly evident . I wonder if Apple will pursue litigation against MS , some of the features are blatant copy cats that a 3 year old child could identify . Widgets from Mac vs. Gadgets from MS ? And there 's more , actually funny , and it does n't really bother me since I do n't have stock in Apple or Microsoft , and I have to use both systems so it works for me.Again , I can not stress greatly enough the dire need to backup and NOT choose upgrade for the install process . Run the Vista upgrade advisor from ms website and methodically make your decision -LRB- s -RRB- . BTW , quite a few programs will not work with vista , and you 'll be shown which , so you may need to make your decision after viewing that list . It will also show you any problems with hardware/settings and such . You will have to delete most anti-virus and 3rd party system software 's as well , so if you have $ tied up in subscriptions , you better think twice and or investigate as some if not most of these will not work later with Vista.I can only give this 2 stars due to the seriously flawed method in which ms has chosen to deliver the product . The actual product here is fairly good , but I can guarantee a whole lot of people will spend a whole lot of dinero only to be disappointed by their systems performance . That along with neutering ofa few things we had before ... AHEM.Best advice , be careful , very , very careful . Check to see if your PC will even benefit from an upgrade and deliberate long and hard before you spend a pretty good chunk of change of PC upgrades.In the long run you may be better of waiting and buying a new PC , or a new Mac which will have a brand new OS in February call Leopard . If you only are going to have one computer , and you 're thinking of jumping to a Mac , you owe it to yourself to wait and check it out . The cost factor is now neck and neck when you compare the bang for your buck , because Mac 's come bundled with a ton of software , and will easily run Office and other apps you need.Heck , the new Intel iMacs will even run vista , but why would you want to , you 'll have all that Vista has and more with the Mac software Leopard . I guess we will see MS release Vista-2010 to catch up to that . I wonder why it is that Mac is always 3-4 years ahead of MS ? Could be that since MS is so large and cumbersome , it 's easier for Apple to maneuver in the mainstream .
 Windows is so slow and dorky ... why not try a new Mac ? They are great .
 Vista has proven itself to be of bad quality . Microsoft will need to do a lot of work to get this operating system to even basic functionality . Missing drivers , incessant security prompts , incompatability with existing software -LRB- yes , even Microsoft software ! -RRB- , and inability to create and maintain even the most basic network connections to name just a few . Also , if you must use Vista , you 're MUCH better off installing it clean rather than installing it as an upgrade over Windows XP .
 I had to purchase upgrade this because we run a software company and need to be compatible with Vista . To be frank , in an attempt to make your computer more secure , Microsoft has turned your computer into THEIR computer . You have to beg for permission from the OS to do the most basic things , and in some cases , it flat our refuses to do what you want because it knows more than you.It treats you and the software you run as an enemy combatant and I would gather your XP CDs like the precious things they are and avoid this upgrade as long as humanly possible .
 Purchased this up-grade and had so many problems I have removed it from my computer . Caused problems with my HP scanner/printer , with I-Tunes and my I-pod to name a some of the trouble . Do n't buy unless u have many hours to waste on attempted fixes and back door action to do any work
 VISTA IS NOT SUITABLE FOR ALMOST ANY PROGRAM . I HAD TO TAKE IT OFF . I HOPE THAT IT WILL BE MORE COMPATIBLE SOON .
 I tried the upgrade two computers , bouth windows xp and it would not work.The upgrade was suposed to work , at least that was what the they said.it diden , t
 This was such an incredible pain to install , and then impossible to run . My printer did n't work anymore , my favorite software did n't work anymore , and I could n't for the life of me figure out what benefit I might derive from this if I was even able to fix these problems , so I went back to XP . My next computer will not run Windows of any description - I 'm done with Microsoft .
 I have been using IBM since the days of DOS , and Windows from the very beginning . There is no question that this is the absolutely worst version yet of any Windows / Microsoft product . It is literally as if they went through every single element of operation and made it much worse than previous versions . What the ... ?! I had NO choice but to receive `` Vista '' from Lenovo when I ordered my laptop . I did not want it . I had already seen the bad reviews EVERYWHERE . However , as I said , Lenovo/IBM gave me no choice of software . Did someone say communist dictatorship ? I am very , very knowledgeable regarding Windows software . I have NEVER needed assistance to fix a problem or do anything whatsoever that I wanted to do . I gave this new `` Vista '' several months . I will now be forced to pay full price for a new copy of XP , just to throw away Vista which I was forced to pay for by Lenovo -LRB- most other companies are also forcing Vista -RRB- . Utterly terrible . In every possible way , the worst Windows OS yet . And , as far as I can gather , the only solution is to buy a MAC instead .
 Man this program is a total nightmare . Stick with XP . The system freezes up and crashes often . Good luck finding drivers that will actually work for your printer , scanner , and digital camera . Some of my older software is not even accepted by the system . The pre-installed internet explorer 7 is insane too and you do n't even have the chance of installing version 6 . I tried solve this by installing Mozilla Firefox , but Vista makes it difficult to do this as well . I am no computer expert . I just want to surf the internet and be able to print things from time to time . I DO N'T want to spend my time finding millions of new drivers and patches for a system that should NOT have never been released until the bugs were worked out !!!! Thanks Microsoft ...
 I 'd just like to point just like to point out to the people having trouble with vista after upgrading their computers
 Everything the negative reviewers say is true and MORE . Please note the following as well :1 . If you are a college student taking a class online that uses Blackboard software , Vista will prevent you from posting to the class discussion board and answering any fill-in-the-blank or discussion questions on TESTS ! To fix this download the FoxFire browser -LRB- free -RRB- and use it to access your course . Because Vista uses so much memory and is already so huge , they had to drop quite a few little programs that software needs to access in the Operating system .2 . HUGE MEMORY AND HARD DRIVE DRAIN.Look at this comparisonWindows XP Professional Size on drive 1.5 gig Memory requirements 128 MBWindows Vista Needs 15 GIG To Load . Does not say how large the program is but I would n't think its small !!! Memory requirements 1 GIG!If you check the DELL website you will see that they recommend that you have 2 gig of memory to use Windows Vista . That is a few $ $ $ worth of memory just to run the operating system while openning a program . Try running a game or doing animation with that kind of a sink hole in your system ! The less memory you have available , the slower everything , including websites will load -LRB- no matter how fast your internet connection -RRB- What is worse is that to fix what is wrong with it -LRB- ie replace all those small programs your software expects to find in the operating system -RRB- , they will have to ADD patches that can only make it bigger and hungrier for memory!This is the most pathetic excuse for an upgrade that I have ever seen . I would expect some lawsuits before this is over ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I bought a new computer that had Vista preloaded . By itself , Vista may be OK . The only problem is that NOTHING I already own works with it . My Palm , CLIE , Printers -LRB- two of them -RRB- , Scanner -LRB- both of them -RRB- , and camera all require new drivers which are not supported in Vista . Several of my software applications , including ADOBE Acrobat , SCANSOFT Paperport , Partition Magic , and PALM software -LRB- I have three different models -RRB- no longer work either and are not going to be made compatible . To get VISTA compatiblilty you need to by the latest version AND THEN DOWNLOAD THE PATCH -LRB- In one case I had to install IE 6.0 in order to get the patch to install because it would not download with IE 7.0 ! -RRB- If you want to justify a complete hardware refresh , then Vista is the way to go . Just standby as nothing works with it . On a side note , Vista also `` took over '' 150Meg of my 160Meg hard drive and will not partition it to anything smaller . It 's not using the space , it just wo n't let it be partitioned to a second partition . If you go to Vista , be prepared to spend a lot of money . I think that I will buy another copy of XP and remove Vista . It 's a lot cheaper .
 I have Vista Home Premium on my laptop and really like it . SO - I decided to upgrade my desktop to share the experience . $ 160 wasted.I have loaded OS in every way possible and I get the same thing-Boot to black screen and nothing.I have wasted a weekend reading forums , ripping out hardware , updating drivers , switching drives , flashing BIOS , installing new GPUs , wasting my time talking with people at Microsoft who like to play the phone switching game.If you are serious about an UPGRADE - google `` Vista black screen '' and see how many people a dealing with this issue . It 's so widespread I can not believe Microsoft has n't done anything yet . My advice as of March 4th 2007 - wait to upgrade until there is some serious reprogramming.I do like Vista , but as a consumer I feel like I bought a lemon .
 I purchased a new computer back in January and decided recently to upgrade to Vista . This has been a huge mistake ! I 've had numerous compatibility problems with various drivers and so forth . I 've also been advised to back up my system while I 'm trying to resolve the issues , so I had to buy an external hard drive . Unless you absolutely need Vista , do not upgrade !
 On paper -LRB- microsoft 's -RRB- all seems fine and rather cool ... but after using it-and I mean REALLY trying-I have decided it really sucks.Buggy , slow , crashes all the time.I have a very powerful machine , with lots of ram and I have been using pc 's since 1985 . Forget the cost of the software -LRB- high -RRB- it is the cost of my time !! I have finally decided to buy an iMac and LOVE it ... what a bonehead I am ... should have moved sooner . In my defense , apple was n't ready for business prime time , now it is.I think the end of MS based software is nearing the end.If you must stick with pc 's , then use xp because after all these years IT finally works ok .
 I was told when I purchased my Dell that I could not purchase it without the NEW IMPROVED Windows Vista . I have made many calls because the system does not work as fast as my old Windows XP program . I was told it is slower because there are so many other programs running in the background . I wanted to copy pictures and documents to a cd , what a nightmare . I had to call Dell and have them walk me through the process . I wrote down every step to copy to disc , next time I went to copy to disc , the steps did not work . The note , when you defrag , is true it takes anywhere from a few minutes to HOURS to defrag your system.After many calls to Dell I was told that the Windows XP will work on my new laptop . I 'm at the point to dump the Vista and install the Windows XP on it . Stay away from this program is my advise .
 Due to a dead laptop , I was essentially forced to get Vista as part of getting a new machine . By far the worst OS experience I 've had in years . Buggy , unstable , and adds nothing useful . -LRB- Before you buy , look at the list of new features and see if you actually will use any of them . I do n't . -RRB- Stick with XP , buy a Mac , etc. . Even an abacus suddenly seems worth considering .
 Wow , I do n't even know where to begin . Here 's the horrifying details -LRB- so far -RRB- ... 1 . Installation . I heard the rumors about long installations . I ca n't tell you how long mine took because it finished sometime after I went to bed , about six hours after I had started .2 . Internet . This one almost brought me to tears . Vista kept setting up two network connections , one to my wireless network , and one to a mysterious `` unidentified network . '' The troubleshooter told me Vista had two active connections and that was causing the problem . Simple right ? Disable the `` unidentified network '' connection . Poof , there went my wireless with it . Enable my wireless , back comes the mystery network . I actually knocked out wireless to my entire house at one point in this circle of doom . Finally , as a stab in the dark , I manually disabled all network adapters on my machine except the wireless adapter . And that 's why I 'm able to write this review now ... 3 . Incompatibility . I knew there would be problems . Norton Ghost was good as gone , but I knew that . Then my antivirus turned out to be a no go . A few other applications would surely need upgrades . But ITUNES ??? Come on ! I could also list the games that used to run but no more , but this review is already getting long enough .4 . Hiding my stuff . I no longer own my My Music folder . I mean , Vista security TELLS me I 'm the owner , but `` permission is denied . '' I found a workaround on Microsoft 's website '' ... sometimes you may lose access to your My Music folder during the upgrade . '' Oh that 's lovely . By digging into the deep hidden folders per their instructions I found my music , and copied it to the desktop . At one point the file copy dialog box said `` Moving files , 44,519 days remaining . '' I wish I was making that up . Fortunately Vista was over-estimating that a little .5 . New Features that do n't work . I paid the extra dough and bought the premium version of Vista . The aero look is very cool . For about 3 minutes . Then I get a message saying `` The desktop manager has stopped working . '' And I 'm back to Vista Basic . That extra $ 50 may not have been money well spent .6 . The new Media Player wo n't play my newly rescued songs . It tells me it thinks many of my songs are on the I
 I made this comment -LRB- now edited -RRB- to someone else 's review , but for potential buyers , seems like it ought to be a review of its own : For me , upgrading to Vista from the factory installed Windows XP Media Center Edition did n't work as promised . My system is compulsively up-to-date . I ran the Upgrade Advisor from Microsoft AND from Sony , and both said my system was fine , good-to-go . Upgrade away.So I inserted the Vista Home Premium Upgrade version disc , but it would n't install , kept shutting down , requiring that I input the Product ID over and over and over , not getting past 21 % of the Expanding Files section . A post on one of the Amazon boards mentioned NOT inserting the Product ID until after the installation and selecting the Custom instead of Upgrade option . Oddly , that worked . Vista installed.It is a beautiful thing . I want it . Someday I hope to have it.But it would n't activate , said I had to have the full version Vista Home Premium , not the upgrade version . After scanning my system , it could n't tell me that during the `` Advisor '' stage ? Resigned to a quagmire , I took the upgrade version back to the store -LRB- CompUSA -RRB- . They would n't accept it -LRB- no returns of open software -RRB- . Bright light of hope , the tech manager PROMISED that the Home Premium Upgrade already in my hands would , in fact , work fine on the factory installed XP system . -LRB- His name is Abel , but I think maybe he is n't . -RRB- All I had to do ? Restore my computer to factory condition -LRB- Sony VIAO desktop RA910G -RRB- then reinstall the Vista . Since all the updates , drivers and files were current , with documents securely backed up , I decided , what the heck -- worst thing that happens is my computer is fresh and new.Not exactly . Same boat . And on top of the Vista STILL not installing , I have my computer back to factory condition , meaning that years of security and software updates are re-required . The snazzy Windows Media Player 11 that once managed all my music and videos wo n't upgrade beyond Media Player 10 , ergo , the music download company I use -LRB- URGE -RRB- wo n't install into my system , ergo , aaaaargh , I have a cramp.I have n't even reloaded Photoshop or my working software yet . I 'm feeling another day of headache -LRB- going on 18 hours of actual involvement at this point with more to come -RRB- . I hope someone can offer a helpful solution . I ca n't find one at Microsoft 's site or via Google . Although my computer is more or less in working order , Windows Media Player is downgraded and Media Center does n't open at all . My entire system is less than it was and that 's unacceptable.In the meantime , I agree with others that although this is a very beautiful product , the WOW factor could be described in less enthusiastic terms and late in the evening , in more colorfully expressed four-letter terms.UPDATE
 What a mess . Do n't buy this product . If you have Windows XP , you 've got what you need . If your word processor works fine , your spread sheet works and all your other programs work well , then do n't mess them up with this awful product . Vista is just eye candy . How much time do you spend in Windows anyway ... you use your programs ! Installing Vista is just going to put your programs at risk - If you install Vista , your computer will VERY likely FAIL and then you 're OUT of your computer.Remember - Vista deletes Windows XP - so you ca n't go back if something goes wrong ... and it will . This program is very unstable.My Vista installation failed and the computer does n't even start up any more.Microsoft tech support does not know how to use Vista . They have shipped their tech support to INDIA ! You ca n't even understand their broken English !! -LRB- Not to mention that it takes over an hour to talk to someone . -RRB- When you do get in touch with them , they have no idea what to do if your installation fails !! I repeat ... You ca n't re-install Vista upgrade because the 1st install deletes XP . When it deletes XP , you have to go find the service packs I and II . Good luck there!Don ' t risk this product on your computer . If you have Windows XP , and everything works ... stick with it . This product is n't going to make them work any better . The hassles of this product are not worth the eye candy you 're buying.Vista is for newly purchased computers . -LRB- And they hype it to get you to go out and buy one ! -RRB-
 1 . I had massive headaches doing my original install . I wanted to combine partitions as part of doing a clean install . Followed the instructions to boot from the DVD -LRB- duh -RRB- . Suddenly , the system would n't recognize the product ID as valid because the only way it would be valid is if it 's launched from within Windows . Ok , having deleted and combined partitions , that was now a non-starter . After Microsoft support flailed for 5 hours ... I tried to run my HP recovery disks . Ran into an incompatibility between the recovery disks and Vista -LRB- which will install without a product ID as a `` feature '' but then no-one at Microsoft can help you activate the product if you do so -RRB- . Fortunately , I had a copy of XP Pro from my older Dell desktop . Installed that but , of course , could n't upgrade from that version because the Home Premium Vista required XP Home Edition . But thankfully now my HP recovery disks worked , after which I was able to upgrade .2 . But the saga 's not over . After 2 months of computing `` bliss '' , suddenly my CD and DVD stops working . After some troubleshooting , I confirmed it was a corrupt driver file . After vain attempts to uninstall and force the system to re-install using device manager , I decided to do it manually . That 's when I discovered that I could not access , delete , or correct the problem because although I 'm a member of the administrator group , that group does n't have full control rights . On my own computer ! Yes , I tried the much vaunted recovery tool ... but it did not refresh my files and detected no problem . So ... as you 've probably guessed by now , I had to use my HP recovery disks to put XP Home back onto my computer , then re-upgrade my system . Oh , and by the way , the upgrade requires that XP be of service pack 2 ... so not only did I have to re-install XP , I had to update it to service pack 2 before doing the Vista upgrade all over again ! ... so I 'm back computing with `` bliss '' with both CD and DVD again ... but this Vista version has caused countless hours , literally at least 40 . Stick with XP until they stop supporting it . Then buy an Apple or maybe by then Microsoft will have regained their senses .
 Stupid , stupid , stupid . I usually have a better head on my shoulders and do n't rush out and buy the new operating system until it has some of the bugs worked out , I do n't know what I was thinking this time . So now I have a beautiful operating system on which none of my programs will run . Talk about frustrating . I guess I 'll put this away until they have a version that works . Oh well , live and learn .
 I liked Vista for the first week of use , by the second week of use I thought it was no better than XP , by the third or fourth week ME was starting to look good by comparison , now , after six weeks , the number of problems I 'm having with Vista makes Windows 3.0 -LRB- previously the worst version of Windows I had used -RRB- seem not so bad.There have been a number of positive reviews posted which attack the negative reviewers -- I guess they are just using a different version of Vista than I am using . I find about 10 % of what the positive reviewers say to be accurate and about 75 % of what the negative reviewers say to be accurate.My major issues are : -- incredibly slow and often aborted installation -- incompatible with many current , up-to-date programs -- conflicts with Media Player 11 and Outlook 2002 -- both are Microsoft programs -- the inane security questions are even worse than the Apple ads make them sound -LRB- I am no fan of Apple , but I may have to reconsider that opinion -RRB- -- standard Control Panel functions have been renamed and are often unfindable -LRB- Do n't they understand that if THEY establish standards THEY should stick with those standards ? -RRB- -- speaking of standards -- I hated My Documents , My Music , My Bla-bla-bla , but I got used to them , good luck figuring out where the heck these files are after you install vista -- you can no longer control how your desktop looks -- under XP I was appropriately considered the Administrator of my own single-user computer , but Vista decided I was not -- causing major problems -- I have spent about 30 hours dealing with Vista-related problems -- my total hardware and software upgrade costs to become Vista compatible -LRB- on a machine that was rated as Vista compatible already -RRB- approximately $ 300 -- if I could get those costs back and go back to XP I would do it an instant -- even more than in the past , this operating system says to you
 This product is a downgrade from windows 95 . I do n't care to go into the details because if I have to think about how much heck this Un-Operating System has put me though any longer I 'd probably slip into a coma . Lets just say that a computer that once worked with XP now has no sound -LRB- if bought TWO new sound cards -RRB- , no tv tuner , it runs at 1/3d of the speed it used to , and is not able to successfully ad hoc to my laptop.Lets all hope that this un-OS goes the way of Windows ME , or at least gets a Service Pack right away .
 Operating systems should operate efficiently and modestly in the background.Vista wants to make itself the star of the show . With its endless pop-up warnings and status messages , running Vista is like trying to eat in a restaurant where every five minutes the waiter scrapes crumbs off your table and asks you if everything is fine.Vista is slower than XP , it requires more memory and processor speed , and it does n't run older programs like Acrobat 6 . Does this product have any reason to exist other than to improve Microsoft 's profit margin?I am uninstalling Vista from my laptop this weekend and replacing it with XP .
 What a disaster . Would n't upgrade and would n't work , despite what the Microsoft adviser said . Tech support was amazingly bad . They determined that Vista was not compatible with my AMD Athlon processor -LRB- I 'm sure AMD will be thrilled to hear this -RRB- . Microsoft did refund my money , however . I 'll give 'em an extra star for that.Now the full version of Vista that came on my new notebook computer is alright . It runs very nice -LRB- though takes forever to boot -RRB- . I 'm not sure what is happening at Microsoft . Vista is the worst upgrade they have ever delivered -- and they spent billions developing it . I just do n't know .
 What did n't work ? Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0 , so I upgraded to Elements 5.0 . Adobe Acrobat 4.0 , so I upgraded to Acrobat 8.0 , but still need to wait a couple months for Adobe revisions . My flash memory stick w / encryption , so I bought a different brand , but despite assurances its encryption was also not compatible with Vista . Dymo LabelWriter , but the new beta-version does work . My brand new $ 1000 scanner is not compatible , pending software revisions possibly available in July.But it was worse than that . The system -LRB- on my brand new Gateway computer -RRB- crashed repeatedly , and was getting more frequent . So I tried to remove Vista and go back to Windows XP , which I like . But I could n't remove Vista.My time is valuable . I 'm throwing away my new Gateway with Vista , and have ordered a new CPU from Dell . Dell still sells new systems with Windows XP.I have n't had so much trouble with a new system since the pre-Windows 98 days . I 'm sure Vista will be great in a few years when the bugs are out and other software vendors fix compatibility problems . But I 'm quitting being an unpaid guinea pig
 I checked online that my HP computer was compatible with the Vista Upgrade and decided to go for it . The upgrade install itself went smoothly . Now , I have a machine that works but usually has to be shut down by on-off switch - the shut-down choice leaves my machine `` shutting down '' all night . The screen savers do n't work -LRB- I had screen savers with Windows XP - I think Vista does n't like my video card -RRB- , none of my Roxio software works -LRB- including Media Creator 9 which says it works with Vista -RRB- , the new Aero feature does n't work -LRB- I think Vista still does n't like my video card -RRB- , and web sites like Amazon and Barnes & Noble that used to happily let me listen to music clips can no longer find my Windows Media Player . The Vista Windows gadgets are a plus but the rest of my experience rates the UPGRADE to Vista as a DOWNGRADE in my computer 's functionality .
 If you will be purchasing a computer in the next year I would recommend that you wait to buy Vista . Purchase your next pc with it installed and you may save yourself a lot of aggrevation and head aches . My installation was horrific and made my other PC unusable for many hours and many hours of my time to get working .
 Windows Vista is ABSOLUTELY horrible . Horrible . I thought Microsoft was great . XP was great . Then Vista ruined everything . How Microsoft could let such a bombshell on this world is totally beyond me . Lets go over the pros of the OS
 I 'm sorry I did n't listen when I was advised to wait until I purchased a new PC . For Windows Vista , your system may lack resources . Though it will run , it runs much slower . At least with Windows XP , I could play my movies on DVD . My video card was not up to snuff for Windows Vista . I had driver problems but finally got the right ones . I found I was happier with Windows XP , so I went back to it .
 As an expert computer user , -LRB- started with DOS -RRB- I would have to say that this is the worst piece of junk conceived by man . I would give it zero stars if I could . DO NOT down grade your computer with this junk . You will pull your hair out installing it . It will crash . It is much slower than XP . It takes forever to boot . And You Will Be Sorry !!!!!!!! Bill gates will laugh all the way to the bank with your money . The clowns in Redmond WA finally drove me to buy a MAC , and I could not be more pleased with OS X. I hope that this is the beginning of the end for Microjunk .
 I was not happy with this software because I could n't even load it . I got an error everytime I loaded it and I had tried to load on another computer as well and got the same result . I had to return the product for a return . I was not satisfified with my purchase at all .
 The program works , but the documentation and support is horrible . Had I not worked with this product before I never would have been able to successfully install it . The installation instructions took up 1/2 a page in the manual and needed to be several pages long . Items such as device configuration , security on the Arcserve share and other items required to run the product were omitted . If you are a first time user , this is not for you ! And do n't even think of calling support unless you have a few hours to kill and like making long distance toll calls .
 We have been using Brightstore -LRB- CA -RRB- products for the last 7 Years and that 's about to change . Support is absolutely horrible beyond that of basic setup . TCO is very high for this product and reliability is not solid . We use Dell 128T and HP MSL5026 libraries , and we had to jump through a lot of hoops to get the software to run properly with very little help from support . The native database is extremely volatile and constant maintenance is needed to ensure good backups . I must admit running Brightstor with a single DLT drive connected to a server functions OK . But if you 're going to be backing up High capacity , sensitive data , I would recommend spending the extra money for a higher end product . Poor support , weak web support , a lot of man hours , and unreliable with Tape libraries .
 For PC editing , this is a fairly good program . However , I prefer Final Cut Pro a million times over Sony Vegas . The interface is much friendlier and the program has much much more capability that Vegas does .
 This program is ok , but it does n't have enough samples as much as eJay . I HIGHLY RECCOMEND that you take one of the EJAY CDs -LRB- techno , rave , dance , hip-hop , etc -RRB- or take EJAY SE.ThanksDanny Dyer
 I recently bought this product because Punch ! was supposed to be the leader in all landscape and design software . They may be but their software is HORRIBLE to use ! I am returning it to the place I purchased it . I spent over 12 hours trying to figure out how to simply upload a photo of my house and put pictures of plants and such on it . I still have n't figured it out after reading the monstrous manual 2x and sitting through all of the help video tours . I contacted Punch ! and they want me to PAY to receive any sort of training for this software . This is ridiculous . Maybe a pro can figure this out but DO NOT buy this software if you simply want to envision your house with new landscaping .
 Tried to ask questions about product ... customer support phone number always busy ... web site ca n't be reached . Where are they ? Still in business ?
 I bought this program and was very excited to use it on my mac ... . In the first day at least 10 times in the middle of a project it would shut down -LRB- error msg -RRB- what a waste I even attempted to re-instal it with no change !!!!
 Please heed the warnings about this product . Tech support reports that it is not compatible with Leopard -LRB- Mac OS X Version 10.5 -RRB- and other than providing this information , they will not help or support Leopard users who had the misfortune to purchase this product . Tech support will not treat you like a client or customer , despite your purchase ; they will simply tell you it wo n't work .
 This product claims that it is compatible with Mac 's but in fact , if you are running Leopard on your Mac it is not compatible . I did not realize this until after purchasing and installing the product and talked to three different tech support agents . After all the time and problems , they would not let me return the product . I would never purchase anything in the future from this company . They were not at all easy to deal with . There were problems right from the time of purchase and they were not willing to help . The product did not even arrive until over a month from date of purchase .
 This product has drawbacks , especially for one accustomed to using more sophisticated page layout software . It is adequate for simple projects , but not for newsletters or other complicated layouts . Its word processing capability is particularly frustrating . I use it primarily for making greeting cards , labels , letterheads , and , as I said , simple layouts .
 This software shuts down on me every time I use it . I am running it on Snow Leopard operating system . I am writing this review while I wait for an operation to load on it and hoping it wo n't crash . The graphics that come with this software are sooo cheesy . I 'm talking about terrible cartoon teddy bears and hearts . Nothing the least bit edgy or current.Update
 Nova Development also sells a very expensive collection of graphic images called `` Art Explosion , '' but it does not work with this version -LRB- 3 -RRB- of Print Explosion Deluxe . I 've tried it on two different G5 computers . It takes a long time -LRB- almost a minute -RRB- to load the images , but the only things that appear are square boxes - no images . Art Explosion should work according to their manual - Page 70 . They have no support and do not seem to care about the problem . Their solution is to send the software back for a refund if you have damaged the box , etc. .
 I thought I was upgrading products from the Print Shop . Maybe I just have n't learned how to use the program , but it has been EXTREMELY frustrating . I am going back to Print Shop .
 Save your money-very buggy and frustrating-phone support rude and unhelpful.Bought this software to be able to create my fliers for my business-when I try to save them as a jpg to send off to the printers-the file is fuzzy and unreadable - unusable no matter what settings I use.Since i bought this software more than a month ago and just got around to trying it-I ca n't return it.It also freezes my usually very stable computer and also just does weird things like adding graphics that i never even looked at to projects . -LRB- Where the * & ^ % did that giant blue ball come from ?? -RRB- Also trying to figure out what it is actually going to print is an exercise in frustration in itself . If you do decide to purchase this piece of junk be sure to buy lots of extra ink and paper for your printer-you 'll be wasting lots of it.When I explained the problems to grumpy tech support dude -LRB- after holding for 1/2 hr -RRB- his solution was to use smaller fonts in my projects and keep experimenting to see what works . Real helpful-not .
 I bought this program because of the great reviews I read on Amazon . I have been sorely disappointed . Some of the major issues are that it freezes my Mac -LRB- that is well above the system requirements for the software -RRB- , has a fatal error and shuts down every time I use the program , and none of the templates do what they claim they will do . Other issues are that when printing an image , many times it will print the image on six different pages even though it shows in the print preview it will print on one page . I have tried dealing with the support and the response -LRB- when I finally get one -RRB- is that it should work . They have no idea how to help me other than to say delete the program and reload it . They said they would look into it , but that was 5 months ago and I 'm still waiting . I would recommend you not waste your money .
 THIS product is CONSTANTLY CRASHING !!!!!! There maybe a ton of graphics but you can not search to find what you need based on keywords . You have to scroll through tons of art and hope you find what you are looking for . IF they have a graphic that fits your theme chances are it will look like clip art from 1988 . I was hoping for updates with access to better art and the ability to search on keywords .
 I have been downloading the first of 5 DVD 's of ART explosion . It has been 6 hours and I must have over 600,000 more images to download . I ca n't believe this ! This is a new MAC also , so its not my machine . It better be good , or its going back . It was a gift from my son too . : -LRB-
 I bought to help make holiday cards and photo calendars for my family . The clip art is real bad and the size you tell the software you want the project to be never agrees with the preview and printable that comes out . Save your money and find a software that really does what it says it will .
 This should be called `` Print Disappointment '' . It 's buggy , some of the really cool features , like color gradations on a shape , do n't work . You ca n't open networked files . The clipart is amateurish . There is a very limited colorset . I asked tech support about that and they said it ca n't be expected to provide the same features as professional software . Well , I 've been using Printmaster on a PC for 8 years , it cost $ 20 , and the earliest version I used worked better than this product .
 I was looking for a greeting card program to use on my G4 iMac , as I missed my programs from my PC . Print Explosion Deluxe takes a long time to open and operate . The organization is also poor . ALL greeting cards are lumped together alphabetically by the name of the card . It operates at random whether or not you can access subdivisions such as Halloween , Get Well , etc. when looking for greeting cards . I 'll keep using it because I spent so much money on it , but it irks me every time I attempt to use it . I suggest you keep looking for another program .
 I 've tried to use Print Explosion Delux on a new iMac running 10.6 . You can not use one of the main features - the ` Inspector ' window without the application crashing . It crashes when you select any italics font -LRB- in the inspector window -RRB- . I sent all the crash and log information Nova Development would need to fix this application .6 email exchanges and 2 calls to escalated support later ... I was told they are aware of the crash and have no information about the product being fixed.How can Nova Development continue selling a product that they know is so broken ? I 'm hoping someone in this thread can suggest a better alternative .
 I do have 2 good things to say about Nova Development 's Print Explosion Deluxe 3.0
 I had always used Print Shop on Windows but when I switched to imac I purchased Print Explosion . Sorry mistake . The program has 1000 's of graphics but it 's almost impossible to find what you want as there is no `` Search '' feature . The graphics are also very juvenille in appearance . I called Nova to verify this and he confirmed a simple search feature was not added . I continued to use the program anyway but found it was constantly shutting down , losing all my work . I finally reverted to saving every click . This was the last straw so I contacted Nova again and asked for a refund . They were very helpful and I got my refund in about 5 weeks after I mailed back the software . With my money I 'm buying Print Shop for Mac .
 I bought this because I wanted a program to make greeting cards and such on my Mac . This was all I could find . It is terrible ! It constantly crashes in the middle of designing a project . The graphics are very elementary and there is no way to search for a particular graphic . Browsing through the cards is also a difficult process . It does n't allow you to see the inside of a card without choosing it for your project . If you decide you do n't like it , you have to restart the entire process for creating a greeting card . Lastly , I spent 30 minutes creating a card that imported some of my own pictures . Everything was perfect on the screen , but when I previewed it for printing , it had substituted random parts of the pictures to display . I 've used many greeting card programs , including American Greetings Creatacard , Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe , and Print Shop , and this is by far the worst program I have ever used .
 new to mac , but not new to making cards , banners etc , this program is just annoying , has a mind of it own , often shuts down right when I 'm ready to print , or will close in the middle of a project , losing everything I 've put into it . I 'm so grateful I still have my hp and all the software that I had for it to rely on , for this program really does stink . If anyone knows of a program that their thrilled with to make cards and calendars and banners with on a mac , if you would post would love to hear about it . If my vote counts , I say save your money ... and also watch out if you try and order the new hallmark for mac , they just charged me 3 times and came back each time saying my info was n't good which I know it is , so now I get to dispute 3 charges ... I 'm just saying , looks cool , but I would n't give them your info online . Peace
 I have had this application for many years , and it has served me well . But now it is quite buggy , and is no longer supported by Nova Development or anyone else . I recommend that you not purchase this software .
 The one feature that I have n't been able to figure out is how to print an envelope the correct size for the card . It 's been a nightmare . My old PC software , before I switched to a MacMini let me select the envelope for the card that was created so the size was correct . I 've given up on the program . Do n't waste your money . If anyone knows how to use the envelope feature I would appreciate some input .
 It keeps closing up when I try to design a project . It keeps closing up when I try to use one of their predefined templates . Try something else !
 This was a disappointment ! I am making this work but I so miss Microsoft PICTURE IT ! 5 stars to Picture It and 1 to 2 stars for Print Explosion Deluxe .
 Each time I try to create a project -LRB- greeting card , flyer , etc. -RRB- , the program crashes every few mins . I tried to save as I went along , but it 's tedious to reopen my project after numerous crashes.I am very frustrated with this program . The company needs to pull it from the shelves and fix all the kinks .
 I do not recommend for Mac users . I have been using Print Explosion Deluxe for a couple of years now and am ready to give up and move on to a publishing program that is less frustrating to use on my Macbook . It is reliably unstable ! The trick to using Print Explosion Deluxe on a Mac is to constantly hit SAVE because it will crash , thus anything not created within the past few seconds is gone and will have to be recreated again and again and again and again . What should take only a few fun and enjoyable minutes to create , will actually require a hours of teeth-clinching tenacity .
 You can find the same tools free online . I would n't purchase this again .
 The product is terrible , the support is worse . Trying to run `` Premium '' version on SQL . Hijacks SQL server . Sets its own SQL admin password and ACT wo n't tell you what it is . Need to uninstall SQL -LRB- including any other databases you may have running on that server -RRB- to re-install ACT . ZERO integration with enterprise backup software . Proprietary scheduler is buggy , buggy , buggy . I have spent two weeks fighting with this software and this ridiculous company . Save your money and your hair - buy something , anything , else .
 I bought the $ 1,100.00 Act 2006 premium for workgroups -LRB- 5 users plus server -RRB- . Three people in our organization tried it and I made a HUGE effort to work with the product -LRB- since I recommended it -RRB- . All copies have been un-installed , no one liked it nor could work with it . Maybe some people that only work at their desk in an office can use this product but if you are a salesman or a mobile profesional with a Laptop this product is not for you.The first thing you will notice with ACT -LRB- from 2005 and forward -RRB- is that it will make your computer SUPER slow . And this is because it installs SQL server and loads it EVERY time you boot up . So right after you install ACT you will see your boot time go from 30 seconds to above three minutes . Do n't even think that I have a slow computer . I have a Dell XPS-1710 with Pentium-M 2ghz , 2gb of ram and video card with 256Mb . I do n't understand why Sage assumes every time you start your computer you are going to use ACT.Next thing you will see is that if you buy ACT you better RUSH to get it installed and become an expert with it and use all the features and ALL possible configurations because their support EXPIRES AFTER 30 DAYS . So if you are a busy professional which buys the product but does n't have time to do all this right away you will find yourself calling for support as you are installing for the first time a month and a half later AND YOU ARE OUT OF LUCK . Pay up , sign a support contract . Since we bought the `` premium '' edition I think we got three months of support but that was it . Our server crashed months later and I had issues re-installing , I called `` sorry your support period has expired '' . Next thing you will see is that you have to sacrifice Outlook . ACT has an email editor like Outlook or it bridges to outlook but integration is lousy . No more easily receiving or sending vcards , attachments in received emails show up as a weird binary file half the time , an enormous mountain of issues . Everything with ACT is painful , even things that work are awkward.When our server crashed I went to Sage 's web site to take a look at their knowledgebase . Sage has REMOVED the access to their knowledgebase so you do n't even have that to help you troubleshoot . They have a simple FAQs section that does n't help at all with the issues and errors you will encounter . I do n't blame them for removing the access because I was in shock when I first saw the amount and type of issues the product had.After a year of trying to work with this product we have all uninstalled it . Nice features but lousy lousy implementation.Stay away from this product . Buy Microsoft Business Contact Manager add-on for Outlook 2003 .
 I thought I had a steal on this one for $ 50 from thye office depot clearance table . They had several copies , now I see why . WHAT A BUMMER !!!!! It would 've been great if it could do what it says it can do , not a lot of options out there sadly . Incredibly slow , crashes , mail merging takes minutes to process , really brutal . I am going to try to use access , any future reviewers , please suggest alternatives .
 This software is the biggest joke I have ever come across quite frankly Despite telling you it is a network application when you try and create a database on a network drive or point it to a network drive it says the database must be stored locally !!!!!???? So you then create a local database and tell it to point to a shared network location . They even give instructions on how to to create the network share ! But guess what . This worked for a day then just suddenly died ! Best of all despite the application clearly pointing to the same database file on the network drive the contents when viewed from more than one location were not the same !! Quite frankly ! I have built Microsoft Exchange 2003 server with full AD in less time and with considerably less effort . Nothing could be worse than this application . It is anti-intuitive and user hostile all around !
 The other reviewers are absolutely right . Avoid this horrible excuse for a business contact management system ! I do computer consulting and on-site service for a living , and one of my customers has relied on the ACT ! software since at least version 6.0 . The money spent to upgrade to 2006 was utterly wasted , since it made his Pentium 4 machines slow to a crawl , had issues printing properly with one of his HP inkjet printers -LRB- printed all address fields as solid black bars -RRB- , and offered his company next to nothing in benefits over using old versions of the product . Did they even USE this before selling it to customers ??
 I bought the `` Premium package with 3 clients '' . They have the worst customer service I have ever come across . We ran into a problems installing the product , it would not install and it would not uninstall , we call for support to get help and we were told that we had to register the product before they could help us but the only way to register the product was to install it . Lady on the phone told me it was my problem and once I had it registered they could help me . I told the dummy that if I could install it I would not need their help . When I asked to speak with a manager I was told one was not around and that one would call me . Good thing I am not waiting on that call because I still have not gotten it 3 weeks later . They will never get another dollar of my money and I would suggest that you do not give them yours .
 This product is great for older Macs , even OSx that will still run classic . However , it will not work on Intel based Macs .
 The interface for this program is not easy to figure out and is not concise . It really needs to come with a full tutorial . my money could have been better spent on something else and i have n't used it once since the day i opened it up and tried it out on the computer . look elsewhere for planning software .
 I was unable to use this software at all . I installed on my 2 year old ibook laptop and it would n't run . Customer service is horrid - only by email and it took a week to hear back after I sent 2 emails . Then I loaded an update as they suggested and still not able to use the software in any shape or form . Emailed customer service again and received a response , after four days , saying another update would be available in a few weeks , wait until then ! Weddings kind of have a timeline . I would NOT recommend this software at all !!
 The program quit on me twice , erasing all the information stored . The second time after I had entered 100 + of my guests names and addresses . Needless to say , it 's been uninstalled .
 This software is absolutely terrible . In fact , I believe it HINDERED my wedding planning process . The guest list manager is very difficult to work with , I would have much preferred a plain excel document to type in ! It was not at all user friendly , and what I expected out of wedding planning software was not at all fulfilled . I needed software that would work with a Mac , so did n't have many options . If I had to go back , I 'd save myself $ 30 and use a free site like the knot . And if you register at Bed Bath & Beyond they offer a free service that does WAY more than this software does . It did n't even include a decent timeline of what you 're supposed to be doing when - which is WHY I got wedding planning software ! You basically have to manually type everything in.I would rate it less than 1 star if I could . If you are planning a wedding and looking for software , trust me - look elsewhere !!
 I bought this product from the apple store and assumed that it would work on macs . Boy , was I wrong . As other people have stated , this product does not save any information . The interface lags , and the software is not easy to use at all . The tutorials are inadequate . Even as an experienced mac user , I still had problems with this software . Skip the frustration and look for better software out there .
 As a planner , I buy things like this to see how this compares to the service I provide my clients . Well , this one was n't so hot . It seems like it could work but takes too long and does not even begin to provide the services that a real human wedding planner does . Save your money and hire a professional like those at DDDetails.com !!!
 This program creates allowed and not-allowed lists for you to put email senders into . You have to indicate for each email which list it belongs in so that future emails from that sender are slotted in the correct file . This is the white list/black list way of doing things . Outlook Express already has this capability in the message rules , plus allows for screening based on words , domains , as well as sender name . So , I could n't see any reason to pay for the capabilities .
 It is disappointing that Act ! By Sage 2007 will not work will MS Office 2007 . It does not work and does not have a patch to make it partially work . It apparently works with VISTA using a patch , however since it wo n't work with Word 2007 , I did n't bother trying the Vista patch.I had been a loyal Act user for a very long time . This incompatability forced me to learn another program . If Act wants to remain in this segment of the market they need to react faster to the changing software needs of their customers.Don ' t buy this software if you plan to use Office 2007 .
 Act ! 2007 is as bad a program as I have encountered . It is balky , cumbersome , slow-loading -LRB- I have a fast machine -RRB- , buggy , and under-supported . It got 1 star from me because 0 stars is n't an option . If you buy this program , I promise that sometime in the next year the program will lock-up and you will not be able to access your database .
 I 'm just joining the chorus . I used ACT ! for years , when I bought it I trusted Symantec and it was a wonderful product . Sage Software has completely destroyed ACT ! I HATE THIS SOFTWARE . Unfortunately moving to another software with many years of history in ACT ! takes time , but I am slowly migrating away from this worthless software and will never in my lifetime buy ANY product made by Sage . -LRB- I have wasted money going through every version released by Sage , but it does n't get better , it just keeps getting worse . -RRB- This company deserves a class action lawsuit over this !
 One Star or less . I wish I had read the customer reviews before upgrading . I have been using ACT for about 13 years , so have been installing their new versions every couple of years without a hitch . This is the worst upgrade I have ever experienced . It 's been totally re-vamped , rewritten , etc. . I lost the ability to print address books in Daytimer format , I spent over 10 hours on various calls to Tech Support , uninstalled and reinstalled five times , really , five times . The outlook integration is buggy as heck . Just a horrible experience . I am using ACT 2003 , and investigating other Customer Relationship Managers .
 I used ACT ! 6.0 for years with very few issues . I finally gave in to the threat of software non-support and thought that after all that time , surely Sage would have some nice improvements in their program . I was most interested in the integration with my PocketPC . Now , I 'm afraid to try to load that software . Here 's my advice . Do n't do it . Stick with 6.0 . As others say , 9.0 is extremely slow , it does n't roll over activities automatically without a program restart , it does n't list your opportunities in the correct order and technical support is nonexistent . A month ago , I began getting `` Update Available '' messages in the program so I would click download , wait for the error message , and then the application would close . After 47 minutes on the phone , I was told that the download had a bug in it and the corrected one would be available on the website in 3 days . Today , I tried installing to a new computer . Again , error messages that make no sense . I called customer no-service , and was told I could pay $ 299 for a year of unlimited support , or $ 199 for 5 instances . He actually said they had done me a favor by giving me a free support session in December when I was outside of the 30 day free support window . I felt bad about my rudeness to the CSR today , until I read the reviews here . I did n't go for the technical support and I think I 've fixed the problem myself . I do n't know how a company can sell a bad product and then try to make more money off the problems they created . If you must , buy from Amazon and save your money for the required technical support and to replace the income you wo n't be earning while you 're on the phone with Sage .
 I also fell for their scam that they will no longer support 6.0 so like a fool , I upgraded . First of all I lost years of attachments and email notes . I have spent endless hours on the phone with tech support . I even paid about $ 1,000 to a computer specialist to help me get things working.They all claim I am the only person having trouble . I also ca n't understand the people from India . I agree with the other writer that suggests a class action suit against sage . The Software and support stinks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I could screem that I did n't find these reviews earlier .
 The reviews of this software are a bit harsh , but pretty much true . It slow , is a resource hog , does n't really like to share the machine with other applications . Support is bad , email transfer to move it to another system just plain does n't work and it is really hard to make a complete backup with all of your attachments . And - Windows Vista support is really limited.That said , if you have a really fast machine it does work well and has features I use every day that I ca n't get anywhere else . You can save any email as a history record attached to the sender OR any other person in your contact database . These attachments are copies so they stay with the database even if you purge your email -LRB- which is nice -RRB- . Email client is simple , but because it IS N'T OUTLOOK - I have personally been almost completely unaffected by worms , virus and other email hazards that have over the years affected most MS Outlook users . This is a feature that has saved me more time than the hassles in the first paragraph.The program runs smoothly for me but , I have a Core 2 Duo 7200 with 2 gigabytes of RAM . Just about the fastest processor you can get . I think without the maximum processor and memory you WILL have delays and slooow loading times.One more issue you might have is making backups . Since it uses a SQL database that is open whenever SQL Server is running , a normal backup program might not be able to backup the database file . You need to stop the service first . This is a hassle that if you do n't know about you might be setting yourself up for disaster .
 I 'm a long time Act user . Things were okay until version 2005 when the moved to a SQL backend . Tons of essential features were missing . It was basically version 1.0 of a new product . Many things were supposed to be fixed in 2006 version , so we gave it a try . It should have been a free upgrade , with the 05 version being considered `` beta '' and us the poor unsuspecting beta testers . The company ignores customer feedback . They did add back in some features . We stuck with it through version 2007 , but have finally had it and are looking at other packages . The reason I gave this two stars is that the program does do a lot , and there 's a lot of industry support in terms of add-on products . That 's one reason we keep sticking with it ... it 's difficult to find all the same add-ons we need with other products.Performance with this product is terrible . It 's the worst I 've seen from any product . We 're a tech shop , so we had no problem upgrading our systems to be far beyond their minimum and recommended setup . We have Gigabit switched ethernet and all computers are at least 2.4 Ghz with 1 GB of RAM or more running XP . Our database has about 8,000 contacts . You can literally watch the fields re-draw and fill in information when looking up records . There are processes , like closing a lead , where you know the series of buttons you 'll click to complete the task , but you 're left waiting on dialog boxes to disappear or update before you can continue . Here 's my favorite though
 I , like many others who posted here , wish I had read the reviews BEFORE buying and upgrading the software . After a long and hard time with NO HELP from Sage -LRB- approximately 12 hours total -RRB- I got our company 's two users up and kind of working . I ca n't even get to the Knowledge Base that was so helpful with earlier versions . At least when you had problems with the earlier versions you could find a well written document with a useful work-around or solution . We had used ACT ! since the two floppy disk version -LRB- our first laptop had no hard drive -RRB- and loved it through the upgrade to version 6 . Were it not for the loss of data since the conversion I would go back right now to the older version , and we may have to do that anyway . ACT ! 7 is SLOW , causes problems interacting with other programs , including our XP operating system , and is a major frustration we do n't need . Do n't buy this product !!!!!
 I upgraded from ACT ! 2006 to ACT ! 2007 because of an email that I recieved from ACT touting the new benefits of ACT 's integration with Microsoft Outlook.I STILL am NOT ABLE to send an email from ACT ! using pop3 without Outlook being open and running in the backround . The send/recieve button in ACT only ques my message to be sent when Outlook is open and then the send/recieve function within Outlook must be triggered manually or by the auto send / recieve function.This was a problem with ACT ! 2005/2006 and they have documented it in their knowledge base and tech support suggest what they call a `` work arround '' to the problem . This `` work around '' is actually leaving an outlook window open all the time in the backround and setting Outlooks automatic send/reciev to a short time interval.Who wants to have to be working in both programs ? Where Does ACT ! get the nerve to send out an email to existing customers bragging about their great new integration with Outlook . This is an old problem . FIX IT .
 I also wish I had read the reviews here before I was suckered into buying the upgrade . I 'm a long time ACT user , and have been very pleased until now . ACT 7 does n't work well even though I 've added more memory to my laptop . And the worst part is that I ca n't reinstall ACT 6 , even after uninstalling ACT 7 . What a mess . Sage should be sued , then maybe they 'd think twice about releasing an update that was n't ready for prime time .
 I have struggled with this software for six months , and like many other reviewers , I would like to give this ZERO stars . I have used ACT for over 10 years , and have always been very pleased . This version is a disaster -- EXTREMELY slow memory hog , backup and restore is virtually impossible . I am completely frustrated and sorry I `` upgraded '' to this version . We will be converting -LRB- at significant expense -RRB- to other software as soon as possible . Why could n't Sage just leave it alone ?
 I have used ACT for 10 years and loved this program . I was always talking it up and showing off all the cool custom fields and querys I could perform.I recenly bought a new Palm and it required the new ACT for Palm OS for all of my contacts . The new software required I upgrade to a minimum of ACT 2006 version 8 . It had been a couple of years and I was such an ACT fan I thought no problem the new version can only get better.I purchased the program and after converting my database I was able to get the most of the fields converted but I lost a couple . I then tried to use ACT and found I can open the program and go get a cup of coffee and it is still opening my database . In the old ACT I could make a quick copy of my databse on a memory stick and stick it in my notebook , gone are those days ! I can barely fiqure out how to backup the program much less share on another system . By the way I am a web and graphic designer so computers used to be my friends . Also my computers are state-of-the-art with fast processors and a min of 2gb ram.Anyway , I wish I could give this program less than 1 star . I am now stuck with trying to revive my old copy of ACT that has no support or looking into Goldmine or another CRM . I can not believe what Sage did to such a great program but I guess `` nothing good last forever '' . How hard would it have been to just keep making money with the best CRM on the market . Sage killed ACT for me -- goodbye old friend ...
 It is difficult to use words harsh enough to describe this product and this company.I have owned this software for about 80 days .1 . In 80 days of use this product has completely locked up or not opened twice .2 . I have called the ` support ' line 4 times . The minimum time I was on hold was 40 minutes .3 . My initial ` support ' period is about to expire and I now will have to pay $ 200 to get more ` support ' 4 . You have to buy additional software to get your data onto a palm device.In summary
 My fault because I thought it would work on my vista . I wanted to convert an older database -LRB- Act 4.0 -RRB- but it did n't work .
 I was looking for a version of Act that would be compatible with others in my office without paying a lot . What I got was not what I expected . I was unable to install it on my laptop as it was always giving me an error `` Invalid drive F : '' . I will keep looking for a copy that will install without problems .
 I 'm sorry , but when I buy a product , I expect it to work . ACT does not . The email button , when pressed , reads something to the effect of
 What a mistake I made !!! Unlike past versions , ACT 2007 is an unmitigated disaster
 Good grief . Where do I begin ? We upgraded two computers from 6.0 to ACT 2007 . Prior to the install , we totally reformatted our hardrives and did a clean install of Windows XP . We performed an XP update , installed MS Office and basically had two smokin ' clean machines - more or less brand new . Then we we installed ACT ! 2007 expecting perfection . Our problems with the software have been :1 -RRB- Miserable , buggy installation - barely worked .2 -RRB- Inability to convert our old ACT 6.0 e-mail database into the new version of ACT 2007.3 -RRB- Slow , slow , sloooowwww performance .4 -RRB- e-mails will delete themselves for no apparant reason . This is the worst of all .5 -RRB- Terrible syncing with the Palm . Sometimes it works , other times it does n't , overwrites data when it is not supposed to and vice-versa .5 -RRB- Useless Sage tech support.Don ' t buy this product . In fact , I would never buy another product from Sage ever again . My colleague has already ditched ACT ! and switched to using the Palm Desktop and Outlook Express . This was after losing all his e-mails . If I lose all my e-mails again - I will uninstall and ditch my copy altogether.I would love to reclaim the hours of my life lost to this poorly written loser of a program .
 I have been a long-time ACT ! user . My biggest complaint is recovery . If you have to move the email and database to another computer due to a failure you have to jump through hoops ; that 's just what one feels like doing when the pressure is on . I still ca n't bring my ACT ! 2007 email over even though ACT ! says it was restored successfully -LRB- empty folders ! -RRB- . They have a ridiculous technical support team unwilling to help unless you pay , pay and pay and their knowledge base must have been restored like my email
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased . I should have listened to the other reveiws on here . Would have saved me hours of toture . I waited for hours to try to get this software to work . Upon picking up the phone they cut me off instead . This happened twice.They have no escalation process and had to call back and wait again and again . At the end of all of this they finally admitted there were serious issues with the sofware and the database loading . I 'm Sending it back for a refund.I 'm now looking for another contact managment tool but will never purchase anything from Sage . It is a lost , horribly run organization.Please do n't put yourself through the frustration by buying this software and trying to get it to work.DH
 It actually deserves no stars . Our company , an American multinational corporation , bought the workgroup version of this product for one of our departments in Brazil and never received valid installation codes in order to make it work . After a 30 day trial and training of all our users , we had to stop all work because the reseller for Latin America did n't offer any help and the developer showed no interest in hearing our complaints . This treatment for a product paid in full 15 days before the expiration of the trial period . Be prepared to face tremendous problems if you need support . Our last opinion is
 Our organization recently purchased ACT 2007 Premium for Workgroups ST edition -LRB- which is the top model -RRB- . ACT 2007 is buggy , has terrible performance , practically non-existent Tech Support , and Zero technical documentation . The performance is so bad that if you ask someone on the phone support line about it their response is `` Yes it will be slower than ACT 6 '' that 's not made up folks , that happened to me ! If you are on the IT staff and tasked with making this software work do n't expect to find any good documentation on ACT , particularly if you are looking for technical details because you wo n't find any . Not on Google and certainly not on Sage Software 's website . Sure there 's a knowledge base but great care is taken to make sure that any behind-the-scenes details are left out . And certainly do n't be impressed by any talk of ACT 2007 running on a SQL database because it is a proprietary named instance of SQL and you ca n't manage it unless you want to pay $ 1000 -LRB- yes that 's in addition to the cost of purchasing ACT and any licenses you may need -RRB- so that you can have the SA password . And please , PLEASE for the love of all that is holy do n't try to share your ACT database across a WAN or you WILL have nightmares about the experience . If you are just one person considering ACT as a personal contact management solution ... it might be an acceptable solution . If you are considering this for multiple users then consider something else because ACT will not work for you unless you are willing to shell out the additional $ $ to get consultants to set it up .
 DO N'T BUY Act ! 2006 OR 2007 IF YOU WANT TO RETAIN YOUR SANITY . I 'm a long-term experienced ACT ! user with every version since 2 . Also a veteran Windows network administrator . Sage should sell the rights to publish ACT ! to a company that cares about its reputation instead of believing their own BULL * & % about what they try and sell us . Two miserable versions IN SUCCESSION ! It 's stunning they can wake up in morning , look in the mirror and apparently feel good about themselves.If you really want an ACT ! version that works , 6 is the latest one which is reliable . But , there are MANY other contact management tools which actually work !
 iF i COULD , i WOULD GIVE THIS NEGATIVE STARS.Caveat emptor ! Let the buyer beware . I made the horrible and expensive mistake of buying this the beginning of Feb. 2007 . I had to open the box to realize I needed to load it as administrator . That was beyond my limited knowledge . Since it was opened I stupidly believed in their money back guarantee and got a return authorization . It took forever and many calls . They kept on lying on when the refund was mailed . Yes , this went into April 2007 !!!!! They insisted the mailing date was April 9th . On the 18th I thought I 'd never get it . They stopped payment and maybe issued another . Well , I received the $ 199 -LRB- I am shafted on my state sales tax . -RRB- But because those idiots did n't put the name of my street , it apprently was returned and what I got was postmarked April 16th !!!!! And they refuse to rescind the stoppayment . Sooooo ... I now need to pray I will ever receive the replacement . HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE . I ca n't beleive these people sell accounting and contact software .
 I have been using ACT since the old days when the product was owned by Symantec . In those days , Symantec had excellent online support and they also continued to support their products to make them compatible with changes in Windows and Microsoft Office . Sage is another story . Their online knowledgebase is weak and the only way to get company moderated forum support is to pay a fairly hefty fee -LRB- In general I do n't like to pay money to debug some elses software -RRB- . Sage released ACT 2007 in the fall of 2006 but they never really updated ACT 2007 to be compatible . Instead they issued a hotfix which I have n't tried yet . Also , even though it was released in 2006 . ACT 2007 is still not compatible with Microsoft Office 2007 . Sage pushes their customers to buy their new version every year in order to become compatible with other programs . However , the upgrade price is only a slight discount off of the new price so you end up buying the program all over again each year to be compatible with other programs . For what this program costs you do n't seem to get much support in return .
 Can I give it zero stars ? Do not buy this product . Do not buy this product . Do not buy this product . We 're a global audit company that was using ACT 6.0 and getting along just fine , thank you , until our CEO decided to upgrade to 2007 Workgroups . NIGHTMARE . The conversion process took us 2 days and multiple calls to tech support . We 're pretty computer savvy since we 've set up our own servers and developed software for our market , but we could n't maneuver easily through converting our databases from 6.0 to 2007 . We lost all our tasks , 1/2 our phone numbers and countless hairs off my head . The new version does n't support our printing labels and when I tried to convert the old ones over it was n't correct . All my letters did n't convert , so I had to start from scratch there . Each of these things took hours . In 6.0 , when you created a task list , it was in the order of the date you set the task for . AS IT SHOULD BE . In 2007 , when you create a task list and then go to the contacts to go through them , it 's in alphabetical order and YOU CA N'T CHANGE IT !! Thanks Sage , for putting out a truly crummy product .
 Truly a miserable experience . Have been using ACT ! through various upgrades since the early DOS days . It used to be a terrific program . The 2005 version was a disaster - slow , crashes , memory hog , you 've no doubt heard it all before . I just tried uninstalling 2005 and going back to my 2000 version . According to the reviews 2007 is no better.Save your money and sanity . Try something else . -- A disillusioned former ACT ! devotee .
 Dear Lord ! I 've been an ACT ! user for over 11 years , coming up through Windows 3.X and even administering a 7-user -LRB- 13,000 + contact -RRB- ACT ! network . Those of us who are old hands at ACT ! know that the program can be a wonderful slave and a terrible master . Such is the case with lots of crucial technology.My last upgrade was to 2005 . That one went off without a hitch . Since I decided to register that time , I 've been getting ` Upgrade to 2007 ' emails from Sage for about 9 months . I normally will ignore these solicitations , but the ` integration with Outlook ' feature caught my eye . I went ahead and downloaded the program -LRB- giant 250 + mb file -RRB- last Monday.After backing up my ACT ! data to 3 separate locations , I proceeded with my install . Virus software ` off ' , closed all non-essential programs , etc. . This thing was a mess from the get-go . After failing to start the install process several times , I called support , and after about 55 minutes of hold time , was handed off to a nice woman named Muralidharan who spent the next THREE HOURS on the line with me deleting individual items from the registry , downloading patches from Microsoft , etc. . At the end of that ordeal , we had a successful install , meaning the program would run.Next up was converting my database . That actually went smoothly , just humming along and proclaimimg success at the end . When I opened said database , I was pleased to see my contacts intact and even displayed in the template I had customized . Excited , I went to check my calendar , since that 's the main screen I use . No calendar items . Check to see if the filters are out of whack-nope . Items show on the task list , and future to-dos , calls , and meetings show under each individual contact 's ` activities ' tab , but there was no way in Hades I could get it to show up on the Calendar . Regarding the Outlook functionality-it 's not there if you use Word as your Outlook email editor . If you do n't use Word , it 's still a clunky , lame interface that requires a special ACT ! address book in Outlook , etc.Back to tech support . a 45 minute wait connected me to a very nice person who listened to my woes and promptly disconnected me . The next person I spoke with , after a nearly 1 hour hold -LRB- nice New-Age hold muzak , btw -RRB- , was equally as friendly but apparently suffered fronm the same phone problems as the prior tech , since he disconnected while putting me on hold.Fast forward to today . I fired up the evil box for a day in the office , hit the ACT ! launch button , and watched it load significantly faster than I had remembered . Heartened , I waited for the activities to roll over . I can tell you now-I think I 'd still be waiting for that rollover if I had n't killed the process . I watched an hourglass for about ten minutes before doing a cold boot and retrying . Same result . Last straw.I called ACT ! and requested a refund . After a -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- 30 minute wait , I was connected with a gentleman who credited me back for my full purchase price . For the record , everyone I 've dealt with at Sage has been helpful and friendly . One person I spoke with -LRB- likely NOT on a recorded line ! -RRB- even lamented that the product may have been brought to market ` prematurely ' . Bottom line
 Wow -- I am a new ACT user , having bought ACT 2007 just a couple weeks ago . I 'd never used any earlier version of ACT . I did a lot of research on line , for a LONG time , looking for the contact/client management software that would fit my needs . I never really found it.Anyway , my biggest complaint here , as others have said , is that the performance with ACT 2007 is just apalling . You click on `` Weekly Calendar '' or `` Opportunities List '' , and it can take 30 to 40 seconds before the screen finally refreshes . And none of the other programs on my computer perform this poorly -- and I use older versions of SQL Server on the same computer , which is the same database ACT uses.In terms of features , I just do n't understand how a program that costs so much really offers so little , ultimately . I run a real estate referral business , so I need to link contacts to one another . That is , a client to an agent . More specifically , multiple clients to a single agent . I have yet to find software that lets me do this in any efficient way . Even with ACT , all I can do is create a `` company '' which is basically the agent him/herself -LRB- which does n't really work , because they also work for companies -RRB- and then assign the clients to them . The interface is busy and complicated , and I spend way too much time trying to figure out how to use this software.I do n't usually like to write such negative reviews unless I have something better to suggest , but in this case
 I 've used ACT ! since it was a DOS product . For some of you youngsters , DOS was Windows ' predecessor and did n't have any icons or mice . I know it sounds like a hardship , but we were pretty proficient at typing our commands.Anyway , I 've watched ACT ! as it was sold , repurchased , sold again and again and each time the quality decreased and the arrogance increased . This is a typical , yet unfortunate trend for large software developers . Their stockholders become more important than their customers . This is the case with ACT ! 2007 . It was promoted and hyped with the best traditional talent left on Madison Ave , yet the software is faulty and produces unintelligible error messages like , `` ERROR
 Like the other reviewers , I used Act ! for years with success . I found it good at almost instantaneously giving me the information I needed to know about my clients and prospects , such as all of my previous contacts with them and whether they were by phone , email or letter , along with copies of the content . I could also do all kinds of searches by various filters to identify groups , send individual merge-mail emails to the group members based on a template , and use many other beneficial features . It far outperformed Outlook.I made the mistake , however , of upgrading to 7.0 -LRB- Act ! 2005 -RRB- , which is on a new software platform , it turns out . I got the same sluggish response others had reported , plus I could n't get it to synchronize properly with my Treo 600 . I was annoyed that when Sage Software fixed the sluggishness -LRB- mostly -RRB- , I had to buy an upgrade to get the fix . There were n't sufficiently attractive new features to warrant purchasing an upgrade otherwise . So I purchased 2 upgrades in less than a year . At least version 8.0 -LRB- Act ! 2006 -RRB- loaded the calendar and contacts faster , but I still could n't get it to synchronize properly with my Treo . I broke my Treo , so this time I bought a Pocket PC . Despite hours and hours of effort and hiring an authorized consultant to work on the problems , I never got Act ! 2006 to synchronize properly with my PDA . I also got error messages and sometimes it would just hang up unexpectedly.In short , Sage Software promises a lot of solutions on the box , but delivers a lot of headaches . Act ! is a better product than Outlook , but do n't go there until you hear that they have worked out the bugs ! As for me , I stopped saying `` I wish I could quit you '' and just quit Act ! At least Outlook will sync with my PDA . I 'm not going to get suckered into buying yet another upgrade for what should be a patch or a fix .
 I have been an ACT user since 1988 version 1.0 DOS . Yes I said DOS . I upgraded to version 2006 last year and shelved the product due to the speed issues and stability problems.Recently I had to retrieve one contact from act . I had the back-up database but the program had been removed so I downloaded the new version 2007 . Suprisingly it performs much better but and it is a big But ! The calendar will not display anything but 5 little ones and the year is 2017 . SO much for planning ahead . There is no reference to this in the knowledge base and tech support will not take my calls.I got so fed up with Sage that I sent them a demand notice and threat to sue them on 2006 . They just sent me a release and are reimbursing me for the original purchase over a year ago ... How could their programmers missed a small feature like calendars ?
 First , let me say that this is no reflection on Amazon.com . They have been great to work with . My statement has to do with Sage Software and their `` customer support '' I purchased the ACT 2007 software mid decemeber with the idea of using it , and recommending it for use by our company . I needed some technical help in trying to get through an area of setup of the software . I called Customer tech support a total of 5 different times , being on hold an average of 35 minutes each time and never spoke to a live body . When I finally did speak to someone in tech support , it was off-shore tech support . When I explained the problem they started to do a `` work around '' and did not follow how the instructions with the software said how to do the process . When I questioned the `` work around '' she abruptly put me on hold , when she cam back and i asked the questions again as to why they work around , she would not answer . It was as though she was following a script . I do n't have time for this type of `` service '' I even wrote my questions and expressed my concerns to Sage software , even filled out their customer satisfaction survey , to date i have never recieved a reply.I worked with Amazon , explained the problem with the lack of customer support from Sage software and Amazon was very kind in allowing me to return the software.I am now looking for a different CRM software other than ACT . I will not recommend it to anyone due to their lack of support .
 Okay , since I 'm forced to give it 1 star , I suppose I have to . But , if you are a version 6 Act user , and own a small business , save yourself time , money , headaches and aggravation . In this case , abstincence is definitely the best policy . DONT DO IT . I purchased the upgrade because I received grave messages and emails telling me that my version of act will never be supported . So , I bought the new one . I also figured if it was that much better , it was n't that big a deal . But , let me tell you-this product is an act impersonator . It 's very sluggish , and does n't do what it claims to . -LRB- i.e , no integration with outlook , the calendar , the mail merges not working , the list goes on -RRB- . It 's a huge downstep and unless you are a complete masochist , I strongly advise to do the following
 I was perfectly happy with mt ACT 6.0 2004 . I fell for the pitch announcing the 2007 release saying that version 6.0 would no longer be supported . I upgraded and have regreted it ever since . It is slow as H * ll . Glitchy and just does n't work as well as 2004 . The ACT tech support people seem to be friendly but do not speak English . I just had to give up on them because I could n't understand what they were saying and they could n't understand me either.My advice - DO NOT UPGRADE !!! 2004 is still the best version .
 Read the many `` one-star '' reviews on this and Act ! 2006 from experienced Act!users . They are all too true . Sage apparently is trying to commit corporate suicide by releasing entirely untested , pre-alpha versions of an incompetently re-designed application . A class-action suit should be in the works for the damages these products are causing.Act ! 2006 and 2007 will not only cause you hours of trouble with installation and data conversion , but will do plenty of damage to your Windows installation -LRB- registry entries , processes loaded on startup , etc. -RRB- . Sage deserves to go out of business on these .
 Every upgrade has been disappointment . The best version was 2000 . I have spent thousands in IT support to `` try '' to get ACT to function properly . I got it to work on my new server until I tried to create a remote database for one of our laptops . That corrupted the whole installation . After un-installing ACT , we where unable to re-install it . The only work around after hours of research is to re-format our server which means hours ... That 's it ! After 10 years of using ACT I will change to something else !! I have written may e-mails to communicate my many frustrations over the years . It is all in vein . All I have ever gotten was an automated response . They do not care about the users , only about how to promote the sales of newer inferior versions . So given that my suggestions is : DO N'T BUY ACT OR ANY SAGE PRODUCTS !!!!!!!!!! ROY
 I have written Sage 3 times in one year for a refund for ACT 2007 , which is an awful product . This is warning they will ignore you .
 I had Act 2003 working on 3 computers , then I had to upgrade to 2007 because Sage would n't support the older version any more . I had to get a new CPU for one system for the Act 2007 to work on it . Then another system crashed and I had to buy a new one . This one has to have Vista on it because that 's what they all come with now . So I get Act installed on the new Vista operating system and find out it does n't work on Vista , so now , after 1 year of use , I have to upgrade to 2008 for the new system which wo n't sync with the other computers anymore ... I do n't understand why they pushed so hard for everyone to buy a system that wo n't work on any new computer and why they just ca n't do a fix for 2007 ! What a rip off !
 I work for a major corporation who had been using the ACT family of products for the last 10 years . We have approximately 21,000 contacts in our ACT db . Around a year ago we decided to upgrade our 2005 ACT software to ACT for Web 2007 . This upgrade has been the bane of my existence at my company . As a programmer myself , I can tell when a piece of software has taken a downhill turn ... and i think ACT for Web is a prime example of sloppy programming and what looks like a non quality tested release . Any time someone brings up the word `` ACT '' a shudder goes down my spine.Our ACT 2005 worked reasonably well , but it was a beast . To combat our 20 + sales people all synching to our ACT db at the same time which made everything slow to a halt , we decided a centralized ACT for web 2007 server would be our answer . Our problems include : * Reports dont run ... not even any error messages ... they just do n't run from within the program . * Bugs and error messages - Cryptic error messages like `` ERROR
 I began using Act ! 2.0 DOS 15 + years ago . I have upgraded every couple of years since . There were functions that it should have been able to perform , but it was great for scheduling a lot of calls , meetings and activities and keeping notes and client history organized . Around 2004 I started using a PDA so I got the Act for Palm sofware with my purchase of Act ! 2004 -LRB- ? -RRB- ... it worked ok . Then they released Act ! 2005 in September of 2004 - so I got it because it was supposed to be better at PDA functionality . I loaded it up and immediately found out that it was incompatible with my version of Act ! Palm . I scheduled monthly calls to follow up ; they kept telling me a new version of Act ! for Palm was being released soon , turns out they did not release a compatible Act ! for Palm for about a year . Act ! 2005 could only synch 1-way to the Palm , but it could not accept info from Palm to desktop . After a lot of calls with Act ! I ended up getting new Palm software and ran it on ok Act ! 2005 . Act had diminished in functionality for years , but at least notes in my Palm would synch with Act . Last year I got v. 9.0 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- because it was supposed to be better and more functional ... yes , it synch 's with my Palm both ways , but the calendar functions are illegible and useless . Previously , backup took about 2 minutes ; now it takes 45 minutes and gets an error message about 1/3 of the time . There is no choice provided to do a quick backup of files ; you backup all contacts and attached files -LRB- 1000 's of e-mails , PDF 's etc -RRB- each time Act ! backs up . It no longer will synch with Outlook since I got an Act ! generated pop-up that notified me of an `` Update '' - guess what happened when I ran Act ! 's update - yep ... no access to Act ! at all . Over the next few days Tech support took hours to get me back using Act ! - deleting registers etc. . It took 4-5 Technicians to finally get it going - still with no Outlook synch , and the Palm synch has never been the same . Several tech 's told me to NEVER update Act ! from their links - it always causes problems . I keep getting mail about v. 2008 but I 'm pissed that they never fixed 2007 , and per numerous Act ! Tech 's should never have released it with all of its problems . Now they want to sell me the new Act ! with some new dashboard gimmick - nowhere have I seen that they have fixed anything that malfunctioned in Act ! - I 'm done with Act ! - I 'm bringing in someone to get my databases converted to Outlook or anything but Act .
 I run support for a company with 5 Act users . Since the upgrade to 2006 , and subsequently 2007 , I 've come to the following conclusion . Act 2000 was decent enough -- it was at least kind enough not to trash your system just to run it . These latest versions are an assault on all that makes sense in software design . The formats are bloated , the program consumes resources like a fleet of Hummers , leaving the polluted , twitching remains of your hardware behind . If you value your sanity , or the speed at which you can accomplish anything on your computer , take it from a humble IT guy -- Do yourself a favor and find something else.We 're not running this on slouch hardware either -- Core 2 Duo 1.8 Ghz , 2 GB Ram on Vista is reduced to a quivering mass of silicon . 3 GHZ desktop P4 's with 1-2 GB RAM are reduced to doddering idiots.Please -- find something else , for your own sake . Abandon all hope , ye who enter here .
 1 Star is being generous . I 've been an ACT user for almost 20 years . I think it 's time to say good-bye . Reasons :1 . 2007 version is agonizingly slow . Effects my whole system . I added 1 gb of RAM bringing my total to 2gb with no improvement . Seems like 5 secs to execute ANY command in the program . Does n't seem like much bu count it ... one one thousand , two one thousand ... It adds up when you use the program all day , every day .2 . Support is atrocious . You get 60 days after purchase and then ca n't even access their tech moderated forum unless you pay $ 300 a year .3 . It ought to be broken down . I use it to manage client information and communication , I do n't need all the Opportunity garbage and one can spend more time managing a process than actually doing the darn thing .4 . Support sticks . In the last couple of years , I 've never had a phone call answered in less than 30 minutes ... and that includes when I was dumb enough to pay the then $ 200 a year .5 . Support stinks even when you pay 300 a year .6 . Support is a ripoff . One support plan . No by incident option . 300 bucks or nothing .7 . Did I mention that support is the worst ? They seem to do things on the website and then think about what they just did . Navigating their forums is a nightmare . I had to click around for 10 minutes this morning to figure out how to post in an unmoderated forum . -LRB- BTW , 4 messages total in the 2007 section in 6 months . I guess most pay their 300 bucks for the moderated forum . -RRB- 8 . An example of how time consuming it can be
 Hi , I have been using ACT ! since it was a DOS program . I wo n't retierate what others have said here except to say in most aspects the program operates poorly and is unstable.Database - The program actually operated half way decently prior to going to the Microsoft SQL platform . Today I experience constant lockups , poor interaction with the email program . Feature wise , on paper the database is quite powerful with great flexibility and the ability to customize lookups and reports , however what good is it if you 're constantly booting it down and up?EMAIl - The email program is abhorrent . I would say that I have to reboot approximately 5 - 10 times a day . And when I do all custom settings that I set into the program such as `` signatures '' are dropped and I have to redo . Usually I have to go through setting up the email system again through the wizard . Please note that if you are using Outlook 2007 , Act ! is n't able to interface with that yet , just Outlook Express and Internet email.Tech Support - If you are really going to get this program , and after you 've had your head examined , sign up for the tech support option after you 're free period is over . You 're going to need it for approx $ 300 . Expect to experience 30 - 40 min hold times before to talk to live body . Also expect to be speaking with someone in India and have an interpreter with you because invariably they speak very bad english . Also expect to be put on hold frequently because most of the technicians only have a rudimentary understanding of the program and potential fixes so if it is n't in the online fix notes they frequently put you on hold for several minutes while they consult some mystery person for their opinion on how to fix the problem . My average call is 1 - 2 hours.Conclusion - Do yourself a favor and do not buy this program under any circumstances . I 've heard that Goldmine is better but their tech support is lousy also . Unfortunately I 've got too much time invested with ACT to pull away yet but if a better program came along I 'd jump on it in a heartbeat.I rate ACT ! 2007 a minus 0
 ACT ! is one of thos applications that 's been `` passed off '' over the years . It used to be by Symantec , then Best Software , now Sage ! Sage tends to make very user unfriendly software and is unintuitive . You are almost forced to purchase a service plan with them because of their complicated software & bugs . This new version of ACT is no different ! I waisted about 3 hours trying to install and get this program to work properly before giving up and going back to ACT ! 2005 by Best Software which installed and worked fine in a matter of about 10 minutes . So unless your planning on waisting lots of time with this version by Sage & spending hours on the phone with Tech Support , then I would recommend purchasing an older version that is NOT released by Sage !
 I 'm getting my money back tomorrow morning !! Have used version 6.0 for a long time and love it . Got fooled into buying 9.0 by their notice that it would not be supported.I 've spent the last 2 days trying unsuccessfully to get back to where I was . Fortunatly , my old version and data are intact.Main complaint is that it is SLOW , and search function is unpredictable . -LRB- Search funcions are key to the way I use this in my biz -RRB- . For example , in 6.0 I can keyword-search all contact fields with any number of digits to find a phone # ... it will search 4000 records in about 1-2 seconds . With 9.0 , it requires hyphens between AC , prefix and last 4 . If you search on last 4 , match is found , but last 5 will not find a match with or without hyphen . Last 6 thru 10 OK , so long as hyphens present . Very arbitrary . Plus search time is close to 10 seconds.Big step backwards .
 My company uses Outlook , so with Act ! promising Outlook synchronization , I figured it would be a good buy.I installed the program . Followed the instructions to sync Outlook contacts and notes . Midway through , it revealed it would be sync ` ing 1500 records . Pressed the `` Finish '' button and 5 minutes later , the Act ! database was the proud owner ~ 1300 contacts.That did n't seem right . Could it be my Outlook db has 200 duplicates and Act ! merely cleaned them up ? Well , my Outlook did indeed hav a few duplicates -LRB- maybe 10 or so -RRB- , but even they were sync ` ed to Act ! while 200 or so unique contacts were not.I even added brand new test records into Outlook . Repeated the sync and the new contacts did not come over to Act!I created another Act ! database , tried to sync , and still got only the same original contacts to populate.Called support . Got a friendly helper . He told me that since there are too many unpopulated fields in Outlook contacts , Act ! wo n't synchronize all the records!His solution
 Stay away from this software . I was a loyal and happy ACT customer for 8 years until I upgraded to this version , so I 'm really sad to say that this version is a total nightmare . I 've experienced tremendous problems , including being locked out of my database altogether . This software also glitched up my computer and basically brought the entire thing down at one point . If it was n't for the fact that I have a super-techie husband , I never would have been able to retrieve my data or get things running -LRB- hobbling -RRB- again . Tech support is entirely WORTHLESS !!! Sorry , but find another product . I feel like I have no choice but to start searching other contact managers now . Bummer !!!!
 I read all of the reviews , and saw how bad this product was rated . However , I also found -LRB- after 3 tech support calls -RRB- that if you want to use Act ! for Palm , you need to upgrade to the new version if you want it to work with your other software . I reluctantly upgraded as I wanted these systems to work . After two days on the phone with Tech support it was determined that my machine would not install the program -LRB- even though the system was less than a year old and met all of the system requirements -RRB- . It was suggested that I go and purchase a new machine . Unfortunately , now I will need to restore the older version ! I wonder how long it will take to get that one working again ! Act ! is the only program I have had problems with . I wish Sage could write a program that actually did what was advertised !
 * I purchased the top end Dell Dimension XPS -LRB- with the fast harddrive -RRB- but I still have to allow about 10 seconds for the initial program startup , then it seems to hang for 15 or 20 seconds after that . * I reboot my system each time I close ACT . The system just seems to run better without any `` lingering '' remnants of the program in memory . * Everytime I delete a contact the program locks up . It has done this through several versions . I simply reboot my computer , restart ACT and it works fine . * At some point ACT changed the date on many -LRB- hundreds -RRB- of my activities to 11/18/2004 . Now I manually type the date into the call , to do , meeting and note fields to avoid this problem in the future.Supplemental 5/23/07
 ACT is the contact management software that I 've used for the past 12 years . Many years ago it was originally excellent , but it is now living off its formerly good name.Twelve years ago Act was a truly outstanding program , but no more . Since that time I have purchased 5 generations of upgrades , but never will again.The original publisher has sold out to Sage Software , which now makes ACT difficult and complicated so you will be forced to purchase their expensive , high-priced -LRB- and high-profit -RRB- telephone support.Each new iteration of ACT seems deliberately made to be 10 times more complicated than the version before.What is hard to see , at first , is that from the get-go , it is Act 's intention to make its software excessively complicated and difficult.They even offer for sale extremely high priced booklets promising to help you with the software , but they LEAVE STEPS OUT so you will nevertheless be forced to purchase their high-priced telephone support . I poured considerable time into the manuals , but received absolutely nothing usable . Their support manuals are especially Machiavellian because , in every case , crucial steps are missing.Twelve years of experience has taught me that there are not enough bad words in the English language for the greedy and thieving Machiavellian Sage/ACT software company . Worldwide , all things considered , it must be among the very worst.CAUTION , when you are reviewing the mostly awful user reviews , it is n't hard to see which review was done by Act 's advertising agency .
 Like most others writing here , I used ACT for years . I upgraded from Act 2000 to Act 2006 . It was awful . They told me I should upgrade to 2007 . I did . I 'm now hunting for something different . This product is terrible
 Hello!I have used ACT ! since ACT ! for DOS and I never , ever thought I 'd stop using this product . I always LOVED it!But I give up . This is NOT your Father 's Act!The program is now horrendous . It is way too slow , way too time consuming to be a time saver , foolishly designed and quite unreliable.USE anything other than this program . Stick to a Rolodex . Tie strings on your fingers . Put sticky-notes all over your house -- but , especially do this one very important thing : VOTE with your money -- and do n't even consider supporting this product or company . Putting out this nasty software is tantamount to committing violence against all of the millions of users that rely on it and made the Publisher 's very wealthy . This product is now truly junk.This program is really THAT bad . STAY FAR AWAY . . Buyer Beware!Mark
 Try Contact Plus Professional instead . It works -- unlike ACT -- and it 's very easy to learn to use . They even have an ACT conversion for people who are fed up with ACT .
 I have been an ACT ! user for years . Actually started with ACT ! 5 several years ago.I decided to buy this program so that it would sync with my Treo 700wx . Really the only reason I bought it . Did that only a year and a half ago . It worked great until ... I go to buy a new system with Windows Vista . Come to find out , this program will not allow sync with a PDA in Vista . So the biggest reason I bought it was now moot.Now I am bombarded with e-mails asking me to upgrade for another $ 199 to ACT ! 10 so that I can have the functionality I paid for in the first place . Most companies make a patch or something for Vista and offer it for free ... NOT SAGE.Instead of upgrading ACT ! , I kept this version and bought Outlook 2007 for seamless sync with my PDA.Sage has lost me as a customer probably forever . Great product IMO , just bad corporate policies .
 I have used ACT ! for 17 years and need the product for my work . I upgraded this year from Act ! 2004 because Sage discontinued support . Act ! 2007 is a huge disappointment for this user and my two assistants . Luckily , my company has a person who can troubleshooot Act ! 2004 so we have gone back to it and RETURNED ACT ! 2007 , for a full refund .
 Like many other reviewers , I have used Act ! since it was Contact Software International . I have been using Act 6.0 since it came out , and put up with its shortcomings -LRB- buggy , integration with Outlook bad , slow -RRB- , and tried each new version when they came out , installing and upgrading . Most recently I purchased top of line new Dell Dimension huge RAM blah blah blah , and this program with just my personal database installed locally was painfully slow . I have to say they are good about returns , but the consistent lousey reviews are shocking . Thanks to Amazon for providing a forum to see the disaster that Act has become .
 I echo the other negative comments . We have used Act for years , and the support was never stellar . Now the support is nonexistent . It causes every system we have to fail . We have done every equipment upgrade they suggested , and it only seemed to make matters worse . We are trying to get our money back and are going to go back to the older version . This program is terrible .
 Our firm has been using ACT ! for over 12 years . It `` was '' a great product at one time , but it has been trash since they went to the new SQL platform . Slow , cumbersome , hangs , and crashes . The integration with MS OUTLOOK is awful . We have quit trying to use the email integartion with Outlook two years ago.The software has serious problems , but Sage has had no significant updates or patches to fix them . They want you to buy the newer version in hopes of something better . We tried that once , and it was still junk . We have sent several emails to Sage looking for help or direction , but never got a response from them.We will migrate to a new software product by the end of this month . Act ! is not worth the aggravation .
 I think the other reviewers have covered most of the flaws ; however , the only reason I upgraded was for the `` improved outlook integration '' . What a waist of money ! 1 -RRB- They make you disable Word as the email editor ... ! What is the point of having outlook if you cant use Word ? I might as well use notepad .2 -RRB- You have to manually reconsile historical messages .3 -RRB- The emails that do show up in the Act history are poorly formated and hard to read/navigate .4 -RRB- The time/date stamp for emails in Act is from when the message was added to act , not when it was written .5 -RRB- The calendar sync is slow and defaluts to OVERWRITE outlook6 -RRB- Act & Outlook both run slower -LRB- if that is even possible -RRB- with this `` feature '' enabled .7 -RRB- WORST OF ALL - the MAPI directory they make you create in outlook that links to Act causes Outlook to hang frequently.It 's no wonder they have ZERO information about this feature in the sales material , it 's vaporware.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I have used ACT since the early 1990 's . Recently received a notice from ACT ! by Sage that I needed to upgrade as they were not doing any updates on previous versions.WELL , what a mistake . I spent the money for ACT ! 2007 , then spent another $ 200 for tech support . After 8 tries talking to their support people , I still can not load the program . I am trying to load it on a brand new machine , nothing wrong with the computer.I have been promised return calls , but not any answers . $ 370 later , I have a nice book to read , an old ACT ! program that they do n't support anymore , and a new one that they can not load .
 I 've used Act for years and upgraded to the new version to get the Outlook integration . I do like the new email merge capabilities , but I did have to add 1GB of RAM -LRB- 2GB total now -RRB- to improve the performance . My chief complaint is that the calendar is broken , as other users have also reported . When I pull up the daily calendar view it displays November of 2021 and there is no way to get it back to November 2006 for the daily view . So , as a workaround I 've resigned myself to use Outlook for appointments . I also miss the ability for automatic Screen Pops for inbound calls from clients in my database that I had in my previous ACT version . I was very surprised to lose that capability . I 'm not crazy about the way ACT 2007 makes copies of attachments and stores them in the ACT folder rather than just linking to the native attachments . Seems like a waste of space , but that is a minor gripe compared to the other items which effect the way I conduct my business . The technical support is horrible and their free online FAQ 's for ACT 2007 are completely worthless . Sage makes no attempt to gather information about bugs nor offer any advice for fixes . Sage should be ashamed of releasing what appears to be a beta product with such poor support . When their online support failed I tried calling them and spoke with someone in India . I have never had such an unpleasant and non-productive tech support phone experience with any other company .
 I have read some of the other Amazon.Com reviews on ACT and see that I 'm not alone . I upgraded to ACT 6.0 because of problems I was having with the previous release and my laptop has been locking up ever since . They want me to upgrade to the next release to get it fixed . I do n't think so . Maybe I 'll just wait for Microsoft to come out with their CRM package and we 'll see if ACT decides to get their ACT together and survive . I do like their software ... but it has to work consistently .
 I installed ACT ! following PRECISELY the instructions provided . Problems started right from the beginning with my e-mail . I had Microsoft Office 2003 and Outlook with Business Contact Manager installed and I was using Microsoft Word as my e-mail editor . After 45 minutes waiting on the phone to have someone in India answer the phone and tell me that what I needed to do was to un-install and re-install both Outlook and ACT ! , I realized that I was on my own to solve the problems I had.I would like to post some `` tips '' to those that want to install this software that may help that your installation experience not be as frustrating as mine .1 -RRB- Check that you DO NOT have Business Contact Manager installed with your Outlook . If you do , then you need to un-install Outlook and re-install it again -LRB- this time without BCM -RRB- . Make sure you back up all your e-mails first ! 2 -RRB- Assuming you have Outlook installed without BCM , then go to Tools/Options/Mail Format Tab and make sure you unselect -LRB- do not check -RRB- `` Use Microsoft Office Word 2003 to edit e-mail messages `` 3 -RRB- Turn off ALL your applications , including your anti-virus programs4 -RRB- Follow the ACT ! installation instructions.NOTE
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing two ACT 2007 upgrade copies for our small business . Other reviewers have described their experiences with Sage tech support , so I will spare you a repetition.In my case -LRB- following a solid two day effort to get things working -RRB- Sage 's fix was to disable the Windows Firewall . Our outside IT consultants called this solution `` insane '' and advised against it.In the end , we had to remove the upgrades and revert to the previous ACT version -LRB- add another fun experience with Sage 's Tech Support ... -RRB- . Sage agreed to take the software back -LRB- shipping cost - ours -RRB- and issue a full refund in `` about 4 to 6 weeks after receipt '' , which is considerably longer than the one day it took them to charge my credit card.My advice - do not buy it . If you do , make sure to have at least a one day supply of food and water in your office before calling Sage tech support .
 I have read all 34 reviews hoping to find a glimer of hope with all of my probablems . Everything I read is exactly what I have experienced . I have been an ACT user since 1998 . I am looking for something else or maybe my bosses will let me downgrade to 2005 ! I was so excited and did n't even read or research the negatives . . Everything has been said , so I ca n't add to it !!! Maybe stockholders will read this information which is the only reason I added to the site . I did n't buy from Amazon.Lynette
 I bought the ACT 2007 based on recommendations from a friend who uses and earlier version . I wish I had read more reviews before purchasing.There is no support for this software . You can not speak to a technical support person without first keying in a credit card number . If you talk to a customer service representative all they want to do is sell you a service plan for either $ 299 or $ 199 . They claim the email will work with Outlook . Everytime I use their email my computer gives an error message and then crashes.I read in an earlier review that someone was thinking about a class action lawsuit . I would love to testify in that trial.The bottom line is if I could get my money back I would .
 I spent 4 hours loading Act 2007 including manually uninstalling Act 6.0 . It worked fine for a couple of days and then I lost my calendar . The items are there in a popup , but there are no displays in any view of actual day , week or month . I tired to uninstall and reinstall with the same result . So I uninstalled Act and all the MS stuff they also load , and now it wo n't reinstall . This is a nice product when it works , but the new version is awful . I would give it 0 stars if I could .
 I used Act ! before and decided to upgrade to Act ! 2007 . The program has NOT worked properly since installing the program about two months ago . I keep getting a fatal `` Failed to open a connection to the database '' which promptly shuts down the program . The Act ! online support group uninstalled and reinstalled the program . After one week , the fatal error message returned . Since my 60 days of free online support is scheduled to expire in early December , I decided to return the software to Sage and ask for a full refund rather than be caught in a position of having to purchcase online support for $ 299/year or get stuck with a software I ca n't use . I 've have never purchased a program with so much problems after initial installation .
 Just tried installing this package under XP , using various compatibility modes . I finally had to reset the entire PC to a lower resolution display to compensate for the software 's inability to change resolutions correctly.You can find other kids ' software , even if it 's slightly older , that correctly resizes itself to whatever screen you have . These three programs do n't do that . There are too many bugs and quirks to mention here , but my overall impression is that the programmers were sloppy and totally ignored most standards of the Windows interface , and I 'm talking about really old standards , like some of those going back to Win95.The Voyage through the Solar System program seemed to offer the most fun . You click on a planet and get a brief narrated overview with an image of the planet . For seven of the nine planets , a `` Planetary Tour '' is offered , which in some cases like a low-altitude flyover and quite fun , with good music.However , this and the other programs rely a LOT on text that you must stop and read from the screen . My feeling is that this is just like taking a book with photographs , and making it inconvenient to use by slapping it onto a computer.It 's possible that the programs would have worked better on an older machine or a different operating system . But that would not improve the fact that there is a lot more `` old '' media -LRB- still photographs , plain text -RRB- in this collection than there is true interactive multimedia.Evidently it was a big deal to the designers and some consumers that they could press a Print button while looking at some of these pictures , and -LRB- I guess -RRB- stick that in a homework project to jazz it up . I really do n't know . You can get many images for free from the NASA website , and the information about the planets themselves is readily accessible . These programs do not go far enough in exceeding those sources to make them worth owning and installing , in my view . And watch out during the latter -- like many badly-designed software products , one or more of these may attempt to install Windows components overtop the ones already on your computer , and they may be incompatible . Make sure your Windows directory is write protected in some fashion to prevent that.As my review title suggests , I assume that it 's possible to make astronomy software for young kids that is fun , easy to use , not overly complex or data-intensive , and above all , well-designed and programmed with attention to standard Windows protocols . And I 'm guessing that such programs cost more than older packages like this . No doubt it 's a case of `` You get what you pay for . `` If you only have a few bucks and want something with planets and galaxies on your computer , this will do the trick . But young users are going to have to do a lot more work -LRB- reading text from the screen etc. -RRB- than they expect , if they 've used any other software before.Kids can have fun with some parts of it -- basically anyplace where pointing and clicking keep them involved in the content . I think the non-interactive part will go to waste , since most of it can be found in school textbooks or websites -LRB- like NASA -RRB- . So if you 're looking for one single , authoritative product , that takes full advantage of the multimedia abilities of modern PCs , I do n't think this is it .
 I thought the Kliplinger Will program would be as functional as their TaxCut software , but clearly this program falls short . The instructions were bad , and what drove me the MOST crazy was that there was no delete feature -LRB- if you mistakenly list your mutual fund under a savings account , for example , you ca n't just delete or recatogorize the entry -RRB- . When I printed my V-E-R-Y simple will , the program managed to spit out 45 pages of lawyer-speak . What a waste of paper.I ca n't return this dog fast enough . Thankfully Kiplinger allows a 60 day period for a full refund . I 'm going to try the Quicken program instead .
 Product had an error when entering the data . Called technical support and explained the error condition and even the cause . They seemed to have no interest in attempting to correct the problem . After a few attempts they did finally refund my money so I have to give them credit for that .
 I purchased this product with the expectation that it would at least function properly . Unfortunately , the product has some serious bugs . I have installed , uninstalled , and reinstalled the product on my Mac -LRB- G4 runnig OSX Panter -RRB- to no avail . If all you want to do is create a power of attorney then this is the product for you . Otherwise , spend your money elsewhere .
 Funny , this does n't seem to be very `` free . ''
 Our organization recently purchased ACT 2007 Premium for Workgroups ST edition -LRB- which is the top model -RRB- . ACT 2007 is buggy and has terrible performance . Oh and the support is next to worthless . Also if you are on the IT staff and tasked with making this software work do n't expect to find any good documentation on ACT , particularly if you are looking for technical details because you wo n't find any . Not on Google and certainly not on Sage Software 's website . Sure there 's a knowledge base but great care is taken to make sure that any behind-the-scenes details are left out . And certainly do n't be impressed by any talk of ACT 2007 running on a SQL database because it is a proprietary named instance of SQL and you ca n't manage it unless you want to pay $ 1000 -LRB- yes that 's in addition to the cost of purchasing ACT and any licenses you may need -RRB- so that you can have the SA password . And please , PLEASE for the love of all that is holy do n't try to share your ACT database across a WAN or you WILL have nightmares about the experience . If you are just one person considering ACT as a personal contact management solution ... it might be an acceptable solution . If you are considering this for multiple users then consider something else because ACT will not work for you unless you are willing to shell out the additional $ $ to get consultants to set it up .
 It actually deserves no stars . Our company , an American multinational corporation , bought this product for one of our departments in Brazil and never received valid installation codes in order to make it work . After a 30 day trial and training of all our users , we had to stop all work because the reseller for Latin America did n't offer any help and the developer showed no interest in hearing our complaints . This treatment for a product paid in full 15 days before the expiration of the trial period . Be prepared to face tremendous problems if you need support . Our last opinion is
 This software is so repetitive ... the same format is used for all the letters . Beginning Sounds is a completely inappropriate name for this software ... not once are letter `` sounds '' pointed out . I and my 21/2 year old daughter were very disappointed with the teaching methods and the TWO games . Strongly discourage anyone from purchasing this software .
 I have yet to find a `` School Zone '' software program for preschoolers that I like.Most of the games on this CD involve tasks where the child chooses two or more answers and then clicks the `` OK '' button to find out how he/she performed . If he/she answered all items correctly then a `` smiing star '' appears , if he/she is wrong a `` sad checkmark '' appears . -LRB- When an aswer is incorrect a simple `` try again '' is sufficient -RRB- . My 3 year old actually gets upset when the `` sad checkmark '' shows up . As much as we try to teach our children that mistakes can be a learning experience , they never seem to like making them . At this age it is very important to make learning fun , and this proram leaves a lot to be desired in that area.Also , this program does nothing to use the mistakes a child makes and assist them to learn from it . The feedback offers no corrective information and is too delayed to actually allow for any `` learning '' to occur.After several items have been performed it just says `` try again later '' or `` you 'll get it next time '' . Sometimes each item has a star or check next to it , but it never tells the child why the answer was incorrect , or how to correct it . How are you supposed to `` get it next time '' if there is n't any input as to how to do the task correctly ? Good software should give a child immediate assistance whenever needed . Learning at this age occurs best when a child is given information , i.e. `` that tem is different because we are looking at things we wear and an apple is something we eat . `` Not worth much as far as learning goes .
 Got to say something about Guitar Pro 6 . First , I have used GP5 for a long time and love it . When I saw that GP6 was out , I was hot to get it . $ 30 for the upgrade sounds like a great deal.But , I downloaded the new version and registered . They sent me new ID and Key numbers , but they did not work . I told them about it and they said it was a server problem and to try again . So I did , about 100 times and it still did not work . I have given up on getting GP6 , and from what I 've read about it , I have n't lost much.The last part of this story is that they will not give me my money back . Now , they simply will not respond to my requests . They just ignore me . OK , there are times I may deserve being ignored , but not here . I never have been nasty , and all I asked is that they either help me get it running or give my money back . They have done neither.So , Since the new version is not all that much an improvement over GP5 , I 'd say do n't take the chance unless you want a boat load of agravation and have more money than you need . This wo n't be everyone 's story , but it is mine
 Guitar Pro is a great software , but I am giving only 1 star because of eMedia 's quality control - only eMedia Product Demo was in the box .
 My copy of eMedia GuitarPro 5 turned out to be a demo only version . I tried to resolve this with Amazon and EMedia , but could not . eMedai declined to provide any assistance , referring me back to Amazon . A replacement copy had the same problem . I recommend against purchase .
 I bought this software and it loaded perfectly on my intel macbookpro running leopard . It crashed when I tried to launch it , so i reloaded it . Same thing happened . Multiple queries to emedia tech support have yielded ... nothing . My last request was for a refund . Wish I 'd purchased through Amazon and not directly for them .
 I WILL BE VERY SPECIFIC ABOUT THE PROBLEMS WITH THE LATEST GUITAR PRO UPDATE FOR MAC AS IT RELATES TO MAC OSX 10.4 AND 10.5 . DO NOT BUY IT . I REPEAT , DO NOT BUY IT .1 . WEIRD , IT FLUNKS THE MOST BASIC FUNCTION OF THE COMPUTER WORLD
 I purchased this item as a birthday gift for my son . When the gift was opened , to our surprise there was NO music CD in the box . Basically , my son received an empty box for his birthday . I contacted Amazon.com and expressed my dissatisfaction . I will not buy from this company again , and certainly will not recommend the company to any friends !
 So complicated and confusing you ca n't use it . No manuel to read . No costomer support.The COmpany is in France somewhere . So , there is NO 1-800 number to call for help , well you can call the funny French number.Totally waste ca n't use
 I also bought this in April and was sent a demo CD . I was pretty angry/disappointed , especially because I was so excited to finally get to use Guitar Pro on a Mac , but I figured that mistakes happen and sent it back to Amazon for an exchange . Then , A week later , I got the same demo CD ! I sent everything back and got a full refund on my purchase.So it 's been a few months and I 'm still interested in buying Guitar Pro- - the software is that helpful . I 'm just wondering if eMedia or Amazon have resolved the obviously prevalent quality control issue .
 Like Thinking Security wrote , I also could not register the Guitar Pro 5 software -LRB- and received version 5.2 -RRB- . I contacted the seller , Arobas Music , and they told me that eMedia had cancelled the license and directed me to contact them . I contacted eMedia this morning via email and am waiting to here back from them . I will update post again once this issue is resolved .
 I could not register this software because according to Guitar Pro , eMedia had cancelled the license . I have contacted eMedia and will post the outcome here . Also , I received GuitarPro 5.2 which is fine but somebody needs to get their act together .
 This product is horrible ! i have itunes but i bought this product so another member of my family could organize their music . Simply put , everything contradicts itself and the tutorial is not really a tutorial at all . Nothing is explained properly , and many functions require you to pay $ 60 to get an upgrade before you can use it -LRB- like retrieving the CD information ... meaning you have to manually enter it all since this wo n't let you do it -RRB- . This succeeded in frustrating me as i worked for hours trying to figure it out . Do n't waste your time and simply do n't buy it .
 Rated one star because no zero rating option available but this product is a zero . The manual , tutorial , and tech support are all in conflict over the features . Included features , per the manual and tutorial , are broken and tech support now says they are not supported . I will never buy a Magix product again . I intend to start a class action law suit if this software is not corrected to as advertised immediately .
 I purchased this product thinking I could encode my library of CD 's . It is cumbersome to use , and it does not deliver what they promise . Do NOT waste your money in this product . There are shareware products that do a better job than this one.Like they say
 I have previously purchased two older editions of Magix and loved it for many of its features . So , I upgraded with the Magix MP3 Maker 10 Deluxe ... to find out that one has no access to the CDDB when trying to retrieve info on a cd . That is HORRIBLE ! The older editions included this . I without a doubt wasted $ 30 . Shame on Magix . Very disappointed customer .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product without reading any of the reviews ... no words can even come close to describing the amount of frustration you would feel trying to use this software ... as for me , I could not even get passed getting the activation code ... I tried to get support but I am begining to seriously think that they do n't even exist or even if they are a legitamate company ... beware ...
 Not that any more negative reviews of the product are really needed , but this product is a disaster at best . The only real feature that I could get to work was the radio stations . I bought it to do some voice recordings . I worked for 3 hours trying to get the recording to save to no avail . It is difficult to use and I am not even sure that half of the `` features '' actually do work . I am going to try and return mine to Best Buy tomorrow and cross my fingers that I can at least get a store credit : - -RRB-
 A Microcenter employee recommended this product and it was a horrible experience . After struggling with it for hours I finally went on the web to find help and found these other reviews . Everything they say is true . The manual and tutorials are wastes of time . It 's too late for me , but before you buy anything try Audacity , a free music editor and recording software -- shareware . It 's everything that MPe Maker is n't .
 All I wanted to do was copy some CDs and move the sound to an MP3 machine . Could not get it to work . As a computer professional , it was especially frustrating and as a usually good shopper , even more irritating !
 Wow , did I get burned . I had a good experience with Magix 's Audio Cleaning Lab , so I just assumed this product would be good -- not bothering to check out the reviews here in advance . I bought it at Best Buy this afternoon and threw it in the trash this evening ! I have also been burned by the Sony Sound Forge $ 70 version -LRB- worthless -RRB- and the CakeWalk Pyro software . $ 30 down the drain ... ouch !!
 I was so prepared to love this version . I loved Version 2004 , and looked forward to all the improvements . Instead it is unuseable.Transparency rendering is not the same . Alpha channels break proper action of Mix , Transparent , and Chromakey -LRB- greenbox , bluebox -RRB- MPG rendering for DVDs and such is broken . The patch on Magix 's website is not under Updates , it 's hidden in Tools.Random `` Out of Memory '' errors on projects that V2004 handled properly even on systems with much less memory , even very small projects cause problems with V10 . Fatal errors at random that damage file structures.The worst part of this is that , according to the Magix Forums on their website , Magix released V10 Plus in Europe and has no plans for now to do any more patches to the plain V10 released in the US . V10 Plus is not available from their North American site , and Magix refuses to sell V10 Plus from their UK site to the US.V10 Plus is not even the same code - it 's actually an update of one of their other much newer editing tools , and does not share the bugs of the plain V10 they sell in North America . It has a lot of extras beyond just the plain fact that it works where V10 plain does not.From support.magix.net , from a US product evaluator for Magix software : `` EP-10 US is a patch version of Video Deluxe 2 , three years old . Features were added but not correctly and some code is missing . EP-10 UK is based on the German Video Deluxe 2005/2006 which is a year old . New features were added and seems no NEW bugs were added . `` I have gone back to using V2004 until I can buy V10 Plus from a UK eBay seller .
 Movie Edit Pro 10 is superb software and a true bargain for the price . It has everything you need to make gorgeous looking DVDs and I 've been able to archive my collection of rare VHS tapes to disc thanks to Magix Movie Edit Pro . The program is complicated and comes with a dense booklet . Since Magix is based in Germany , do n't expect tech support ... but , if you show patience , you will be rewarded with a stupendous software suite . From video enhancement to sixteen mixing tracks , this is literally like owning a production house . Magix is the company to watch , offering everything Ulead and Abode is selling at a mere fraction of the cost .
 One of the best editing programs but BEWARE if you plan on making home movies over 20 min . you will more than likely run into crashes ... I have used this program on two computers , one is a $ 3000 machine with a 4400 processor ... still crashes .
 I bought this for my Youtube channell , at first it was okay , but installing it was a major pain in the ass . rendering with it freezes your PC 90 % of the time , and when it 's not frozen , you 'll be compleatly unable to look at your desktop . Rendering in SD is about all it can do , because understanding the book they send with it is mostly for the music program . All in all . it 's okay-ish for beginners , or people who dont mind the verous problems . but if your serous about this hobby , job whatever . Get a better program .
 Try using the editor under Windows XP OS . I had to reinstall Movie Editor Pro 10 three times . After the thrid time I took the software off my system .
 Did not have full funtion of controls ... Magix did not help , said product too old . this is a 2000 version . save your money .
 I 've been spoiled by FL Studio 5.0 and my demo copy of Project 5 . A friend of mine was going to let go of his copy of Sonar 4 because he just bought Sonar 5 . But he has n't gotten around to it yet , and in my impatience I ventured into the software aisle of Comp USA looking for an inexpensive tool that I could use to automate the VST control interface of FL Studio while I lay down some audio tracks . I came across Magix Music Studio 10 Deluxe . By the looks of the screenshots and the promises on the box , as well as what few reviews I 've found on the product , I decided to give it a shot.I loaded it up and quickly discovered , however , that this kludge of a product had been literally sawed in two . The audio multi-track recording environment is one environment , while the MIDI and VSTi/DXi multi-track recording environment is a COMPLETELY SEPERATE PROGRAM !! Can you believe it ? Yes , you can record audio , by loading WAV files but possibly in realtime also , within the MIDI recording environment . But all those nifty audio effects must be loaded up into the seperate program.To make things worse , there does not appear to be a way to specify the default MIDI output device , so the MIDI Out on my MIDI controller is being used as the default device for MIDI playback because it 's the first thing it finds . And if THAT was n't bad enough , trying to use ASIO does n't work for me because the ASIO drivers keep giving me messageboxes saying `` can not use clock rate of 44khz '' or whatever . -LRB- I guess this is because my sound card -- an Audigy -- is set up for 48kHz . -RRB- And if you 're like me , you 'll throw up over your computer monitor when you see the remnants of an 80 's / 90 's - looking user interface filling up half of the product 's windows . It still uses pixellated two-color toolbar icons that remind me of the days of System 6.x on the Macintosh.I have not done enough tinkering to give it a full evaluation , right now I 'm still recovering from the shock factor of how utterly useless this thing is . I should have gone with Sonar 4 Home Studio on the rack there , or Cakewalk Music Creator , or drove over to Guitar Center to pick up Cubase SE , or something , anything other than this.Heck , the Voyetra offering looked to be better than this .
 The CD can not be used with monitors that use more than 240 . . of color . / the product is useless for todays computers
 This is a spam software . It 's good for the people that Amazon carries this , so that they can read the reviews before they fall in the same trick . However , Amazon will get sued one day or another because of selling spam . The software itself is cheap , but all the cost to have a professional come out and fix customer 's computer is not . Be aware!When it installs the ` ringtone maker ' , it also installs its ` MAGIX manager ' secretly . There 's no easy to to quit from the ` manager ' . You ca n't uninstall from the control panel either , because it stays in the system all the time . When you close the ` Magix manger ' windows , it pops up another window , which does not even have a ` close ' or ` quit ' button .1 Star is the lowest possible here , I wish I could do negative . Whoever made this software should be put into the jail .
 Look to their other products for more BAD reviews . Their customer support -LRB- NO PHONE # just e-mail or write them -RRB- to even `` unlock '' the features . It locks up my computer 90 % of the time and they never respond . I need the MP3 unlocked to be able to send it to my phone , but they never send the activation code . Useless !! In case you are wondering if I am just some dolt that just learned how to turn on my computer - I am A + and Network + Certified . I know what I am doing and this and the rest of their product line is JUNK . Save your money !!
 One thing they do not mention is that your wireless phone must have infared or have bluetooth . I did not know this and must now return the product . Make sure your cell is compatible before ordering .
 Magix started out over a decade ago with their music making software from which I have purchased 4 versions . This software is unstoppable . It does video , audio , and of course Music.Then I bought their newest version of Movie 10 pro plus . A bit slower than I had hoped but still does what it is there to do . . Magix software really performs . That said , lets talk about Ringtone -LRB- headache -RRB- Maker.This software should have been a book or a webpage . My girlfriend 's daughters wanted new cell phones . so we got them . Since I am into computers , we also got the data cables -LRB- about $ 45 per cable -RRB- so that we could get this Ringtone Maker and eventually save money by creating our own tones . When I brought the software home , I was the hero !! until ... you can not export ANY tone without first following any one of a dozen links to websites promising activation codes which dont exist to unlock features you would think the software was originally intended to create . Second , you dont know if your phone is compatible with the software . it just does not say . . -LRB- on the back of the cell-phone data cable box the put a MONSTER list of phones IT works with -RRB- So , after 3 days of trying to get the thing to work right . . I took the girls back to the store . . returned the cell-phones and bought ones which play MP3 ring tones , and their cables , Used my Magix Music Maker software to make 20-30 clips of their favorite songs to use as ringtones , used their individual softwares to transfer the clips to the cell phones and ultimately threw the Ringtone maker in the trash .
 I could not tell from the product description that this would not work with my daughers phone . Waste of $ 20 . This product needs to have a very clear description of supported phones on it . You cant tell until you install which then invalidates the returns policy for the software . Very poor.When buying , it was not clear that this was being delivered by another merchant with different return policy . Now the returns process is a pain . I wanted to buy all my Christmas gifts early from Amazon , not some other vendor because I want their return policies . Amazon need to make it much clearer that you are leaving their web site when you do so . Unless you look carefully it all looks like Amazon branded until the package arrives . Amazon should deal with returns when its them that take the money . I have used Amazon and been very happy for years but this has been the first bad experience . Now I 'll think twice about where to buy .
 Terrible product , wasted my money on this and since it is software , ca n't get a refund . Does not recognize that I have a separate dvd reader and burner . I have yet to be able to copy a dvd . Redxpress ' website does not respond , tried to register the product for support , and all I get is `` database busy '' . Busy at 11am , busy at 6pm , busy at 2am ! Do yourself a favor , try another copy product .
 Do n't buy this software - it does n't work and tech support does n't care . Do yourself a favor and find other software .
 Updated
 This program does n't work . Wo n't copy many DVD 's . Customer support is a joke . They appear to care and give you a `` Ticket '' number for your problem . Good luck . I purchased this at CompUSA and will return it immediately . The box label for CopyWare 3 states that it will `` make a perfect backup copy of ANY DVD movie ! '' . I 've yet to see it do that . I 'm going to try DVD Cloner II next . Also , do n't take the advise of anyone at CompUSA . My opinions ...
 Tried to use this product , and when I ran into trouble , the customer service was non-existant . Never got back to me after numerous attempts ; their website links were bad or evasive . Also , it does n't compress the DVDs like some other programs , which I believe it fails to mention anywhere on the box . Anyway 1 Click DVD Copy is a vastly superior program , with an extremely diligent support team .
 Do n't buy this product there is no support what so ever . The say you can get patches and downloads but you ca n't . All this company wants is your money . The product does not work .
 I use a MacBook Pro and Word 2011 . I agree that EndNote is an outstanding referencing tool for anyone who writes professional papers . The ability to cite papers and modify formatting styles -LRB- i.e. AMA , APA -RRB- is an absolute time saver and a must have . However , while I agree with the previous reviews regarding the utility of EndNote , I firmly disagree with the power of EndNote 6.0 . I 've used version 5.0 for several years and upgraded to version 6.0 a few months ago . I am a PhD student and use this program all the time . In comparison to version 5.0 , version 6.0 offers a few nice features that version 5.0 did not have , namely , the pdf viewer . However , there is no comparison to to Apple Preview ; Preview is much better and I tend to use this to review papers rather than EndNote . Other than that , the basic necessities have not changed too much -LRB- automatic search from online databases , categorizing functions , etc -RRB- . The drawback to EndNote 6 -LRB- at least from a Mac user 's standpoint -RRB- , is that it is EXTREMELY clunky . I have had to reboot several times because it locks . It fails to open libraries routinely . It fails to sync with Word routinely and leaves you with the dreaded Apple spinwheel all the time . My best advice is this
 I would love to be able to rate the actual usage of this product , however , since I found out after having purchased the product , that my modem -LRB- and in fact , a great deal of modems -RRB- is not supported by this product . I installed the product with no issues , however , when I try to run it , it locks up my computer and modem . The generic voice messages that come with the software do n't include a generic , `` Hello , No one is available to answer your call ... '' so you have to record your own . Problem is , when it plays back over the telephone , it sounds like it is slowed down to 1/2 speed and is scratchy.The catch all answer to support questions posted on the manufacturers forum seems to be , `` Your modem is not supported . `` I attempted to get a refund , but was stymied by their policy which is same as the store policy , which is the same across the U.S. `` Opened software can only be returned for a like exchange . '' ... I 've attempted to find the modem compatibility list the manufacturer keeps raving about , but have been unable to . The lesson here is , find the product you might buy , check the manufacturer website and try and find the hardware/software compatibility list BEFORE you buy the product.The product may work just fine with a supported modem , but given the general Canadian attitude and customer service I 've received from Communique , I would n't buy another product of theirs.CS
 If I could this product would receive -5 stars . While it seems to install without a hitch , in actuality that is because it does n't recognize your equipment and will not work . The authorized modem list consists of less than 12 modems and only one of those is a PCI modem , needless to say not mine . SO ! It never got up and running , and being opened software it ca n't be returned for a refund . Caveat emptor .
 This software is a bargain at -LSB- its price -RSB- , but you get what you pay for . Upon installation I found that there were several bugs that I had to call tech support about to fix . Once I was able to use the fax aspect of the software , I tried to get the speaker phone to work . I have a voice/fax/data modem , but the only response I could get was that maybe my modem was n't really a voice modem . The fax software works ok , but is extremely slow . It takes about 15 minutes to send 3 pages . I wish I had never tried this software . This company is famous for the canned answer that the modem is not supported . Spend a little more money and get a better product .
 I used to use this software a good bit when I had WinME . The only real problem I had was with the answering machine . NO matter what I did , the recorded voice -LRB- mine , not the pre-recorded included -RRB- sounded as if it was speaking at half-speed . I 've now upgraded to WinXP and I ca n't get it to work . It installs fine , recognizes and initiates my modem , but it wo n't send out a fax , nor will it let me make any settings changes . It acts as if there is no phone line connected.Also , good luck finding any support whatsoever . The original maker Communique , does n't even list this product on their website.Stay far , far away !
 This software epitomises this phrase . I bought this software for its voice capabilities , and loew and behold , it has bugs , and it does not fully support my modem . In fact , it only supports 3 modems PERIOD . I wish I had known this before I gought it . Oh well . Do not make the same mistake .
 I also purchased this software because it was a good price and it seemed to have all of the features I was looking for . However , when I installed in on my computer to use it , it never worked . I am now out the money I paid for the software because you can not return opened software . I believe if the software requires special equiptment it should be listed on the box so that other comsumers do n't waste their money on something that wo n't work with thier hardware . DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE .
 I was very disappointed with this software . However it may be the fault is with my modem although a lite version and trial version came with the modem.The voicemail part of the product does n't work . answer messages cut off before they are complete and the line is disconnected after three or four seconds of starting to leave an answer . In addition the purchased version only gives garbled answering messages.However faxing works perfectly well receive and send . Modem and software technical help have not been able to identify the problem . I am operating with MS Vista Ultimate .
 Looks like this program might be good for a land line phone , but have not figured out how to use it on an internet based phone service like Vontage or Skype .
 I was really excited when I got this product , because I thought in addition to testing it would allow me to use my older scanner that is not supported by Windows XP . So I installed in and then installed Win98 on a Virtual PC . After a lot of screwing around trying to get the thing to work , I found this on an FAQ at the Connectix website : '' ... USB devices that require the installation of their own USB drivers -LRB- Zip disks , scanners , etc. -RRB- are not recognized by Virtual PC . `` Which pretty much makes this product worthless for one of my intended uses . With all the printers , scanners and other devices that connect via USB this seems like a HUGE flaw in their product . If you want USB support , try VMWare Workstation
 This is a good old game that any yugioh lover would like to add to their collection , But it 's NOT worth the price you crooks are charging ! $ 40 - $ 60 dollars are you kidding me !!?? and the Kaiba expansion pack is even worse around $ 70 - $ 100 !!?? Lower the price , cause the game not worth the amount your selling it for !!
 Okay this game sounds like a great game but I dont know because ive never played it before thats why I gave this game one star , and I hope the promos are slifer the sky dragon , Oblesik the tormentor , winged dragon of RA -LRB- These are not the real promos , I dont know what they are SORRY !!!! -RRB-
 This product was not able to make VCDs that could be shown either on my computer or on any DVD player we tried.Taking the advice of another reviewer , I bought MVP -LRB- see my review -RRB- and was able to make a good VCD in about a half-hour . I would not buy this product .
 This is some of the worst software I have ever used , does not recognize CD audio formats , can not convert MP3 's , just very lousy to work with
 I read the other reviews and I thought it was cheap and it seemed to work well . They were wrong . I bought it it would n't work on my computer . It was a piece of junk . I mean I loaded it up and said something and it closed . Never worked I wasted $ ... . No wonder other cd burners cost over $ ... . Because they work this piece of junk was cheap ! Do n't buy it .
 Click ` n Burn Pro worked well when I tried burning data or audio CDs , but it did n't work when trying to burn Video CDs on a Gateway PIII-933MHZ system with 384MB DRAM and a 70Gb hard drive , running Windows ME -LRB- English version -RRB- . None of the five media players installed in my computer nor a stand alone Pioneer DVD player could read the VCDs . I contacted tech support twice , and was told to try downloading another media player -LRB- Choice Caster -RRB- for my computer or try burning CDRW discs to use in my stand alone DVD player . Neither suggestion worked.Recently , I downloaded NTI 's CD Maker 2000 Professional for a free 10-day trial , available at their website . VCDs burnt with NTI 's software is working well in my computer , but not on my stand alone DVD player . B 's Recorder Gold -LRB- Japanese version -RRB- seems to be the only software program that can burn VCDs that work both in my computer and stand alone DVD player . But finding the English version of this program has been a challenge . I know it 's available , but I 'm still trying to find somewhere that sells it.I think Click ` n Burn Pro is a cheap , reliable software program for data and audio recordings . But , why not buy Click ` n Burn Plus instead ? It performs the same functions and is cheaper . For VCD recording , there are definitely much better software available.Ultimately , I think the right CD burning software for you depends on what kind of computer you 're using , what you plan to do with it , and how much time and money you 're willing to spend finding it . Personally , I would n't have bought Click ` n Burn Pro if I knew what I know now ... shoulda , coulda , woulda ... Good luck .
 After reading a number of praise reviews , I put down my hard earned cash for `` Click N Burn PRO '' . After using it to burn several audio CDs I find that I am very disappointed with this product and feel as though I have wasted my money . While it does work and does burn audio CDs , I find that the software that came packaged with the CD burner -LRB- Adaptec `` Easy CD Creator 4 '' -RRB- not only performed better , but it does more and is easier to use . For one thing , `` Easy CD Creator 4 '' comes with integrated software to make CD labels and jewel case inserts . It also has enough templates to allow the use of several different brands of labels . `` Click N Burn '' does not have integrated software to make the labels and inserts . It requires the use of separate software . In addition , generally speaking , the Adaptec software is more user friendly than `` Click N Burn '' . I am going to dump `` Click N Burn '' and stay with Adaptec `` Easy CD Creator 4 '' . If you are looking for something to replace the Adaptec software , do n't bother with `` Click N Burn '' . I consider it a waste of money.I hope this saves someone the disappointment and waste of money and time that I experienced .
 Bought program after reading many reviews . I have the newest of computers . I 'm not a novice . Have had 7 other computers . Program will not recognize my 48 speed cd burner . Called tech support and never was called back . A program that does n't work is usless . Picked up version of roxio . Works fine .
 This program might work for a child who is getting ready for kindergarten , but it is not up to par for a child who is entering first grade . I bought it for my 6 year old to use as a review between kindergarten and first grade . She completed the entire program in one sitting ; I 'd guess it took her less than 1/2 hour . It is NOT kindergarten level by any means . My young 4 year old was able to complete it without much effort , so even with a child a year away from starting kindergarten it was a waste of money .
 I PURCHASE THIS SOFTWARE FOR $ 19 , IT 'S CHEAP I CAN CREATE WEB SITE BUT WHEN PUBLISHING IS THE PROBLEM . THE EXTENSION OF THE FILE IS `` VNU '' , INSTEAD OF HTML , OR ASP . THE BROWSER CAN NOT READ THE EXTENSION `` VNU '' , PLUS THE SUPPORT IS NONE .
 The other reviewer was right on the money . I bought this software , learned how to use it , -LRB- simple enough -RRB- and spent time creating a multi-page site only to discover that it is impossible to publish . I tried publishing it through the links on the software but can not . Of course you discover this only after paying for a site host . Now I have web space and no site to put there . I can build a site using the host supplied software so why did I pay for this ? I ca n't give this any stronger negative feedback , this company are a bunch of thieves !
 This product advertises on the side of the box `` edit web pages . '' But , be warned it does not edit web pages . Instead , all you can do is create these funky vnu files but you can not , I repeat , can not open existing html files and edit them . Complete waste of plastic and the unscrupulous Best Buy who I bought it from wo n't refund my money . Does n't even deserve one star .
 Like a previous review states , this was created by CoffeeCup Software . Unfortunately , this Cosmi-labeled version does n't offer any updates/upgrades unlike the real deal -LRB- VisualSite Designer -RRB- sold by CoffeeCup . Between the two , you 're better off buying the version that has already made great changes and continues to do so .
 This software is not intuitive and comes with no support documentation to help you -LRB- other than the `` help '' within the program itself -RRB- . If you have some experience using this sort of software , you can find ways to make it work . However , this software would NOT work with the FTP for my web hosting provider -LRB- a large , major hosting company -RRB- . Cosmi 's support page readily admits that it does n't work with all FTP servers , and you may have to download a separate program so that you can upload your web site files . NOT cool , and a big headache . Yes , this is cheap , but if you are doing anything important on the web and need the ease of FTP that works , spend some extra money and get something reliable and reputable .
 UPDATE ----------------------------------------------------------- The Apple issued service packs have essentially eliminated all of the problems with Leopard . While I am disappointed that there were so many bugs at the time of release , Apple seems to have the worst of it behind them . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I have been a big Mac fan -LRB- not to be confused with the hamburger -RRB- for nearly a year . All Apple products have run smooth and installation has been effortless ... . and then along comes Leopard . I am very surprised at the number of positive reviews after my recent experiences ... my highlights and low-lights after 4 days . - Internet connectivity - I am `` dropped '' offline on regular occurrences . At first I thought it was our modem/router until I reset both of them only to still be offline . The only thing that worked ... restarting my Mac . Maybe it is a coincidence but the this began happening the day I loaded Leopard . - Memory HOG ! I am not sure where it * went * but I now have an additional 20 gigs of hard-drive that is being occupied ! - Not so plug-and-play . I have a Logitech Harmony al-in-one remote ... it works with all previous versions of Mac o/s ... but it will not recognize leopard during the set-up . I wonder how many other devices will have this problem ? - Random freezing . Seriously , this is why we dumped our PC ! We were looking for a more stable operating system . I would n't compare it to the nightmare that is known as Vista ... but Windows XP has an edge over Leopard . - The added features are nice - Time Machine makes backing up a cinch ... . but is it worth it ? You also get a much clearer picture when you Ichat ... too bad the internet connectivity problems reduce our ability to Ichat.As a whole ... I would like to remove Leopard and wait until a service pack comes out to reinstall it . My recommendation - Hold-off .
 No really . Do yourself a favor and search for `` airport extreme slow since leopard '' . Its been out for quite some time and apple has not addressed this issue yet . If you can find thousands of reports of an error on the web , you can be sure many more people have the issue . So , I suggest waiting till Apple addresses -LRB- or even acknowledges -RRB- the issue . Oh , and your stability goes down as well . Get used to seeing that spinning pinwheel . Actually , its starting to remind me of my last Windows machine .
 This OS has turned a 100 % reliable machine into a piece of junk . After installing my machine has had a problem with not staying in sleep mode . A few minutes after entering sleep mode the fan goes into high gear and it wo n't respond to anything other than holding down the power switch to turn it off . I have contacted Apple a number of times and it is still not fixed . One of the times they had me reinstall the OS wiping out my account and settings . It was better for a while but the sleep problem has returned . My reccomendation is wait until they really have it working .
 First of all I thank Amazon for accepting my return of Leopard . It was available for pre-sale before the Min . Sys. . Req . were available and I could n't install it.I switched from Windows in 2002 soon after Jaguar when everyone else I knew thought Mac 's were a piece of junk . I 've been delighted with every OS from Apple until now . That said my disappointment in Leopard is as follows : Does n't install on systems under 867MHZ . That 's not a technical barrier , but a marketing decision . So much for Apple 's statement to support Power PC 's . Spotlight did n't find everything in the search field anymore . It was amazing under Tiger.I could n't send POP mail anymore , I had to use HTML on the web . There was no problem under Tiger - I created the POP account in Mac Mail and entered the server names , without troubles afterward.There 's no real need to get Leopard other than the new parental controls , which I thought were pretty good for keeping an eye your teenager . It tracks everything they do !
 Like a fool I bought leopard as soon as it came out and installed it on my 24 '' iMac that I use for work . The first install crashed and wiped out my system , so much for an archive and install . Had to do a fresh install.Fresh install went well , reinstalled my apps and started using the computer . Things seemed okay till I finished a video in F/C and wanted to make a DVD out of it . The system would not recognize any blank dvds -LRB- though tiger never had a problem -RRB- . Called Apple support , they had me wipe and reinstall and try burning a disc before I installed any apps . Same thing would not work . Since I use this machine for my video work , I had to reinstall tiger which works perfectly.I am waiting till the middle of next year then I will reinstall leopard and patches and see how it goes .
 I also have had many of the problems since installation as the rest here . Productivity has dropped for me with the shiny graphics.The e mail templates are cool but I wish it would give you the option of creating your own.Time Machine is neat and I have used it often but for the reason that I have to constantly go back to retrieve a file that has been damaged or lost mysteriously.Installation was a week long nightmare when the installer stopped halfway because of a bad line of code . The whole hard drive had to be reformatted and it would n't get the complete saved files from the backup disk . So for a week I was hunting down missing files from back up . My suggestion is Leopard 's release is a beta release and should be passed on until it becomes debugged and more stable.Russell
 It 's premature to judge the value of many of 10.5 's new features . I 'm pleased with the improvements to Mail , iCal , and iChat . There are , however , some serious problems that should give a buyer pause . Apple has changed the Finder menus so that they are translucent . The lettering is no longer black-on-white unless you choose white as your wallpaper , which is hardly pleasing . I 've compromised by choosing a solid light blue , but for the sake of efficiency and clarity nice designs and pictures are out . There is no corrective for the translucent pull-down menu
 I could n't rename my pre-Leopard files and ca n't delete a pre-Leopard file without typing my password each time . I 'm typing this while waiting about one half hour for help from India where Apple now seems to be going for it 's help-desk . I 've been passed off to three people and am now waiting for the 4th . The system reaction time seems slower than Tiger despite the promotional literature . I should have passed on Leopard .
 I pre-ordered Leopard and received it on its release day . It does have some bugs.It does not recognize my music keyboard , it does not let me edit contacts in my address book , and for sure it has other bugs I did not yet discover.I 'm a `` converted '' guy , so I am totally in love with my MacBook Pro but I must say that overall I 'm disappointed in this Mac OSx.I had to buy a USB enclosure -LRB- $ 29.99 -RRB- , put a hard drive in it -LRB- I already had it -RRB- , and re-install the Tiger 0.4.10 OSx -LRB- the previous version -RRB- to have it recognize my music keyboard and eventually edit my contacts.To those considering buying it I say `` wait until the 11.0 version is released , by then most of the bugs should be resolved .
 Bought OS X Leopard and installed it on three machines . What did I get , besides some time installing software ? Bugs.I 'm not impressed with any of the new features of Leopard . While a geek told me that I should realize a big improvement in speed and some wonderful new features , I did n't get any speed increase on my two MacBooks and I noticed a minor decreased in my MacBook Pro -LRB- though this is an odd duck with a dual core chip , but not a core duo -RRB- . As for the features , there is nothing I could n't live without . My network attached storage -LRB- I have a shared hard disk on a Apple Airport Extreme -RRB- is much more difficult to access , no longer showing up on my desktop . One machine wo n't log onto it at all . The other two do but you have to go hunting to find the disk.The new dock , the translucent menu items and all of that are nothing worth $ 129 . Leopard 's synch utility also crashes when I attach my iPhone . Yeah , I 'm one of those guys who loves Apple stuff but this one is a dog . Save your money and wait for an update with fewer bugs .
 It is very important for people to be objective and unbiased when reviewing a product . I 'm partly saying this to myself because my experience with leopard is not exactly pleasant.I bought my Macbook pro with Tiger on it and it was truly amazing , and had Leopard be the OS that came installed on it I would be blown away by it , too . Half a year later I was forced to upgrade to Leopard only because now I needed Bootcamp and Apple has decided to take Bootcamp off their website thus forcing their users to spend the money and upgrade . Fortunately bootcamp installed and runs fine so I guess the hundred so bucks spent were justified , to the least.The installation was straight forward enough except I also made the mistake to have the disc verified , and just like many people writing the review that wasted a good 45 minutes , but besides that everything was smooth for me . I 'm glad the installer did not reformat my drive on accident or corrupted any of the programs that I use daily.As far as functionality goes since I do n't use any of the new programs provided , all the features apple marketing is trying to shove down my throat -LRB- which I bought -RRB- were not being used anyway . DVD player , Safari , i Tune , iPhoto , what not , were all already available on Tiger with the only noticible difference being that the pictures , documents and movies files are now shown with a preview of them instead of just the file icon.I hate how Leopard tries to integrate . Mac into the system , by first having a dedicated installer page to it , then put it in my Preference AND having an extra icon below my Macintosh HD . If I spent money and bought a software , I 'd like to have full control over what I want installed and what I want gone.Besides loosing my wireless connectivity and not able to wake up the computer occasionally , when I close the lid and then open it up , Leopard to me feels really similar to Tiger , except with some little bugs . Therefore from a consumer 's point of view I just spent $ 100 some dollars on bootcamp , an hour and a half of my time , some bugs , . Mac , and the ability to preview graphical files with their icons -- hence the 2 star.Is it a bad product ? In my opinion definitely not , and I should apologize to the developers . But because of a business decision Apple and OS X did a disservice to me this time , which I will definitely keep in mind when I check out Mac products next time . Some folks say Vista 's biggest enemy is XP and I think the same analogy applies here , that Leopard 's biggest enemy is Tiger . If bootcamp were made available again , I would go back to Tiger in no time .
 Basically beware . You WILL have to do a complete clean install . Once you do so , many applications that formally worked fine , will no longer . Some will not even work with the new system . Many apps will need to you re-install , others will ask you again for serial numbers and activations . Make sure you have all those numbers handy . Sorry for those who have `` borrowed '' applications , chances are , you 'll never be able to use them again.I had gotten Leopard as a door prize at a motion graphics event . It took me a year to have a free weekend where I thought why not . Why not turned into about three weeks of trouble-shooting , borrowing wired keyboards from work and having to turn down freelance projects because I had to re-install apps , re-install the plug ins and even at this point there are two 3D applications I use that I now have to pay for the upgrade on in order to use them.In the end , not only was n't it worth it to upgrade , but the bells and whistles are more of a gimmick than something that would help me in my daily workflow . Time Machine became so annoying I turned it off , yeah great , it 's there , but it eats up all the space on your external drives until you chose to delete older saves . Spaces ? Why ? Full screen iChat ? I do n't like to talk on the phone let alone see someone on my screen and have them see me , yuck . So in a word , yuck !
 Loaded fine for others here and there but I should 've waited
 Leopard , Apples new operating system for the Mac platform is a terrible waste of time and money unless you own an Intel Mac . On a G5 desktop it is full of bugs and crashes constantly . Worst product ever from Apple . Do not buy this if your Mac is not Intel . My machine is now in shambles and Apple 's tech support is terrible . Buyer beware !!
 Dont even think about the shift till there is a faster more stable and more COMPATIBLE -LRB- for pro audio applications and drivers -RRB- is available ...
 I switched to Mac 6 years ago , and have convinced others to do the same , But over time I 've begun to feel that this OS was designed by people who grew up playing video games , not working . The basic problem is the lack of one simple screen that summarizes everything that is open , and easy navigation up and down the heiracarchy . I know that hip folks smirk at such quaint things as directory structures , but like it or not , even on an MAC , the files are placed on a directory structure . But rather than admit that , the philosphy seems to be throw the files anywhere , and then use spotlight to find them later on . Incredibly inefficient , I also noticed that every action seems to require 5 or six mouse clicks which just slows me down . I am running windows on my MACbook , using VMware , -LRB- a great program by the way -RRB- , and I 'm truly impressed with how much easier navigation is on Windows -LRB- yes I 've said it -RRB- . Every application opened creates a small summary box at the bottom of the screen , with more than enough information as to the app and the document . Navigating is as easy as clicking on the summary box , and bam you 're there . In the application , each new document similarly is summarized . So in one location , all the open apps are listed at the bottom of the open document . Moving between is as easy as click on that box , with more than enough information to know what the document is . Compare that to MAC . Leave your application , slide your cursor to a corner , and get a riot of open boxes , none of which provide enough information to see what it is -LRB- particularly on a laptop screen -RRB- . . You can then go window by window , but even rolling over a window does n't tell you what application your working in . So you can then randomly click on each window , look at it , figure out if it 's what you want and then move the cursor back to the corner , get the same group of windows , and try your luck with the next one . If you have 12 windows open -LRB- which I frequently do , you can waste 10 minutes just trying to get where you need to go . Same thing with saving files . In Windows , as you 're about to save , you can instantly get a diagram of the entire directory structure , to be certain that the file is going EXACTLY where you want it to go , . If not you can move up or down , one level at a time , and quickly put the saved document in a different location . On OS X , as you go to save it will show you a location , with absolutely no indication where the location is or how to get there again . If you want to be sure where it is , or change a location requires going to the root device , clicking the sub , clicking the sub , clicking the sub , until you end up perhaps one level above where you started . 4 or 5 clicks to do what in windows took zero to 1 . Add this up all day long and you 're wasting hours of time . Overall it 's a nightmare , and I 've been searching for a decent 3rd party software that could create what I would call , in APPLESPEAK , a windows like `` Cockpit '' . One screen that neatly summarizes everything that is open , with decipherable information that I can just move my mouse to and get there , with 1 click , not 5 , not requiring 3 utilities -LRB- spotlight , smart folder , stacks -RRB- , and 3 different interfaces -LRB- docks , sidebar , recent view -RRB- . Spreading this stuff all over the map instead of uniformly available in one location is truly absurd , and all the WOW factor in the world does n't change this . So if anyone knows an application that will allow me to make this OS X more organized and `` Windows-Like '' , I would be most grateful . Short of that I may be forced to increasingly run Windows on my MAC and ditch OS X entirely , as crazy as that seems .
 This Operating System is a sad attempt at keeping the reigns around Apple consumers . The product does not support hardware more than ONE year old , uses a massive amount of resources and the customer support is extremely rude and bureaucratic . The program itself , if you can get it running , is no different than any other proprietary Apple product on the market . Buyer Beware !
 The installation blue screened for me . As Apple suggested , I deleted ApplicationEnhancer.bundle in single-user mode and it still blue screened . Apple claims page 7 of the documentation that came with the Leopard DVD gives an alternate method of installing but that 's not what 's on page 7 of my documentation . It just does n't work . Fortunately , I have a CopyCatX backup of the previous operating system that I can restore .
 I received a corrupted disc from you . The package was sealed around the edges only . I had multiple problems with it and finally I called apple care and they told me it was corrupted . I did get a new one , but I will not order computer items from you again.Maggie
 There is something really exciting about getting your computer on the cutting edge with new software ... but leopard was a big disappointment ... for starters , it took forever to download , and even though I had no problems with it at all , it just took soooo looooong ! To top it off , it did not even come with some of the basic stuff , like
 The necessity for this product on 4 + year old MACs seems to be Bill Gates ' retirement parting shot to Steve Jobsand all Apple users . Just after Gates announced his retirement , my MAC -LRB- and that of several of my friends -RRB- could no longer do what it had been doing for years -LRB- get Hotmail , attach and forward data , etc. -RRB- , and told us to `` upgrade your browser '' . So , we drove 50 miles to the nearest Apple Store , which told us to go to Best Buy or Amazon -LRB- to buy a product that says , `` made at Apple in California '' on its box cover -RRB- . Then , the installation instructions were generic , so we had to hire a consultant to install it on the different models ... Now I fully understand why Gates and Jobs get to retire long before me -- the next time Apple and Microsoft pull this scam , I 'm cutting everyone out of my life who ca n't remember how to use snail mail -- -LRB- Mac OS X Version 10.5.4 Leopard -RRB-
 I am a systems programmer interested in human factors and usability . For that reason , I very strongly dislike Microsoft Windows , etc. . Years ago , based on that dislike , I purchased a Mac G5 2.0 GHz swearing to Mac and never look back.I only lasted six months on the Mac as it was even worse than the PC . Currently , I have been forced to use a Mac exclusively for the past few months so I upgraded to OS-X Leopard hoping that things would be better?They are not . Apple had that snob-oriented `` Think Different '' ad campaign almost ten years ago . Not `` better '' but `` different '' . Almost entirely unusable if you are in the least bit discerning .1 -RRB- Installation was reasonably painless2 -RRB- Crashes , etc. . Had to upgrade from 512MB to 1GB .3 -RRB- Crashes , apparent memory leaks ? Had to upgrade from 1GB to 2GB .4 -RRB- Absolutely no accessibility for people with epilepsy . Blinking cursor can not be disabled . Stupid -LRB- `` Think Different '' -RRB- rotating colored disk that comes up at the most inopportune moments . -LRB- this is epileptogenic for some people -RRB- . Stupid rippling progress bars -LRB- `` Think Different '' , again . Unfortunately Microsoft has gone to this abomination , too . This , again , is epileptogenic -RRB- 5 -RRB- Worthless help and documentation -LRB- even worse than Microsoft -RRB- 6 -RRB- Apple applications are generally junk . Preview is worthless but you are basically stuck with it .7 -RRB- Idiot bouncing dock icons that DEMAND attention . Again , epileptogenic8 -RRB- File management is a PAIN . `` My kingdom for ` cut and paste ' `` 9 -RRB- Totally idiot -LRB- `` Think Different '' , as usual -RRB- implementation of `` invalid password '' when switching users . The whole display frame vibrates , so to speak . I have seizures every time this happens .10 -RRB- Boot times take about -LRB- at least -RRB- twice as long now . Before , Leopard , we would turn off the computer . Now , we ca n't as it takes too long to reboot . When switching back and forth between our two accounts , in mine , the mouse speed is always hyperfast when I log in . That I do n't understand . Once I open an application it reverts to the speed I set in preferences .11 -RRB- As far as crashes , i 've lost count . -LRB- this is a simple installation with nothing unusual , btw -RRB- . OS-X is so unfriendly , unusable , undocumented that , to me , it is worthless . I would throw this Mac away if it were mine . -LRB- I made a mistake of having my ex-girlfriend get a Mac as I thought it would be easier for her to use then a PC . BIG MISTAKE -RRB- . I do n't use computers because I like jerking off with them ; I use them to get work done on them . Apples are for snobs , not people.Comments :1 -RRB- Microsoft is trying to out-apple this lemon operating system and Vista is totally inaccessible to people with epilepsy , too . If you have photosensitive / pattern sensitive epilepsy you had better stock up on XP computers .2 -RRB- If I had to chose between the Microsoft Vista juggernaut and this Apple Leopard lemon , I would chuck both computers . Hence staying with XP 'til death do us part . -LRB- XP is fairly inaccessible , too , but at least you can disable the blinking caret . I notice that any newer , Vista compatible application that also runs on XP , is generally inaccessible . The trend seems to use indeterminate progress bars -LRB- the ones with the group of squares rapidly cycling across the progress bar or the one -LRB- used by Norton Internet Security -RRB- that ... Both of those cause very unpleasant seizures . I ca n't tolerate this Apple blinking cursor as I have trouble so enough
 I updated to Leopard yesterday . I 've bought every update since I purchased this Mac and have never had trouble after installing.Well , today I ca n't open my older -LRB- freebie -RRB- version of iPhoto , which has worked perfectly for years , and I ca n't open word processing documents that were n't originally created in MS Word - in other words , all my Appleworks archives are inaccessible !!!! that 's years of work . I 've contacted Microsoft.In addition , when I went to print a receipt from an internet purchase , I had to reinstall my HP laserjet driver . When I tried to retrieve my MYOB accounting files the computer could n't find them and I had to manually click through all the possibilities until I found the file myself.This is infuriating . It 's like a blast from the past when OS updates were always full of headaches . Or worse , it 's like being a Windows user.Time machine does not compress files automatically in order to back them up , like Retrospect -LRB- the old standby -RRB- does , so that means if you want to back up , you need an external hard drive with at least as much space as your internal disk . I 've been able to back up my system for years ... now I have to buy a new external hard drive . You can compress files manually , one by one . Who has that kind of time?Looks like I 'll have to buy the new iLife too , if I want iPhoto to work . So , it 's adding up to a lot more than I figured.So , the bells and whistles ... maybe they 'll be worth it , maybe not .
 To many problems to give details . Just WAIT until a few upgrades are released . Not worth my time or $ $ $ ! The extras do n't really make a difference as well as cause multiple problems - just more bell 's and whistles.Took me a total of 15 hours talking/on hold with Apple to have a working system again .
 This is by far the worst upgrade yet . I bought the most recent 10.5.4 and installed it a few days ago on my G5 . It installed fine , including the X-tools . After having almost 10 years of rock solid performance from OS9 , Panther , and Tiger this has been nothing but a nightmare . My G5 , now with Leopard , randomly and continually crashes with Safari , Mail , iPhoto , and as well as many other programs . Even the disk utility First Aid hangs the computer . In two days now it has crashed probably twenty times . The force quit will not terminate hung programs and the computer has to be restarted with the power button . I have Disk Warrior on order to try to fix things but right now I 'm seriously considering deinstalling this crap and going back to the stable Tiger . Fortunately , I have a G4 with Tiger that runs , with the same software , without problems . After being an ardent Mac supporter for many years It is very disappointing to see Apple come out with software like this .
 Apple Mac OS X Version 10.5 Leopard caused more problems than it solved . I could n't put it on my laptop -LRB- an old 400Mhz Powerbook -RRB- and my dual 1Ghz G4 's performance was considerably reduced while running in 10.5 . My FinalCut 1.1 would n't run in 10.5 and and upgrade to FC-4 wo n't work on a sub 1.25 Ghz machine . The 10.5 FontBook made sure my InDesign and Photoshop CS2 could n't read my fonts , a problem that will continue in CS3 . So unless I want to pony-up $ 5K on new software and hardware , 10.5 is counterproductive . I 've already retrograded back to a previous rev -LRB- 10.3 which is rock solid and running fine . -RRB- My 10.5 is headed for craigslist where maybe someone else can use it and I can recoup some of my loss . The moral of the story
 ` Buyer Beware ' is an old adage that I should have paid attention . I have a Mac G4 , when I tried to install Leopard on my computer it told me I needed a G5 . When I talked with a computer expert , he informed me it was almost cheaper to buy a G5 than try to upgrade my G4 . I had already opened and intended to use Version 10.5.4 . which allows me only a partial refund . I wish someplace it would have stated ` this system needs G5 or better ' . That would have saved me lots of grief .
 Unless you have a pressing need for a `` big brother '' backup system , this is a waste of money.But you do get a really great cheap 1950 's purple B-movie type logon screen.Contrary to reports Spotlight searching has not been improved.Cover flow is good for impressing your non-Mac buddies , but not much good for anything else . The same can be said for the reflective dock and spewing folders there in . There are some nice features BUT not worth the money.Also , you might want to wait for the NEXT generation of ILIFE ; the EVENTS `` feature '' of iPhoto is a brainless slug which arbitrary locks your pictures into categories by date . Unfortunately there appears to be no way to control , or turn off this marvelous feature . There also appears to be some serious issues with iMovie , although the reviewers , knowing whence their mana flows , have glossed over them as `` improvements '' . Bottom line is there are a number of changes , but not necessarily for the better.Unfortunately my money 's spent , but you can still save yours .
 It is not possible to install Leopard on the Mac Pro without erasing the hard disk . Leopard obviously was not fully tested and debugged before it was marketed .
 I purchased this software `` upgrade '' on an impulse , because I happened to be in a local computer store on the evening when it was introduced . It was a huge mistake ! My problems started that night , when I encountered the now infamous `` blue screen . `` Fortunately , I have a local Apple Store within a short driving distance from my home . Otherwise , I would have been in serious trouble . While the online documentation is much better than the totally inadequate instructions that are in the package , it still is not adequate.Once I had the OS running , I found that much of my other software was not working . Thunderbird , in particular , required a few separate totally new installations before I got it working acceptably . -LRB- It is still quite buggy . -RRB- Google Earth also needed to be totally reinstalled from scratch . There are a few other programs that I do n't use as much which may also need to eventually be reinstalled.With regard to the OS itself , I have not yet had a chance to really experiment with any of the new features . I do passionately agree with several other critics who have stated that the translucent menus are a serious problem . On the whole , my best advise is to wait before buying or installing this software .
 If you have a G4 Powerbook with third party memory this OS wo n't install . Just another way the big guys work you over.They make you pay three times as much for memory from them . I do n't know how the OS is because it wo n't install . I guess you could say it sucks .
 Like those who know about major upgrades , we waited until now to purchase the Leopard upgrade.Leopard installed easily on our six-month-old iMac , then downloaded a large collection of updates that we hoped would resolve the problems associated with the initial release.We have been happy with the interface improvements and the improved parental controls.We still found the release to be buggy . Profile details , like backgrounds and account photos changed randomly , and we now experience application hangs on a frequent basis . Occasionally we experience an entire system hang . Prior to installing Leopard , we had never experienced an application or system hang.The parental controls are better , but the attempt to block porn sites is half-hearted at best and not particularly reliable . Most alarming was the fact that installing Leopard completely removed the parental controls we had originally had in place for our 8-year old.We continue to apply updates as they are released , and are hopeful that these bugs will be resolved.Overall , we are disappointed that we had to pay so much for an upgrade that caused us -LRB- and so many others -RRB- problems . I wish we had waited until Leopard 's stability improved .
 Its not stableIts not fasterIts not anymore usefulHowever , it was cheap and its probably always good to have the latest code that would be the only reason I see to upgrade .
 Hello , My G5 with Tiger worked perfectly for years.I saw an ad for the Leopard Upgrade , installed it on my computer and the computer began crashing every 12 - 15 minutes which it had never done before . Also I got a huge surprise - none of my Adobe software is now working.So I called apple and they recommended the following : Add RAMAdd a New Hard driveNew Video CardNew Adobe SoftwareUpgrade from FCP 4.5 to FCP Studio 2Do a clean install on the new hard drive , then install all new software.So here I am $ 3,000 dollars later and my mac is basically useless . This Leopard 10.5.2 is crashing every 10 minutes . There is an apparent conflict between flash/fcp/quicktime and leopard.You know that commercial running on American Idol - where the Vista users are doing yoga and pulling their hair out ? Mac is lucky that ad company sold them that ad before they sold it to Vista , because that ad well defines my leopard experience.Of course if you call the apple they will tell you `` its your hardware '' `` Leopard has been the smoothest rollout in computer history ! '' etc. . What they cant explain however is why ppl who gave up on leopard who reinstalled tiger , cease to have a problem . Hmmm ... . Perhaps the real reason Apple skipped NAB this year -- after having a HUGE presence there every year for the past decade -- is so they did not have to deal with ppl demanding a fix for this so called upgrade . If I were Steve Jobs I 'd run for cover too !! Before purchasing this software please google the phrase `` How Can I Fix Leopard ? '' and/or `` Leopard Crash '' and see the 150 + blogs devoted to this very topic.If your mac and software are running OK do yourself a major favor and pass on this product.And no , I do n't work for any PC company .
 Despite a recent patch , OS X Leopard 10.5.1 has serious issues that require Apple 's attention before consumers buy the product.Cons : -- Installed on my 2.16 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo with 2 GB of RAM , Leopard boot times are more than twice as long as Tiger 's . -- Time Machine , combined with a . Mac account , generates huge , runaway caches of personal iDisks if . Mac Sync is turned on . Time Machine created a 108-GB cached copy of my nearly empty 30GB iDisk in a hidden area of my hard drive . In some cases , Time Machine creates an iDisk cache that 's sized to equal the entire used space of one 's main hard drive . In online forums numerous consumers report having suffered dangerous losses of hard-disk space . The only way for them to find and confirm the location of the lost gigabytes was to run cryptic Unix commands in Terminal . -- Even with . Mac Sync turned off , Time Machine does n't back up all documents and apps for all users of a computer . What data is being skipped and why ? Time Machine does n't say . It also has difficulty working with the Windows/Boot Camp partition of my hard drive . Should a good Mac backup program really be unable to backup Boot Camp ? -- A key new feature of the OS , Back To My Mac , does n't work for many users of third-party routers , even with update to version 10.5.1 . -- The firewall suffers a significant downgrade , with lowered default security , less configurability , and little documentation . Connecting to other people 's Macs is easy -- disconcertingly so , and lacking in documented security options to deter unwanted visitors without hobbling oneself . -- iChat still does n't support Yahoo or MSN , and without that support , it 's just a souped-up AIM client.Pros : -- Minor improvements to Mail , iCal , Dashboard , Safari , Boot Camp , and the Dock . Of these applications , the feature I was most hoping for -- topical mail tags similar to those found in Thunderbird and Gmail -- are still absent without a third-party plug-in . -- Spaces is the simplest , most elegant and enticing virtual-desktop manager that I have ever seen.Until its speed returns to that of Tiger and until serious bugs are worked out , Leopard deserves approximately the same consideration as Windows Vista
 I have used PCs forever , that is until about 8 months ago . I bought a Macbook running Tiger and a new Laptop PC w / Vista at the same time . I became familiar with the Macbook pretty quickly , and actually found myself using it over the PC 90 % of the time . Then I upgraded to the latest OS of Leopard and have been using it since the end of October . I have been gradually going back to the PC more and more as Leopard is really more complicated than I expected . I 'm considering going back to Tiger but I have sunk so much money and time installing the new OS in the Macbook I think I will just wait until they fix a few of the problems and go back to the PC for a while . If you have to choose between Vista and Tiger ... Go with Tiger , but if it 's a choice between Vista and Leopard ... Go with Vista until some of the gripes in Leopard are fixed . IMHO . If you want to know what those gripes are , just do a Google search on Leopard and grab a cup of coffee ... your in for a long read . Sure there are those `` Mac people '' who will defend the OS , but there are fewer than you would expect . Even Mac loyal sites are posting tons of complaints instead of praise . To me , being familiar with both PC and Mac it is obvious that Apple is trying to be more like a PC . It 's a shame because that 's why I liked Tiger ... It was n't Microsoft . Oh Well . Bill Gates wins , we all lose .
 Beware if you have an older mac . The installer does n't work well with older macs . I work with Windows and UNIX and I found the installer of this product to be extremely poorly designed . I have 20 + years of system administration experience and found this to be the worst upgrade I 've went through in the last 5 years . We tried to update a G4 that was running 10.3.x . After cleaning up the disk enough to install the Leopard the install failed . We could not come back up on 10.3 since the install had wiped out the 10.3 install . We could not re-install 10.5 since 10.5 had installed enough of 10.5 to make the installer think there was not enough disk space . I had to boot the system into single user mode and manually remove enough of the 10.5 installation so the installer would try the re-install . I had to do this re-install thing 5 times and still no luck . Apple support was useless and told us we had a bad DVD . I did a google search on our problem and found a blog from someone who had the same problem with the installer and fixed it by removing RAM from the system so that there was no more than 512 MB of ram in the system . I removed the extra ram and the system installed the first time . Everything than seemed to work well and I thought everything was fine.Little did I know that when I tried to update the system to 10.5.2 that the system would become completely useless . The update to 10.5.2 downloaded and installed but at the last step it failed . The system would n't boot , did n't have enough disk space to re-install 10.5.1 , could n't boot into single user mode so the only choice was to wipe the disk and do a fresh install.If you want to risk this upgrade backup all of your data . Better yet , get a second hard drive and install 10.5 on the second hard drive and keep your options open to boot up on the old system . Do a google search on Leopard and G4 problems.I do n't think Apple has any bragging rights about Leopard being easier to use than Vista .
 This release was disappointing . I 've owned Macintosh products for more than 20 years and this was the most difficult to install and troubleshoot . Not all the features really work and the ones that do are not really worth the cost or my time . DVD player is not supported and no longer works . I had to download a freeware player to view DVDs on my computer.iPhoto is no longer supported and i have no idea how to remedy that situation . I should n't have to pay an added cost for iLife to manage my stuff . What a huge let down from Apple . Fortunately i kept a previous version of OS X on a different hard drive so i can reboot to a system i can actually use .
 This OS is nice and well enough designed for Intel processor machines , but for `` Power-PC '' processor Macs , it 's a disaster . I have one of the last of the G5 iMacs -LRB- 20 '' -RRB- and it never crashed at all with Mac OS 10.4 . But with 10.5 , IT WILL CRASH EVERY TIME I use iTunes . Sometimes it crashes when I 'm using iTunes , and sometimes it will crash after I use that program and quit the application . It does n't seem to matter what I do . And yes , this is a legal , registered version of the OS . I have reinstalled it twice with no effect . Apple has some serious work to do to make this latest OS viable for their not-too-distant machines . Until they figure it out , users should avoid this OS.Thanks for reading,-CL
 Leopard is not worth the money , i.e. the latest update -LRB- 10.5.2 -RRB- causes me all sorts of trouble , i.e. my iMac slows down after 5 minutes or when I open more than 2 applications and it freezes after 10 minutes or when I open the 3rd application . All things , that you know and could have from Windows for half the money .
 I installed this in November . I have had nothing but trouble , including a trip to the `` Genius Bar '' at my local Apple store . They had to totally replace my hard drive as they could n't fix what was working just fine before the upgrade . I agree with all who say , `` DO N'T DO IT !!! '' Maybe new computers that come with it deal with it better , but upgrading is a joke on all of us . I 'm going back to Tiger just as soon as I have a day to figure it out .
 Good stuff ? Networking is easier and works better.That 's it.I `` upgraded '' to this fiasco of an operating system on my PowerBook G4 with 1G RAM and 1.67 ghz G4 processor , WELL within the confines of the recommended system configuration.This update is flakey , requires a restart for every little system update I 've installed so far , will NOT allow me to save `` collated '' as an option in MS Word -LRB- one of the many known bugs that are NOT worked out yet -RRB- . I can no longer drag external discs to the trash half the time -LRB- even when I 've quit all applications and closed all files -RRB- . I have crashed more in the few weeks that I 've been using OS 10.5 than the ENTIRE TIME I 've used every other version of Mac OS X PUT TOGETHER . A big reason people like Macs is because they are more bug-free and easier to use than Windows , and work better . This update levels the playing field in a way I doubt Apple would like.Please ... Apple ... get on the stick and fix this update.Update
 I installed Leopard on my intel Mac Book and noticed immediate problems . Apps were not closing even after force quitting , the machine did not shut down , at all . After downloading and installing the first update the desktop stopped working entirely . It is currently at the Mac store and I was told the problems were not hardware related . They are attempting an erase install to see if it will work . Thank goodness I archived everything before installing , otherwise an entire novel that I have written would be gone . Overall , the most frustrating experience I 've ever had with a computer . I wish I had just stayed with Tiger .
 The Leopard installation has caused a number of problems with my I-Mac . I was running OS X 5.39 and upgraded to OS X 5.2 -LRB- Leopard -RRB- . After running Leopard for a few days , we had a power failure and I had to reboot the machine . One of the applications that was rebooting was Skype , which always opened as part of the reboot . The automatic reboot of Skype disabled the reboot of the operating system and none of my applications would work . Thank heavens for backup ! Now my Epson 4180 scanner wo n't operate . Apple tells me this is an Epson problem . Probably is , but you would think that Apple would write an operating system that would support stuff , not blow you off when you try to get things running . If you are going to install Leopard , backup all your data and expect problems ! Good luck >
 I thought my laptop would run better ... boy was I wrong . The new operating system has made my computer slow . I have a 17 '' macbook pro 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo with 4 GB of 667 MHz DDR2 SDRAM . I 'm going to try a clean install instead of the upgrade . As of now . This new system has really slowed my computer down . It also takes forever to boot back up . I 'm going to make an appointment at the apple customer service center near me to see what 's up .
 Excited as everyone else to take advantage of Time Machine and other features , I purchased Leopard on the first day . I am now preparing to return it , as it has 2 fatal flaws on my G4 titanium powerbook . One
 I was an early adopter of just about every other previous Mac operating version with no problems . With Leopard , I loaded the program into my older G4 dual processor 1.2 Ghz , 1 gigabite of ram and the machine slowed to a stuttering halt.I followed the uninstall directions figuring that I had done some faupaux that Leopard did not like and found that when I did a clean reinstall the same problem persisted . My take is that you better have an operating system a lot more robust with plenty of ram to take advantage of this software.Okay , I really have been looking at a new iMac ... Bill Wise CPP
 Product should not have been released yet ! Do n't try it with a G4 ! To many problems that even Apple has no answers for .
 As a new Mac convert -LRB- 1 year on a MacBook -RRB- I was actually eagerly looking forward to Leopard largely for Time Machine - to easily and simply manage backups for our family 's 4 Macs.Sadly , Apple stripped out the most important network backup functionality from Time Machine just before retail release and further ... I -LRB- and frankly many others -RRB- have found curious disk compatibility issues with Leopard and Time Machine that are reproducible and worrisome . I have several USB disks that I attempted to use with Time Machine -LRB- even after extensive reading of Apple 's support forums -RRB- that are corrupted and unusable after the attempt to use with Time Machine.I remain unsuccessful in getting Time Machine to reliably work.The other features of Leopard are nice , but few are really compelling other than Time Machine.I would wait as Apple should have done . . until this product is really ready for end users .
 This OS really needs a lot of memory . Make sure that you have enough . I did n't , and had to spend another $ 150 to upgrade . This also makes my computer run a lot HOTTER , which will no doubt result in a shorter lifespan of the machine.There are a few bugs , which they have n't seemed to work out yet . I 've had problems with crashing . Also plan on SEVERAL HOURS to load OS 10.5 , and several more to make adjustments and reset all of your preferences.I loved my old OS 10.3.9 , but newer software was no longer compatible . And you can say goodbye to all of your old OS 9 programs , they wo n't work anymore.Apple should have fixed this stuff before release . But they did n't .
 My work requires me to set up folders that hold hundreds and sometimes thousands of archived files . Therefore , I always use the simple list mode to scroll up and down in a narrow Finder window and open folders in the same window and without the need to having a sidebar , I never used the sidebar before anyway . something which worked great with Tiger.When I upgraded to Leopard I could n't have the simple list Finder window anymore . I found that in order to do that , I need to get a rid of the sidebar by clicking on the oval top right button on the Finder window which also get a rid of the top menu which includes the `` back '' and `` forward '' arrow buttons that are essential to going back and forth between folders . Although the arrow buttons can be substituted by activating the Path Bar at the bottom of the window by checking `` Show Path Bar '' in the `` View '' pulldown menu in top of the screen , which I do n't find as fast and easy to use as the arrow buttons . I also shockingly found out that when I get a rid of the sidebar -LRB- and the top menu -RRB- , folders always open in a new window no matter what , even if the `` Always open folders in a new window '' left unchecked in the `` Finder '' pull down menu in the top left corner of the screen.So now I 'm stuck with having to have the useless sidebar that takes much room on my little 15.4 screen of my MacBook Pro in every window I open in order just to make folders open in the same window.The other thing is that Leopard does not memorize the Finder 's window settings and location , I must go through resetting my windows to my specifications every time.This may sounds like a simple issue but it is a very important one because most of us use the same window settings from start to end , we rarely change to different settings or location.Apple , I hope you issue correction to this important problem soon .
 We loaded OSX 10.5 about 2 weeks ago . It has had several problems working with our existing software and crashing . Our Powerpoint failed to open . I could no longer make pdf copies from my ArchiCad Plotmaker program . It forced us into getting updates for both of these programs and also to update the RAM in my iMac G5 . These updates were probably overdue anyway , but it made it a considerably more expensive upgrade than we bargained for . We have already received some patches for the Leopard . It seems like the program was not quite ready for prime time when it was released .
 The ppc Mac computers have been hugely overpriced and VERY slow ; Apple dropped the ball on the good old system 9.2 . That was really disappointing . One is much better off installing a totally free Linux OS such as Ubuntu on Apple computers that will run a lot faster than any Mac or Windoes OS and is so much more educational for kids and anyone who really wants to learn . Learning is totally optional , however . I would definitely recommend trying Ubuntu -LRB- Linux -RRB- for a few days before this purchase of an overpriced OS here . Ubuntu is rock solid and there is nothing it can not do . Moreover , Linux is an OS respected by even hackers ; Linux does not have any virus problems and it is totally free . Apple gets no more than two stars but thats because the Windows gets barely one half star . And Linux will never get on your nerves about those annoyingly frequent updates like Mac and Windows because Linux does not snoop on you . Linux is rock solid stable . You do not even have to shut down your computer and it will be the same a year later . But , not those fat cats . Give Linux a try even for just one week esp . if you own an older computer and it will work a lot faster than a $ 2,000 Apple or a $ 1,000 Windows machine . Your total cost will be ZERO DOLLARS AND ZERO CENTS and you will feel a sense of accomplishment because you just joined an elite community of people who will help you for totally free because it is against their principles to charge for any software . You can install Linux on any machine , Windows or Mac , new or old . Even if you have installed their fat OS on your machine , you can still install Linux side by side at any time and get the taste of what you 've been missing . I got so sick of the Mac OS X because it slowed down my G4 PPC notebook , no videos etc. that I erased the hard drive and installed Ubuntu from scratch . Now , it is performing like a super fast computer . Computer manufacturers have been pressured not to sell their hardware with Linux operating systems . A once enthusiastic Dell -LRB- or Dull ? -RRB- has stopped shipping computers with Linux OS as it did two years ago . Software companies do not want people to get any exposure to Linux . That is because it is illegal to make any profit by selling Linux or any of its more than 300 distributions . Yes , under the rules of Open Source Software , a concept founded by the Finnish genius Linus Torvalds , no one can make a dime on Linux software . Not even shareware . Huge companies use Linux in their computers because it is the most reliable and secure OS there is . If Linux is good enough for the Pentagon and a myriad of governments and corporations , and big companies across the entire globe , why is it that we individuals must be forced to buy Windows or Mac OS when we buy computers and at the peril of our personal security ? There ought to be at least an option to use Linux OS with each computer that is sold . If a Linux CD be provided , then one can be charged as much as half a dollar for the CD . But , not any more . Some in the US have set on a mission to furnish the `` poor '' in other countries like India with 100 dollar PCs . Well , they should first provide us first with 50 dollar laptops because thats what it should cost at the very most and he can keep his Taj Mahal too . It is absurd to charge 200 bucks for an OS to an American citizen who is funding two whole wars and paying 4 bucks a gallon of gas . It is pathetic that these self-aggrandized philanthropists are bent upon furnishing remote access and Wi-Fi to those who will find their charities used perusing juicy websites and hacking our government . I also heard recently that the iPods were selling for as little as $ 10 in Mumbai , India . Low end iPods were reportedly selling for 5 bucks a piece . Finally , one can not really understand why the price of this OS is so much more on Amazon than Apple where you can buy it for 129 bucks .
 I have already sent in a review about the service I received from the seller , which was n't very good . Briefly , I was told that the item had been received and shipped . Sometime later , I received a notice that the item was n't in stock . I received a refund/credit for my credit card . I have n't heard a peep from the seller , whom I replied to also.I did n't review the item I ordered , because I never received it .
 I was forced to get this upgrade to continue using software that I 've been using for years and 10.5 and up have introduced a large host of problems that were n't problems in previous OS Xs.First Networking , it used to be 4 button clicks on the mac , then type in the IP address on the PC and PC and Mac are connected . Now it 's about 12 settings on the Mac side as well as deep diving into the PC settings to make another 6 adjustments and even then it 's nearly impossible . I 've tried with 2 completely different setups following every direction Apple and the web can provide and I 've got nothing . I 've taken all of Microsoft 's Certified Service Engineer classes and I 'm well versed in Networking and I can not get it to connect . I 'm using a thumb drive to transfer files between them.Second is hard drives , I 've got a lot of external hard drives connected , in previous OS X versions when I went to save , the last drive that I had saved to would be the one that spun up to speed and the one that popped up first in the save window . If I wanted another drive I 'd click that drive , wait for it to spin up to speed and then save to it . In 10.5 and up they 've changed it . I now have to wait for ALL my drives to spin up to speed before I can save anything . And they do n't spin up at the same time , it 's sequential , so I 'm waiting about a minute every time I want to save something just because they 've randomly changed how the save works . Also for some reason it will randomly cause my hard drives that are not in use to spin up to speed , which would n't be so bad except that every time it does it the computer halts for a couple of seconds . This happens about every half hour.Third is the Search box in the corner of the finder windows . This used to be an incredibly simple and powerful tool to search all my hard drives . I 'd type in my search and select all the drives then it would search them all . It could take a while but it was a background process that I could work on top of while it searched the HDs . Now I have to manually search EVERY drive by selecting it , typing in my search and then waiting for the search to complete . Then going to the next drive and repeating . What was a 15 minute background process is now a 45 minute process that takes my full attention.If you do no intense processing , have only 1 or 2 hard drives , and have no PC to network and you really feel the need to give Apple money for no reason than by all means buy this . If there is even the slightest chance you will want your computer to do some heavy lifting and possibly use multiple drives then do NOT upgrade . I 've been a Mac convert for 10 years and 10.5 + has me seriously considering switching back to PCs .
 If your buying a new mac w / leopard of if your computer is just a few months old then Leopard is awesome !!! But I upgraded on a 1.5 powerbook and it came to a screaming halt ! I have never been so unhappy w / my laptop . Put it this way my old 800 g4 iMac now runs circles around my powerbook . I do n't know whether to reformat my powerbook or wait and hope for updates .
 The disk that arrived had no markings on it in a shipping envelope with nothing but my name and address and a return address of the seller . No Apple logo , no identification , nothing . I tried it in my computer with no luck . I took it over to my son , who is a computer scientist for IBM , he said it was a copy of an Apple disk and it was corrupted . I sent a message to the disk supplier and he said he would refund my money for the disk but not the shipping . I guess it was my fault for him mailing a bad disk . He also said to throw the disk away since it had no value and not return it . I did get my purchase price back and felt lucky to get that even though I did n't get my postage .
 For those of us who need to use applications which run with JAVA -LRB- many internet based software do -RRB- Leopard is simply of no use , it does NOT work , its a nightmare.After consulting by phone with Apple 's customer support for abut 40 minutes , and trying to instal a Java update which ended up not working on Leopard , their honest and candid advice was simply to go back and re-install Tiger again as there is , at the moment , no certainty when there will be an available update to correct this problem.I 've been a satisfied Apple user for over 20 years , but this is just too much . Reading through the different internet forums on the subject one learns that Apple found out it had to wait for another 2 month before releasing their new fancy Leopard system in order to have it ready and Java compatible but that , of course , seems to have been much too long a wait . One wonders if the rush was to benefit their hungry customers of rather to calm the company 's thirst for dollars ...
 I bought this and installed it on my two week old Mini . Everything seemed to go fine until I had to install updates and my password no longer worked . Turns out there is a bug that Apple knows about -LRB- that 's the Keychain update -RRB- that causes ID and password problems . Their Web site says to install the update if you are having problems , but you ca n't install if your password does not work!After two hours on the phone with Apple support I had a computer that I could no longer use . No login at all , just a screen asking me to register -LRB- again -RRB- . Once I was hosed , Apple wanted me to reinstall again and this time NOT transfer my user settings , meaning hours of checking to transfer file and information over , and likely many headaches with having to re-register software.Even if I do this , I no longer trust the computer and wonder what data I might be missing . Apple refuses to do anything other than tell me to reinstall . They will not replace computers for software problems they cause , just hardware . They told me to call Amazon if I was not happy ! What service . Avoid if at all possible .
 I have to say , I feel like the Leopard interface is a step backward for productivity . It 's not that it is n't pretty -- it 's that it 's so pretty it 's making my eyes cross
 March 8 , 2008 Addition : Unfortunately , I discovered a critical glitch in Time Machine the hard way ... A whole lot of time and data loss . Hopefully this post will save some of you a major headache AND through the attention motivate Apple to fix the problem.Time Machine DOES NOT properly , if at all , back up Entourage , a critical software for a lot of Mac users . If your data somehow becomes corrupt , you sync incorrectly , or any of a myriad of other issues occur that require you to fall back on your ` safety net ' , Time Machine , to restore your Entourage database to a previous date , you most likely will not be able to . The restores simply do not take effect and you are just left with the problematic or corrupt version of your data.Initially when I called Apple about this issue , they tried to bounce me to Microsoft . I was however able to prove the issue to be a Time Machine defect by following the below steps :1 . Adding info to Entourage - so that Time Machine would include the Entourage database in the next backup .2 . I then performed a backup - ` control + Time Machine icon ' , then ` backup now ' from the menu .3 . Then located the backup in Time Machine - Using the finder window , I navigated to ` My Documents ' - then ` Microsoft User Data - then ` Office 2004 Identities ' - then ` Main Identity ' , which houses the Entourage database .4 . I then clicked on the Time Machine icon in my dock , which should put the latest backup with the file in question selected right in front .5 . I then checked the latest backup of the Main Identity ' folder by clicking Command & i. 6 . An info window pops up . The ` last modified ' date should be just a few minutes ago . It is several weeks ago . Not good since my Time Machine software is set to keep hourly backups for the past 24 hours , daily for the past month , and weekly until the backup disc is full ! This is the default setting so if you have n't done any customization , yours will be set at the same.None of the ` fixes ' Apple has provided correct the issue and there appears to be no momentum to correct what appears to be a software defect . Checking through the message boards , it appears there are plenty of other people experiencing the same problem , some with way more dire circumstances than mine . One poor woman was in the middle of a child abduction case -LRB- her own -RRB- and needed to restore old emails and could n't . Unfortunately most people will only discover this problem when they are in need of the restore that wo n't be there . So , be forewarned ... And if this software is critical to you , run through the above tests . If the same problem occurs with your backups , post here to inform others and let Apple know that they need to fix the issue . After all Time Machine was a huge selling point of this operating system upgrade and intended to prevent just this type of data loss . If Time Machine does n't backup our most critical softwares , what 's the point ?!! Again , I do not believe this to be a Microsoft issue . Time Machine is the one not performing here . The above demonstrates this.With regard to Microsoft 's Office program though , there are issues with the way their Entourage database is setup . All of the different parts back up as one monumental database . So each change you make backs up the entire database ... Which very quickly uses up your hard drive . They could break the database down -LRB- as Apple does -RRB- into separate parts for each section of the software - Calendar , Contacts , Email ... So that this does n't occur . This is an issue to take up with them ... But then this should be posted under ` Office 2008 for Mac ' ... Another ` to do ' and I 'm still dealing with all my data loss due to the above Apple issue !!! While I have to confess to being a die-hard -LRB- ex-PC -RRB- Apple user , I have to say , I am VERY DISAPPOINTED with the lack of flexibility in the new TIME MACHINE -LRB- backup -RRB- software which is incorporated into Leopard.If you use a laptop and hope for this to address all your backup needs , think again.Some time ago , as happens to most laptop users , my hard drive started to approach capacity due to my ever expanding media library . So , I transfered my iTunes library to a fabulous , super portable -LRB- physically tiny -RRB- 160 GB G-tech ` mini ' hard drive . I leave this storage device connected to my laptop most of the time ... And because it is so small and light , I also travel with it . I set up another 260GB hard drive to handle Time Machine backups . I then find out that Time Machine will not allow me to back up the mini . You 've got to be kidding me ?!!! So essentially , if you run out of space on your laptop hard drive , which most users do pretty quickly , and resort to an external hard drive to store your media , Time Machine will not backup your media on the external hard drive . It -LRB- Time Machine -RRB- provides no means of including another external hard drive in the backup.How exactly does this meet the needs of the average laptop user ???? When you address this with Apple , they simply try to bounce you to a ` product specialist ' to sell you a ` Time Capsule ' hard drive with the explanation that it -LRB- Time Capsule -RRB- will address my need . What nonsense !!! Time Capsule is a hard drive that enables you to backup your media through your wireless network . Most people who have a laptop , have it because they are on the go ... ie . away from their network ... A good percent of the time . Correcting this hole in this software is a simple fix . Just enable any external hard drive of the users choice to be included in Time Machine 's backup . I gather from my communica . though with their -LRB- Apple 's -RRB- tech people regarding this issue , and the fact that Apple is usually -RRB- so good about covering all the bases , that this is an intentional shorting of the software to meet some need of theirs . -LRB- ??? -RRB- So , I say again , how is Time Machine meeting my -LRB- and your other laptop customers ' -RRB- real needs ... It 's NOT !!! MR JOBS , MODIFY THIS CRITICAL SOFTWARE TO MEET THE NEEDS OF IT 'S USERS , YOUR CUSTOMERS !! I will update/amend this post if this software is fixed or this issue appropriately addressed .
 Well , That 's not entirely accurate , the stability of my system went down in general . . I have a MAC PRO 2.6 G box with 6 GB DDR and several terrabytes of storage . I do almost exclusively video editing FCP -LRB- latest greatest -RRB- . . So where do I start . . Well I get way more crashes then before , very little of value . I remember being stunned that I really could n't see much change except the things that stopped working . If you have an HP printer/scanner , you better read this : http://forums12.itrc.hp.com/service/forums/bizsupport/questionanswer.do;HP-FORUMS-S-WPA-IDX=H2SYRZHRC8tJybp4mV1Mn2xjvSl7tFkTylZCJ2mxRpHGqZV7G5N8!1461790986!904529053?threadId=1172940&admit;=109447627+1199493784843+28353475Basically No support for your nifty HP Scanners anymore . To be honest , if I could back it out without a real major headache . . I would . I would do it with a major headache if I could get my $ 150 back ... So . . If I were you . . when 10.6 comes out , spend alot of time reading about it , not the reviews written by all of the geeks who think apple can do no wrong . . but the people who are agnostic . . It 's getting closer to windows all the time . . they just need a nice blue screen display and it will be there .
 I bought Leopard in November and has endless trouble - I did a clean install and the problems were all with Leopard itself - not third party software or anything like that.The actual cosmetic improvements over Tiger are n't worth the trouble or the expense . I have gone back to Tiger in fact.I 'd say you should wait for some updates to iron out the early problems - but really this software is n't ready for the mass market and shame on Apple for selling it like this .
 I just verified S. Hiss ' comments from April . If you are a registered Mac owner , you can avoid the over inflated prices of some of the 3rd party resellers . Call Apple at 1-800 . my.apple where you can purchase a copy of OS 10.5.6 for $ 129 , plus tax , with free shipping .
 Do n't waste your money on this so-called `` upgrade '' . I 've learned the hard way!Leopard performs like an early beta , not a final release . It 's buggy , slow , and - worst of all - sometimes deletes important files ! I am ready to `` voluntarily downgrade '' to Tiger , just just like the many frustrated Vista users who are going back to XP.Some specific examples : - Many programs , especially third-party ones , run slow or crash frequently , e.g. Adium -LRB- a terrific multi-protocol chat program -RRB- - Leopard deleted my iTunes library file , forcing me to painfully rebuild it . I lost my playlists and much purchased content from iTunes -LRB- especially TV shows , for some reason -RRB- , and all of my album art , much of which I had painstakingly retrieved from various sources - Many of the much-touted features are available for free in more stable , open-source programs . For example , Super Duper offers vastly more functionality than Time Machine - Most of the other features are poorly implemented . For instance
 MacOS 10.5 and 10.5.1 are very buggy . Just one example spaces - a great concept and a greater disappointment
 My brother bought me an Apple Computer a month ago with the hopes of having me migrate from my PC to an Apple computer . I got used to the Apple Tiger OS quickly and I really enjoyed the OS 's interface and ease of use . Learning a new operating system was not difficult.Though the MAC OS is supposed to be more stable than Windows , I had several crashes with iTunes , especially when trying to import some old CDs I had . Forcing the program to quit was easy though , but it still was a pain.With Leopard , Apple promised to fix some bugs and introduce some stunning new features ; that is , if you are able to install it in the first place.Upon upgrading my Tiger OS to Leopard , I was greeted after the install and restart to the login screen . I did not use a password while using Tiger , so I was surprised that I was asked for one to login . I tried to press the enter key as I usually do , but this did not work this time . I even tried pressing the green arrow to continue , but that did not work either . The computer was insisting for me to type in a valid password in order to enter the system.I spent half a day trying to figure out what to do , and my work was delayed . I tried reinstalling Leopard , but was greeted by the same login message after install and restart . It was really frustrating.Using my PC , I signed in to the Apple support website at www.apple.com/support to get some help . Here 's what I got at http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=3065081 . Start up from your Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard Install DVD .2 . From the Utilities menu , choose Reset Password ... 3 . Reset the password for the affected account -LRB- s -RRB- . I tried the above , but it did not work for me.At http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=306840 was the following solution to remedy the problem :1 . Restart in Single User mode -LRB- hold Command-S during startup -RRB- 2 . At the prompt , type
 I would have loved to have given Leopard five stars , but ... I Installed Leopard on my iMac G5 -LRB- plenty of RAM -RRB- about a month ago and am having a lot of buggy problems
 We have three Mac 's in the house and are VERY pro Apple . Got Leopard for the G-4 . We exceed speed and memory requirements as well as RAM . Since it 's been installed ~ it 'll lock up and freeze . We 've reloaded and rechecked everything . I was told to
 Installing Leopard has been my first terrible experience with Apple.Major apps like iTunes & iPhoto crash constantly . Apple could n't even properly prep their most used applications for this thing ?? I 'm going back to Tiger pronto .
 Leopard is terrible . Loaded on my MacBook and it would not work with my xerox networked printer . In addition , it kept dropping connections on my wireless network . I went back to Tiger and all is working well as before . I wish I would have saved my money .
 My family got a new Mac that came with Leopard . None of my kids ' software games will run on it because it `` does not support the classic environment '' or something like that . Basically , as I have now discovered , anything before OS X 10.5 -LRB- Leopard -RRB- had the ability to read software that was made for both PCs and Macs , but the new version can not . I spent a long time at the store looking for kids ' games that would run on our new computer , but I could only find one.I have also had trouble with scanning photos and documents from my HP scanner/printer to the computer , but that could just be a problem with Macs in general .
 I have been an apple fan for many years - 1990 was the beginning of my experience . Until now , I always praised apple for being out of the box , attentive to detail , and not guilty of rushing products to the market.Sadly , this product is very simply a Microsoft type release - immature at best and totally out of kilter for apple . I have a brand new iMac , not one single problem - the only additional software loaded is the MS office . Also have a Canon printer and a backup HD . After loading Leopard , my machine shuts down for no known reason , wo n't wake up from sleep and periodically wo n't start . I have talked to apple over two hours on the phone and spent 1.5 hrs at the apple store . Nothing has changed after loading the latest update - 10.5.1 . Do n't buy this update yet unless to you can live with the immaturity issues . Sooner or later they will figure it out - at the buyer 's expense . Totally not like apple .
 as nice as it is , a leopard upgrade is very unstable and reliable . i 've paid too much money for this to downgrade back to tiger . i 'm hoping that as more updates come , the better it will be .
 I 'm running OS 10.4.11 on a powerpc G5 . I installed OS 10.5.6 but then was unable to boot my computer . I 'm not happy about the whole thing . It was a lot of work for nothing .
 I love my mac but have had many many problems with Leopard.Some have been fixed by the last updates but problems still existApple needs to GET THE BUGS OUT !! Its shameful that they released this version so late and in such poor condition.On the upside there are a couple of cool things but still not worth the problems .
 It seems to me that your web site -LRB- Amazon -RRB- should get in sync with your shipping department and estimated delivery date . I received your email asking me to review my purchase of Snow Leopard today Sept 4th . This is the current statusItems shipped on September 3 , 2009 -LRB- Actually the USPS is still waiting for it -RRB- Delivery estimate
 Omnipage Pro 12 loves to crash . So much so , that it is impossible to batch convert a folder of files to Adobe Acrobat . pdf `` image with text '' , which is the only really useful Adobe Acrobat format . Here we are in the year 2003 , and software developers still have n't figured out how to gracefully exit their programs when the unexpected happens . Ominpage Pro 12 simply can not deal with Adobe Acrobat . pdf formats well . Review the user groups on Scansoft 's website , and you will see two major problems with its Acrobat compatibility . The first is when using Scansoft on an existing . pdf image file . Importing the . pdf file , capturing the text , and saving the file as . pdf `` image with text '' -LRB- which is supposed to save the ORIGINAL image with searchable background text -RRB- causes the image to degrade . Do n't ask me why , but the image in the output file is not the same quality as the imported . pdf image . So to work around this issue , I started scanning our documents into . tif format -LRB- 600x600 -RRB- on our high speed scanner , and then importing the . tifs into Scansoft , for conversion to . pdf `` image with text '' . The resulting . pdf files were graphically sharper than when I had imported existing . pdf files . The big problem is that running the Omnipage Pro 12 `` Schedule OCR '' on the folder of . tif files , Omnipage Pro 12 simply crashes at random places in the conversion process . No graceful exit . No warning . To summarize , Scansoft 's Omnipage Pro 12 is inadequate to save files as . pdf `` image with text '' . It crashes . And this happens on both a Windows 98 PC and a Windows 2000 PC , so it 's not a PC-specific issue ...
 We have eagerly awaited this new Spy Fox game only to discover that Humongous as well as The Learning Company and others have stopped making software for the Macintosh . You would think with so many iMacs being sold that they would cut us a break . My kids are exremely dissapointed and so am I.
 Hello , I am Russian Blue Witch , a child only slightly over the age range . I played this game and it was hideous ! The game play was great , and it was pretty fun , but on the first cut scene they had stuff burn up right before people 's eyes and whole oceans dry right up ! And meanwhile all Poodles Galore -LRB- What was her mother THINKING when she named her ? -RRB- just laughs her head off , and all Spy Fox -LRB- His mother has problems too ! -RRB- can do is make the lamest puns in world history . I mean , seriously , this was too freaky for ME ! AND I 'M HIGHER THAN THE AGE RANGE ! Okay , I have an active imagination -LRB- I am scared silly by two girl scout songs , Found a Peanut and Sharks -RRB- , so I guess you have to decide for yourself whether or not to take my word for it . But it only gets worse , with Poodles sending innocent folks to their death and doom just for the money ! Also , apparently the guys at Humongous are afraid of lawsuits , making Spy Fox stop in the middle of saving the world just to explain that in real life you should never put your feet in a toaster . I do n't think they should have done that in the first place!Another thing to get annoyed with is that in this game , some of the problems have to be solved by spy gadgets you can only get at command center . This is okay except for the fact you need to keep going back for more gadgets , and , unless you 've played before , you do n't know what gadgets you 'll need until you need them . Also , Spy Fox is just as cruel as Poodles , sticking innocent -LRB- Okay , not so innocent -RRB- henchmen to the ceiling for -LRB- According to Professor Quack -RRB- days!For anyone interested , I asked Plato Pushpin about why on earth the Congeo pill worked , but I had to make a quick exit to save my brain from melting.I highly recommend you do n't buy this unless you have a tough kid and can get it for cheep .
 I have always loved Humongous software . Very educational and challenging . This game was no exception . But when I was in the `` donut shop '' of this game and saw on the menu a `` marion berry powdered donut '' , I was apalled ! This reference has a lot of connotations with it and I do n't see why this phrase was used , especially when it could be mistaken for a possible reference to such a huge political scandal .
 Although you will find no documentation that states this , Freddi Fish 5 , like all the Freddi Fish games , does not work on Intel-based Macs . We have a new Mac running OS-X , and the software claims that it can not run in the `` Classic Environment '' . I assume that this is because Intel-based Macs were not in the picture when these games were first developed . So , the software assumes that this unfamiliar operating system must be the Classic Environment . We 're quite disappointed in the software maker , and those distributing this software -LRB- including Amazon -RRB- for not disclosing this up-front when advertising/selling this software .
 It is old , outdated , lacking of drivers for today 's hardware and full of unfixed bugs . I remember installing it out of curiosity years ago with buggy , incomplete desktop software . As someone pointed out in a review there 's a Freespire project , but unless you are looking to have most unusual Linux distro in a town , get Ubuntu , openSUSE or Fedora 13 -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- .
 Linspire had a great idea
 I purchesed linspire 5.0 expecting an easy time . But , I have the linux modem blues . I have sucessfully installed modems with redhat 9 and lycoris , but with linspire I am surprised to be having such hassles . A usb external was n't seen . I yanked my pci modem and put in an agere chipset modem . Linspire sees it , but I get a ` no dial tone ' window . I reboot witht the same computer into windows 2000 and the modem works fine . Really , if this is supposed to be such an easy distro of linux , why have n't they resolved this stuff ? I find little information on the linspire web site . And of course , without a working modem , the cnr is totally useless ! So , here I am going on to modem # 3 , scouring the web trying to find something compatible . Arrgh !
 Easy to use Linux with tons of tutorials , nice till you discover that you just installed the basics and to get more you need to open your wallet . Better off with a fancy LInux like Suse 9.3 or Mandriva or if money matters something like Ubuntu or Kubuntu or even Federa Core is you are not too much on the Internet . Their click and run technology is a good idea , except that most software they propose can already be downloaded for free from the Internet .
 Linspire takes a free -LRB- as in beer and as in speech -RRB- Linux distribution known as Debian , and then charges for the `` service '' of downloading software from a repository that is about 1/7th the size of the Debian repositories . If you wish ease of use , and adhere to the Debian ideal , get yourself a free-of-charge copy of Ubuntu courtesy of http://shipit.ubuntu.com , and then access the Ubuntu and Debian archives WITHOUT having to subscribe to anything .
 Let me first say that the reviews about this distribution easily loading are true . It was up and running in about 10 minutes with no errors and every component recognized . It is also the closest to the Windows experience that I have seen so far , being a previous user of Suse and Redhat . However , this is where the trouble begins : Much of the software that comes with the other distributions is not present here . Instead , Linspire will guide you to the online software warehouse where you can download `` thousands '' of software programs . This sounded great . But when you get there , they politely ask for another $ 49 as an annual fee . I grudgingly paid this expecting to have open access to the latest and greatest programs . I could n't believe my eyes when I started scrolling through them . The majority of the programs are the same ones most distributions put on disk or just let you download for free on linux websites . Every now and then I came by a program I really did want , such as virus software , only to find out that you still have to pay for it , just at a `` member '' rate . Give me a break ! . Even updating the system will guide you to this warehouse where you have to pay more money . Also , there is only the KDE interface , whereas usually you get a choice between KDE , Windowmaker , Xwindow and others.In Addition , even though there are tutorials , there is no documentation on how to use Linux that comes with the program . Other distributions , such as Suse , at least sent some books on the basics of Linux that you could reference . Here , you receive a small instruction pamphlet guiding you to go straight to the online software warehouse.In the end , Linspire seems to want to remove any idea of the opensource concept . It took me forever just to find a Linux terminal to type in commands . It really feels like the freedom that comes with using a Linux distribution is missing here . You pay $ 99 for a system without the Linux , and then have to pay $ 49 more to get the basic Linux programs . Bill Gates would be proud.Update 08/01/05 - Uninstalling - Well , turns out that this version should have come with the 1 year software warehouse subscription . However , everytime I go the CNR site , it wanted me to pay the subscription price . CNR never recognized or allowed me to enter any information showing that I bought the CNR edition . Everytime I tried to get help I would get sent back to the same software warehouse site where I already had to pay to get in . I am uninstalling and just calling this one a learning experience . If you want to experience the benefits of a linux distro then buy a real one . This is a companys attempt to make money off the growing popularity of Linux and nothing more .
 It 's been about two weeks since I first received my Studio DV V8 . Installation was fairly straight forward . I notice the quality of the IEEE-1394 PCI card was more on the low cost side and the IEEE-1394 6-pin/4-pin cable fit very loosely into my Sony DV . When I start the capture , computer lock-up and I have to cycle the power to get out of it . - There are no 800 numbers for phone tech support and tech support hours are 10-7 EST M-F ; which ca n't be utilized by me . - I had logged this problem with them twice via web support in the last two weeks and had not heard anything from them . -LRB- I will update the review if I ever get an answer back from them . -RRB-
 I tried to pair the card in this package with the new Maxtor 5000DV . The Pinnacle card toasts the Maxtor drive every time . Maxtor customer service can replicate my error and has been very helpful . Pinnacle customer service has been sarcastic , irresponsible , and completely unhelpful.The Pinnacle software only offers minor improvements over my existing software , so I 'm out -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- and have a worthless Pinnacle package sitting in the closet.Don ' t buy from Pinnacle until they get their customer service reps up to snuff !
 Gee . What can I say I worked with THQ to get this to install and nothing worked . Both my husband and I are engineers and we could n't get it to install on 2 different computers with Windows XP . Not compatible according to others out there as well .
 I wanted this game for a time.When I got it it cost only $ 9 . I got it and played it and got it done in only at max 3 hr.And all that it is alot of mini games.If you are very young or are buying it for someone that is young -LRB- Like 9 or younger -RRB- it is fine.Also if you are going to wach the moive do not play the game.It tells the moive very good.All and all it is not my type of game .
 The software loaded OK and runs just fine on my Palm Tungsten T3.The problem is the manual . It is hard to navigate and is way too big to print . A good `` Getting Started '' guide would be great to have . It should include some example problems and graphs . Also , keep the methods of entry separate , that is to say , do n't show algebraic inputs and RPN inputs on the same page for the same expamle problem . Divide it into separate sections.Ratings ? Program 4 stars , Instruction Manual -3
 I found the FloorPlan 8 easy to use ... but Turbocad is completely useless to me without a user guide or manual . It is not user friendly in any respect . Even the Help section is no help at all.I 'll try to locate a printed ` how-to ' guide before I give up . It may be great for an experienced architect ... but I need a computer course to figure out how to use the program .
 I picked this up so I could create 2-D and 3-D drawings of furniture -LRB- among other things -RRB- . It 's hard enough to understand CAD . It 's even harder without a tutorial or a guide to cover the basics . The manual is packed with data but it assumes that you already know all you need to know about CAD.Being a software developer for many years , I find it bothersome to purchase a program that does not provide a set of basic lessons for those people who are not experts . I find it irritating.If it contained a nice basic tutorial , it would be much more useful . As it is , I installed the program , read what I could of the manual , searched a great deal through the web site -LRB- imsi -RRB- and found little to nothing on how to get from point A -LRB- a concept -RRB- to point B -LRB- a drawing -RRB- .
 I agree with the comments by other users . I still havent found a basic tutorial to understand this program . Its very disapointing . I want to draw but its so complicated I will just use a peice of paper to do my drawing.Dont buy Turbo CAD
 now admitttedly i am impatient , but i found this product to be unweildy and unfriendly . i had been using broderbund 's `` instant architect '' -LRB- which was soooo excellent -RRB- for years until a change in operating systems forced me to find an alternative . after several attempts to make it productive , i 've given up . i no longer have it installed on my machine .
 I have a software on my computer that I could not uninstall . I purchase the Uninstaller software , it could not uninstall it either . I am going to give Ideasoft the benefit of the doubt and say somthing must be wrong with my computer.So I uninstall the uninstaller.I could not honestly give it a rating .
 I thought this game was okay when I first got it , but it just got boring after only a few weeks . Although I like sports games , this got boring way to fast . The pitchers would throw way to slow and then they give you a special throw that is almost impossible to hit . Also if you care for graphics much , do n't buy this game . If you love baseball , try Triple Play 98 or 99 .
 FloorPlan 3D is capable of drawing basic layouts of a two story structure and placing within most elements . It is difficult to use and is limited to the range of elements and custom designs . Upgrades and patches are not currently available . Technical assistance is on a fee basis .
 I grant that my vocabulary is larger than average , but I seem to know every word in this dictionary . Words that I do not know are not in it . If you have graduated from college , I do n't think it would be much use . The thesaurus gives only a few alternatives and it gives you no idea of what word would be the better choice , so it is not much use .
 You better already know how to write your Resume because this wo n't help .
 If you need a calendar of when your bills are do , this is great . It is not what I wanted as you can not put in separate credit card info and keep track of expenses like you would in another software program . I wanted something a little more in depth that I could customize as far as the bill names and put in interest rates , etc. .
 Does not work with Vista or windows 7 . Seems to need a help file that comes from XP for Help Html stuff . I tried to installed the help 4.72 it requires and the Microsoft Help HTML stuff but it doesnt find it so wont run .
 Whenever I run NoteTaker I run into all kinds of glitches , some small and some large . For example , I created a simple notebook and decided to export it to the web . The export panel let me choose where to save the HTML version , but it actually saved it under a different name . When I finally found it and viewed the HTML in Safari it looked OK but when I used Explorer , all of the pages were empty . It 's this way for most features - glaring bugs that you would think some basic testing would expose . NoteTaker is lacking the polish that I expect from commercial software , especially at the price they 're asking.NoteTaker also gets bogged down as your Notebooks grow in size . Someone sent me a notebook that has about a megabyte of data in it and it took about a minute for NoteTaker to open it . Somehow I waited that long - I was certain the app had frozen.AquaMinds has announced they 're porting NoteTaker to Windows . That does n't much benefit us Mac users , and the time and energy they could be investing in fixing bugs in the existing product is instead being poured into the port.NoteTaker is an offshoot of an application called `` NoteBook , '' originally written for the NeXT Computer . The original NoteBook is also available for the Mac , from a company called Circus Ponies Software . Both NoteBook and NoteTaker have a very similar feature set - definitely compare the two before making a purchase decision . Both companies offer 30-day test drives .
 This game does n't work with Windows Vista -LRB- wo n't install -RRB- . I will try again after I upgrade to Windows 7 .
 YO people , dont waste money on this . Trust me ! It is boring . i mean , it takes forever to just beat one !
 I used to swear by -LRB- never at -RRB- this product when it was version 1 , on Windows 95 . I happily paid the registration fee.But all sorts of nasty things -LRB- filesystem crashes , lockups -RRB- happened after I upgraded to V4 so I could run it on Windows 2000 . The then-owners -LRB- Ontrack I think -RRB- admitted there were issues , but other than suggesting reinstallation -LRB- which did n't work -RRB- they had nothing . It was a shocker . I could n't find anything mentioning this on the web , and now the product seems to have faded into obscurity . Maybe it 's ok under SP4 , I do n't know , I ca n't afford to risk it . Shame .
 ZipMagic is extremely convenient , and reliable for ZIP files . I 've been using it for years.But WARNING , I just found out the hard way that it can produce CORRUPT files when extracting from LZH/LHA files!I contacted customer support and we went back an forth several times . Here 's their latest `` answer '' > Response -LRB- Ontrack Technical Support -RRB- - 09/20/2002 09:59 AM > The Compression Plus library files that are used in ZipMagic only > have the ability to view the contents of LHA/LZH files . The library > files can not extract the LHA/LZH files , it can only view them . > This is a limitation of the library files that ZipMagic uses and will > not be corrected until the library files are updated by Compression > Plus . Sorry for the inconvenience.This is B.S. because their own manual , two years old now , says how to extract files from LZH/LHA archives.I 'll be happy to provide a sample LZH file to prove my claim , to them or anyone else . It extracts just fine with lha255.exe.Mikep.s . I 've heard that ZipMagic 7.0 is out now ... I do n't know if this problem as been corrected ...
 The quality of video and screen captures was so poor that I could not follow the instructions . The instructional contents might be excellent but the poor quality of the captured video clips prevented me from continuing ; so I can not say anything about the contents . 1 star is for production quality .
 This program works , and works well for all external SCSIdevices.Read that again carefully
 I 'd read superb reviews of Retrospect , so I was extremely disappointed with the unintuitive interface , the limited choice of backup drives supported -LRB- Iomega , for instance , is not among the Anointed , for the most part -RRB- , and the inability of the program to perform basic functions despite coming with reams of -LRB- electronic -RRB- documentation . I 've got to agree with bunab -- it 's all very un-Mac-like . And , like bunab , I 'm no newbie -- I 've spent plenty of time installing and using software , troubleshooting hardware/software problems . So it 's not that I 'm a few Bradys short of a Bunch.This is a very stubborn program and it 's turning me into a very grumpy person .
 My honest rating
 We have a lot of video games but ca n't even get out of the gate with this one . crashes every time .
 I bought this program after getting a digital camera and wanting to `` play '' with AND improve my images taken . I bought this program based on it 's packaging . They make it sound great . However , upon getting it home , became frustrated very quickly . For someone with no experience , your totally on your own . I knew I would have to experiment and learn on my own , but there is no manual , the help menu 's are , at best , minimal and offer no help , merely a description of what the icon does . Save your money and search , like I should have , for a program that is more user-friendly WITH a manual for learning !
 Bookmstr 's review is totally on the mark , except in my case it did n't find ANY files . Other programs at least saw all of my accidentally deleted files . This program showed me nothing . I even deleted a file and immediately tested it and it would n't find the file .
 It may be good protection once it is installed but if you are installing this in the hope of trying to restore files that you have deleted it doesn , t work . It comes with an emergency undelete capability that you are to use if you have not installed the product before you deleted files . This emergency undelete capabilty does n't really work . I was able to find about 25 files that it said could be restored . I installed another product and it found over 300 and it provided the names of the files unlike Executive Software which gives you a cryptic name . I would compare using this to providing someone who is drowning with an anchor .
 I bought this item knowing that it may not play on my newer -LRB- Windows 7 -RRB- computer . However , I figured it would either play on my dad 's computer -LRB- that has Windows XP -RRB- or my friends computer -LRB- with Vista -RRB- . Nope . Just a waste of money and a very disappointed child .
 I bought this for our kids to play with on their netbook , but this software wo n't run without the CD , which the netbook does not have . It seems the software industry is still bending over backwards to provide products that are inferior , and in my case useless , to legitimate customers .
 I elected to try the 30 day free trial and abandoned Netbarrier X4 after only a month . It gives a lot of easy to read and reference information . For me , it was scarcely more valuable than the integrated OS X 10.4 firewall . Perhaps I found it less useful because AirPort Extreme is used with my firewall which is set to deny all shared services.By all means , take advantage of all of Intego 's free download 90 day trials . In the case of Netbarrier X4 , your needs may be different from mine . You may like it.I also use the unobtrusive Intego VirusBarrier X4 to protect my PC friends from 193,000 PC viruses and myself from the two known OSX trojans and four OS X viruses . I am very pleased with it and impressed with the responsive customer service .
 I 'm not sure that Family Tree Maker could be more confusing in the way they offer their products . Can you name every difference between : - the `` Special Edition '' - the `` Starter Edition '' - the `` Standard Edition '' - the `` Deluxe Edition '' - the `` Essentials '' - the `` JewelCase '' version - the `` Premium '' versionor the `` Collector 's Edition '' ? Or what about some products available on the FamilyTreeMaker.com website like : - `` Family Tree Maker 2006 Advanced DVD '' - `` Family Tree Maker 2006 Basic DVD `` Unless you 've personally purchased all of these versions your answer is , of course , `` No '' . Why ? Because the descriptions of each one are deceptively similar even though the prices range from $ 7.99 to $ 89.99 , some of them look to be identical.Well , I 'm here to warn you that THIS version , called the `` Jewel Case '' , also known as the `` Special Edition '' -LRB- according to the box -RRB- and referred to as the `` Starter Edition '' by the people at MyFamily.com ... THIS version should be FREE . Why ? Because it 's basically a demo.Of course , nothing in the description indicates this fact . It has the same description as some other versions of the Family TreeMaker software , but it 's NOT . If you buy this , you 'll find yourself needing to `` upgrade '' to use all the functions.If you Google , you can find this as a free download from FamilyTreeMaker.com as well.BUYER BEWARE !
 On the case it says `` SPECIAL EDITION '' . When installed it says that it is a starter edition . Many of the menu functions are locked out . If all that you are trying to do is to organize your family tree and print simple reports this edition will do that . Mostly this `` SPECIAL EDITION '' teases you with what it does not do and invites you to purchase an upgrade . The `` free '' 30-day subscription to OneWorldTree requires a credit card and a subscription that must then be canceled to avoid charges .
 It does not load properly -- It does n't appear to even be the right version of the program on the disc . ISMI sold it to antoher company and I ca n't get any support from the new company .
 I buy all kinds of software and I never , never ... well hardly ever throw away software even after several years and then I usually donate it to the Friends of the Library bookstore before I throw things away . I threw this away within two weeks of installing it .1 -RRB- Surprise!In teeny , tiny small print on the package you will see that you are strongly encourage activate your software . While I do n't think you * have * to activate it , it does annoy you .2 -RRB- Surprise , again!In activating the software , the e-mail address field is case-sensitive - the ONLY situation I have seen this problem AND the error message did n't tell me this , the error message was `` invalid domain '' . I just tried it and it worked .3 -RRB- Now , that I 've got you ... . Questions , questions , questions ... How many friggin questions can a software company ask in signing up for software ??? Scansoft ... oh ... I 'm sorry NU-ANCE asked me how much I made , where I lived , who lived there , how old they were , how long had I lived there , what I did ... etc. etc. . Like I am going to tell you all that stuff for a piece of crappy $ 40 software ... I do n't think so ! 4 -RRB- You change your name from ScanSoft to Nuance ... a name more appropriate for a perfume .5 -RRB- All the other stuff would be ok if the software were superlative ... ok ... good ... ok ... passable ... was n't crap ... I used the same file with Acrobat Professional 6 and with PDF Convertor . Acrobat Professional got over 90 % of the words , PDF Convertor was lucky to 60 % . Go get Acrobat Professional 6 on eBAY and you will be happy . PDF Converter is n't worth the effort to throw it away . A complete waste of money and time .
 the reader rabbit software will not run in three different computers . the other reader rabbit -LRB- learn and read -RRB- i bought works fine.and the curious george does not work ... dinosaur adventure works fine .
 FOr some reason I ca n't get this to work . The operating system is probably the problem . SO it was a waste of money .
 My sister bought this for me , the 3 CDROM pack with Birds of Australia , Birds of the World , and another bird CD when I had Windows ME and it worked like a charm . But , when I upgraded to a much better computer and WAY better operating system in XP , I installed my beloved birds CDROM and lo and behold , it did n't work . So , I wrote to Webster 's , very politely , and they wrote me back and told me that no , it will not work on XP , BUT , they are in the process of repackaging Webster 's Birds of the World software and get this ... those who bought the earlier version has to buy it again ! Now , that has been over a year since I bought my new computer with XP on it and still the new software is yet to be seen . So , if you like birds like me but you have Windows XP , do n't waste your money buying this CDROM . I think it totally bites that Webster 's did n't come out with an XP patch like every other software company but instead is trying to make an extra buck -LRB- probably they 'll make us buy the new package for like 30 bucks -RRB- reselling the software , which I thought was fine as it is . Come on Webster 's , stop playing Bill Gates and just come out with an XP patch !
 I 've been using Paint Shop Pro for several years , but wanted to try Photo Express 4.0 for its red eye removal and printing capabilities.I take mainly snapshots , and so need to remove a lot of red eye ! While Photo Express 's red eye removal tool is neat and works fine , it is quite clumsy going back to thumbnail view after editing a photo ! You have to click the `` mode '' button then click `` Browse '' , each time ! If it used a standard MDI interface , like Paint Shop Pro does , the browse window would just be there when you closed the photo window.Another gripe
 I have used Ulead Photo Express for a couple years now and love it . I down loaded a trial version of 4.0 and found that Ulead has removed the Dust/scratch removal from the program . When editing photos this is a must . So 4.0 is off my shopping list . I will find another program that compares or continue to use 3.0 Platinum . Ulead customer service acted offended that I even asked about the scratch/dust removal in 4.0 . I guess they do n't want further business from me .
 Hi , it 's me again , the one who wrote the first/previous review . As a service to all scrapbookers out there , I must revise my previous review to reflect some things that I have since found out.When I wrote the first review , I had sat and designed away for hours , enthralled with the program . The next day though , when I tried to print those pages out , trouble was found . When I send a 12 '' page to print , the program superimposes on my page four red lines , which tech support claims are Print Margins . These margins are at the top , left and right edges of the page correctly . But the bottom `` margin '' is at least a 1/2 '' too high . I have written many emails to tech support and while the first two were at least answered -LRB- though no solution was offered -RRB- the rest have gone unanswered -LRB- even though I wrote I would come back here and warn fellow scrapbookers ! -RRB- Tech support verified that this `` margin '' line is not changeable , moveable , or removeable , but that 's it . They have been unable to tell me how to get a 12 '' page to print top to bottom . Therefore , since recieving this program I have not been able to print so much as a single 12x12 '' page . Not one.I also discovered a design flaw in the text box . The text box is very small and only displays two lines of type , about 20 characters per line . This was fine for making captions under photo 's . But the first time I tried to journal a story , it was a mess . Lines will continue to type indefinately so you have to hit ` Enter ' to drop down to the next line , but since you only see 20 characters or so in the text box , you ca n't line up the lines in the paragraph as you ca n't tell where the other lines end.Being unable to journal or print has forced me to go back to my other programs . I 'm so sad , this program has such great features it 's a shame not to use it . Hopefully , they will develop a patch that will correct the printing problem and journaling design flaw so that they will truly have the best scrapbook program out there ... that works , anyway .
 I was given this software as a freebie and I find it very very basic . I 'm after something to create digital scrapbook albums for all my digital camera shots and whilst it has some neat little features and can do some good things , it has problems completing the most basic tasks such as creating a triangle from scratch or a square with a pattern if you want to make your own design ... it just can not be done easily . I have created them in Publisher and pasted across but they go all stupid and it has a hard time recognising transparency . Also had same prob as previous reviewer about copying things into this program , I measured something in Publisher to be an inch but pasting it into this software it became miniture.Clipart is very limited and there is no way to import your own clipart unless you copy/paste from another program . Same with backgrounds , very limited ... no way of importing your own collection to use . I expected that their site would have heaps more templates and goodies to download and they have SOME stuff but it is nothing to write home about and the file sizes are huge for just a handful of add-ons . I do n't mind using it but I find it very fiddly and dicky when it comes to completing the most basic task such as making something transparent or just creating an everyday shape like a triangle . I 'd really like to be able to get my hands on some more templates but just ca n't seem to find any apart from the limited addition on their site.Michelle
 I bought this software because the software I was using -LRB- Creative Photo Albums III -RRB- is no longer supported and I was having problems with it on my new computer . My Scrapbook Edition is very difficult to use and I consider myself very computer literate -LRB- I write software for a living -RRB- . I tired to import some clip art from a disk and it came in very tiny . Ok , I can resize it right ? Only if I want it to be very blurry . Creative Photo Albums took the same clip art and resized it great . Another problem
 I should start by saying that I love using software to scrapbook . I 've used Creative Photo Albums for years . However , it 's not available or supported any longer , so I thought I 'd better look for something new.This is the first program I have run into in a long time that is so unintuitive that I actually had to look at the instructions to figure out how to get to the scrapbooking . It starts up with -LRB- extremely limited -RRB- photo editing as the main desktop and I actually exitted the program and restarted it , thinking I had somehow installed the wrong program!So I finally get to the scrapbooking and all of the templates look really gawdy and awful but I 'll load one and give it a try . Only they wo n't load -- it keeps telling me to insert my CD again . The same CD I loaded the software from , only one drive , no tricky mapping and the thing does n't even try to access the drive before shooting out an error message.I paid very little for the Creative Photo Albums software and it was great . I paid a little more for this stuff and it is just useless !
 I just got off the phone with a Hobby Lobby manager who thankfully will allow me to exchange this product , which I 'm going to do first thing tommorow . Words can not express how disappointed I am with this product . I did a lot of research to find a package I liked and several reviews gave this one good marks . The only thing I liked was the photo editing features which were pretty limited . -LRB- I guess you get what you pay for ! -RRB- I agree 100 percent with Software User from Tampa . It is difficult to maneuver around in , prints badly and tech support was pretty unhelpful . In addition , after I installed it one of the features -LRB- paint/clone -RRB- would not work at all , even after I unininstalled and reinstalled . I consider myself a competent , computer literate person , but this system had me pulling my hair out .
 In a nutshell , the software works only on OLD computers . The dongle , required to use the software , does not work on new computers . So , I 'm stuck with a 100 dollar software that is pretty much useless . The seller says it is amazons fault and of course amazon will blame the seller . I will have to think long and hard about using amazon again .
 Map Share IS NOT included in this software . The software consistently routes an incorrect -LRB- much longer -RRB- route near my home . Customer support says it 's a map error -LRB- on a 30 year old MAIN ROAD -RRB- No map share = no fix . Dissatisfied.No returns on open software . No help offered on customer support .
 With very limited device support , little or no customer support , and a premium price , Tom-Tom blew an opportunity to change how consumers view hybrid GPS units.Perhaps , the competition will learn from this and provide the tool we are all looking for .
 This program worked fine for several dozen megabytes then currupt files in preferences brought the whole edifice down , wasting weeks of work . Error reports and diagnostic screens are poor and illogical . Support is coy and irratic . There are many Beta releases with fewer problems .
 This would be a 5-star IDE if not for Metrowerks ' decision to drop Pascal support . That fact was unbeknownst to me when I bought this upgrade , which is now worthless because of my investment in Pascal-based legacy products . Metrowerks was kind enough to send me version 4.0 , however , and promises to re-introduce OS X Pascal support at a later date .
 This stinks !! it has about 2,000 beats that are all the same . A few of them are different , but too much sameness.If you want something really good , you 'll get ejay 4
 If you have been using GoLive version 4 and are upgrading to version 5 because 4 was so unstable , watch out for version 5 ! You may first want to check the Adobe User to User Forum for GoLive on Adobe 's WebSite and look at all of the problems people are having before purchasing this product . This could be a great Web Development tool , however , lack of stability and numerous bugs make this product the equivalent of driving a luxury sports car with no brakes .
 It has been 10 months since GoLive 5 was released with many bugs , oversights and memory/resource problems . Adobe has decided that , unlike Photoshop , Illustrator , LiveMotion and many of the other Adobe applications , GoLive 5 , although the most unstable of all of the Adobe product line , does not warrant a dot release . Adobe must view this as a perfect application or they have no real control over the development team at the company that they purchased GoLive from.Besides the fact that this application will crash often when run along other Adobe apps in a heavy production environment , there are also many annoying bugs and oversights that , while on they &#8217; re own maybe seem minor , together they make GoLive a hair pulling , nail biting , desk pounding nightmare to use in a production environment on a project deadline.A few of the things you will have to deal with when using GoLive are : Application Problems - Frequent crashes and display problems due to poor memory and resource usage . Be prepared to restart your system many times during the day and cleaning up the many Backup files that GoLive leaves behind when it crashes.Color Palette Annoyances &#8211; Again , minor until you combine them with the other problems . The RGB palette does not lock into WebSafe colors . -LRB- unusual for a Web Development Tool -RRB- . So , since you can &#8217; t rely on the sliders you have to type in the values . When you type in the first value and hit TAB to move onto the next RGB value , the cursor disappears . Where it goes , I have no idea . Hit the tab key again , and it comes back . You have to do this little double tap dance every time you enter color values by hand.Template Problems &#8211; GoLive has Stationaries in place of templates . The problem is that the stationary files link things differently than the rest of the site , so in many cases the stationary file shows the broken link icon next to the file name in the Site Window . I spent hours trying to figure out what was broken , only to find out it was GoLive . Also if you accidentally open your Stationary File in Preview mode and save , it looses it &#8217; s links to everything on the page including images . You have to click over to Layout View , let it break and close it without saving . Then you reopen it again it layout view . Make sure you close it in layout view when your done or you will have the same problem next time.Extended Character Problems &#8211; This will be the last one in my review because I could go on ALL DAY !!! Add a special character to your page by hitting ALT plus the number of the special character and the character appears . Switch to preview mode and go back to Layout and you will find a blue box with a question mark has replaced your special character . View it in a Browser and you will see something like & 149 ; in your WebPage text . You have to go into source code and fix the character manually . Then GoLive and browsers will preview correctly , but GoLive will show a blank box in layout view . -LRB- There is a very long workaround to this problem , &#8230; very long !!! -RRB- GoLive would be a great application if it worked . Unfortunately , it does not.No Thanks !
 GoLoive is a great idea , unfortunately this application is not stable enough and has way too many bugs for serious WebDevelopers . Try running it along side Photoshop and you will find your system slowly run out of resources and crash . It completely defeats the purpose of the tight integration between Adobe apps because you ca n't run more than two at a time with out taking down your system.There are so many bugs in this app , it is surprising that it made it to retail . Adobe needs to improve it 's software testing . It has also been over 9 months and Adobe has made no effort to release a patch for the numerous bugs , poor use of system resources and severe memory leaks.If you are a Web Designer that spends 8-12 hours a day in front of your computer like me , expect to reboot at least 3 or 4 times through out the day . And , if you do purchase GoLive . SAVE WITH EVERY CHANGE YOU MAKE TO A PAGE OR YOU WILL BE SORRY !!!!! We have installed this on over 20 graphics workstations , with plenty of RAM and resources , in eight different companies where they do serious Web development work . Not using it for 2 hours every few days on a personal page , serious 10-12 hours of continuos use work and it is a nightmare . We will not make that mistake again . ...
 I wish I had looked at more of the reviews before purchasing this , I was deeply upset with this product and hope others will read these reviews before purchasing . Wish I could give a better software suggestion but I 'm still looking myself .
 I purchased Videowave 5 and am unable to burn mpeg files to CDs . I get a message `` Could n't burn to optical disk '' . No other help . MGI has not replied to repeated emails over a 3 week period and their online registration fails to respond with a registration number . Other users have reported similar problems . Save your money and buy a product that has support .
 I wasted my money on VideoWave 4 and had nothing but problems.It installed fine on Win2000 Professional and hooks to my Sony digital camera OK , but does n't allow me to edit any files.What good is that ? Technical support is awful . The `` help '' that comes with is inadequate and , in some cases , simply wrong.Given the chance to do it over again , I would not have purchased VideoWave 4 .
 I bought Videowave 4 about a month ago and have had alot of problems with it . First of all , it came with no help file ! Click on help and what do u get ? Nothing . The install cd does have a tutorial but it does ` nt get into any details and I just found the tutorial today after doing a re-install to try to cure some bugs . You ca n't actually even find the tutorial through the interface . Glitching ! Oh man , errors , jerky playback of high quality files , and file names do n't seem to stick with their files . So if you buy it , you can edit a video that wo n't playback right but it wo n't matter because you wo n't be able to find the file anyway , and you 'll get crummy tech support ! I followed tech support 's instructions about 5 different times and of course they always try to find something on your end . I do n't know if the other people who reviewed VW4 are insane or just lucky . I have talked to many others with similar experiences . I 'm about to check out edit studio 2.1 by pure motion . Do yourself a favor if you want to buy videowave . Go to their site and check out their forum first . Nothing but problems .
 I bought and upgraded to version 5 ... no go . ` Can not transcode file ' errors . Buggiest program I have bought , no support , no return policy . Lost money . Caveat Emptor
 Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this product.I purchased VideoWave 4 and installed it on my Win2000 PC.It captures video from my Sony camcorder fine , but that 's it.I ca n't edit any files -LRB- not even the sample files that came with the software -RRB- . The icons and menu items for the editing functions never enable themselves -LRB- they stay grayed-out -RRB- and the `` help '' and the skimpy manual have no information on this.I tried to go through a tutorial in the manual and could not get past `` step 2 '' because the menu option would just not become available.The free support online is very , very poor . And I have heard awful stories about the attitude and lack of helpfulness of the expensive pay-per-call support.I am sorry I bought this !
 How 's this product suppose to be a `` entry '' software when I ca n't figure out a damn thing . Would n't locate my camcorder forever , until one fateful day . Once I got some video in I could n't even see my entire video . I had to look at each section like I captured it until I rendered the whole thing for a preview . Might as well finish my movie 7 times over before I get it right . It 's got this cool `` blue screen '' effect that I could put myself over other video . But it kept making me transparent or a color in my cloths or something . ... . I just wish I had that the first go-around . I plan to post my praises of VideoStudio under that product shortly .
 As with all the other reviewers , I have had nothing but problems with MGI . They refuse to admit that there is a problem with their software , they insist that it is my computer . Well , I have VideoWave IIse it works MUCH better . I wasted my $ getting VideoWave 4 . My main problem is with audio sync . If you need to do a LOT of cuts and edits , use IIse , or some other software . Otherwise , the capture works real easy -LRB- FOR NON DV CAMERAS -RRB- . My next purchase will be Ulead VideoSutdio . I hope I have better luck
 I have used the MGI Videowave 2SE for a couple of years and have been really happy with it . I decided to upgrade to the 4 and have had nothing but problems . First of all it is capatible with only a sprinkling of DV cameras . I can get the video on to the computer and edit it , but it wo n't record back on to the DV . I have been able to put it on a cd - but not back on to video . If you look at their support page many people have had the same problem . Their support has been entirely unhelpful . I went out and purchased the Videowave 3 and that has been fine . It seems strange that the older products would be much more compatible with lots of other cameras ! Go get the old product !
 I recently purchase videowave 4.0 . . I own Sony TRV20 digital camcorder . It 's proved to be a waste of money . The software does not support this camcorder . It will not recognize the existent of the camcorder . I have a gateway computer with recommended firewire card said to to 100 % compatible with the software . I spent -LSB- a lot -RSB- in order to have the ability to edit my video on computer . It is proven to be a complete waste thus far . I spent countless of time on mgisoft website in no avail . The company should anticipate this problem and should provide an update downloadable patch . Attempted to contact mgi by phone in no avail -LRB- spend may be . . just wait for the darn human to respond -RRB- . I hope mgisoft read this message . It 's the only way that I might have a chance of getting messages to them .
 I wish there was a zero stars option . In 20 years or computing , this is one of the weakest packages I 've run across . Several features - most notably the `` darkroom '' - simply do n't work . The documentation is only about 30 pages and omits many critical steps . The help file is even worse . No mention anywhere on the packaging that support is fee-based . Customer service stinks -LRB- I used to manage a customer service call center so I know poorly or non-trained customer servce people when I hear them -RRB- . After paying for support , the technician 's answer to my issues was `` Well , I know it works , I 've seen it work , it must be something with your computer '' - of course he had no idea what it could be . To test this , I installed it on another , completely differently configured PC . EXACT SAME PROBLEMS . Do n't waste your money or your time . Reviewers who gave this 5 stars must be shills - nobody could be satisfied with this junk .
 I agree with the other reviewers . I was able to capture video from my camcorder just fine . I was able to create a `` storyline '' by editing from my video and even create a few interesting transitions . But I was completely unable to figure out how to add audio clips to my video , such as music . The manual was completely useless . I thought it cost a lot , but would not waste my money if I knew I could n't create the movies I wanted to . I would be willing to pay more to get a product that works .
 The product appears appealing though simple . Although the documentation and tutorials are skimpy , with enough effort one can figure it out . The problem is it crashes every time I try to save my editing result . And there is no help in producing VCDs . The troubleshooting guide and online help are silent on the problems I am encountering . The company does not respond to email requests and requires payment for telephone help .
 This software appears to have all the bells and whistles necessary to produce high quality videos . However , I have had a high degree of frustration and wasted time with this product . I had to install a second 60GB HD just to produce one video over 8 min . I have also experienced constant snags on my final production whenever I use the dissolve transition . The music editing capabilities are also very limited . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 In a word , this software is TERRIBLE . I 'm using a pretty straightforward Windows 98 system with a 733 MHZ processor . The program has crashed so many times on me that I have simply lost count . The website offers little to no support other than to remove any other video editing software that I have on my system . As ridiculous as this is , I did it , but still with no luck.I can almost accept a program that does n't work from the start . But one that sporadically crashes after you 've spent good time capturing and/or editing video is simply a sign of bad programming . With all the negative press , you think they 'd offer a cheap upgrade to Version 5 . But , no such luck there either.This is one of the very few programs that I have just removed from my system and thrown in the trash . It does not deserve any more of my time . Nor does it deserve any of yours.If I can save even one person from embarking on the same disasterous journey that I have with this useless piece of garbage , then my time writing this review was well spent.I wish I had an alternative solution to suggest , but I am still in search of one myself ...
 After spent over $ 400 upgrading my computer and software . The software does not support sony trv20 . MGI should anticipate this problem and has an downloadable patch available . The software supprt is nonexistent with waiting time on phone last forever and finally , I gave up .
 With so many more up-to-date CDs on the Bible , the Book of Mormon and the Koran , this CD is not worth the investment today , unless searching key words is important to you . There are numerous websites that offer free access to the three books .
 This is a crude application with text files for data .
 The merchant shipped a completely different piece of software do not buy this product . I was very dissappointed .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this crummy little program . Here are some of its many shortcomings
 This product does NOT allow you to transfer the system back-up from one hard-drive to another -LRB- you will get an error message when you try -RRB- . If you buy a Hewlett-Packard burner with this back-up software because you have to replace a bad hard-drive on a lap-top -LRB- as I did -RRB- , you 're in for a very unpleasant surprise . The manufacturer does n't trumpet this limitation , and even the people over at HP tech seemed unaware of it . Brilliant . And , by the way the overall documentation provided by these people really is shameful , even by this industry 's abysmal standards .
 Does not work on Mac OSX 10.6 . Per Scholastic tech support , `` If you have a newer Mac machine with one of the later OS versions -LRB- 10.4 or later -RRB- the game will not work as it was meant to run on an older system . ''
 This is the worst game ever.This is the worst thing we 've created.This is the worst thing we 've done.This is the worst thing the universe has done.This is the worst thing any universe has ever done.Alright , I admit I 'm exaggerating . Still , look up `` Waste '' in the dictionary and you 'll see the artwork on this game 's box.Several good reasons to avoid this game :1 . You ca n't make `` movies , '' but rather `` cartoon shorts . `` 2 . Your `` scenes '' can only be a little more than a minute long .3 . They choose both the characters AND what they say FOR you.What a rip-off . Neither buy nor rent .
 Do not rely on this product for backups . It backs up some files to a zero length file which means you see your file backed up but it is really empty and useless . It also skips files within backups willy nilly . You can backup an entire set of folders and files and think it was succesful . Upon review you find numerous missing folders and file.I have experimented with the configuration extensively but MyPCBackup is a ONE STAR product .
 I do n't own this product but I was sold by the mfr 's website info but thought I 'd better check the product out here before I buy . Well , after reading about the lack of Customer Service response , as well as the loading and opening of software problems , I do n't think I want to buy this product . The version offered here is 4.71 but the mfr has upgrades to v4 .8 . The problem I have with this is later on you may be eligible for an upgrade if you originally purchased the v4 .8 but not for v4 .7 x. I want the latest version possible when I buy . No thanks , I 'll pass on this one .
 This program does not work for all systems . Evidently there is some problems with OEM systems.If you go to their web site and find their forum you will find a they have a solution for XP Professional . It involves modifying the registry . You have to try to follow an animation rather than a step by step guide.My problem is with 2000 Professional . Backup PC will not start.I hope they develop a work around for 2000 Professional and a way to follow it without trying to keep up with the animation .
 ... THE FIRST COPY OF BACKUP MYPC WOULD NOT LOAD . BACKUP MYPC WORKS VERY WELL ON WIN98SE HOWEVER WE HAVE JUST CHANGED OVER TO WIN2000PRO AND IT IS DEFINATLY NO GOOD FOR DISASTER RECOVERY FOR THIS OS . IT TAKES SIX 1.44 FLOPPIES , THE WIN2000 INSTALL DISK AND MY BACKUP SETS TO GET THE SYSTEM UP . THEN THERE WERE ERRORS REPORTED . ACTUALLY IT WOULD BE MUCH EASIER , EXCEPT FOR DATA , TO DO A NEW INSTALL . SINCE THEN WE HAVE USED NORTON GHOST ... REASONABLE PRICE . THIS SOFTWARE IS AWSOME FOR WIN2000 USERS . IT BACKS UP DRIVE TO DRIVE OR DRIVE TO MULTIPLE CDRS ...
 This product does not support true disaster recovery . True disaster recovery is when a HD crashes or a new HD is installed you boot from recovery disks and restore the drive . This program REQUIRES that you have original installition disks on hand ! Norton Ghost is a much better solution .
 I will never buy any item where the seller does not state the version designation .
 I like that this software is very intuitive . You do not need to read long , complicated manuals to start using it - it is all pretty much self-explanatory - and with the backup wizard , which takes you step-by-step , it is even easier.Which is good because I do not rate their manual very highly . It gives little background information . For example , it does not tell you what exactly the difference is between a backup file created with the `` Backup New and Changed Files only / Append '' option , and the `` Backup New and Changed Files only / Overwrite '' option . While it looks pretty straightforward at first glance , it really is n't when you have to decide which route to take.As to their customer support
 A month after I purchased Backup myPC , I bought a top of the line burner , a TDK VeloCD 32X10X40X . This is not a rare model as it is also featured on the shelves at Costco and others as it is among the top-rated burners today.Unfortunately , Backup MyPC 4.71 did n't support it . I waited over six months for an upgrade without being able to back up my system -LRB- I had been told that they came out with new versions quarterly , but that turned out to be untrue -RRB- . When they at last came out with an updated version , I was jolted to find out that this new version also would n't support my top-rated burner . This product has been of no use to me and my patience with them has only continued to put my computer data at risk . Due to their malfeasance , I asked for my money back but they refused . Warning
 I purchased this product to backup my hard drives and provide a disaster recovery solution for my system . My plan was to use Backup MyPC to backup my hard drives to CD/Rs . Imagine my suprise when I started to backup and found that this software can only backup to a single CD/R ! I have over 9 gigs of data , and this software is completely useless ! Who has only 700 megs on a hard drive anymore ? I suppose if you are using a network backup or a tape drive , this would work fine , but if you plan to backup to a CD/R , you are going to be disappointed . I am also extremely disappointed with the technical support and the refusal of the software company -LRB- Stomp Inc. -RRB- to refund my money for this software .
 Stomp 's tech support is non-responsive and unable to resolve a problem I 'm having with Backup MyPC software . Repeated emails to them result in no response or a stupid response - like uninstall and re-install the software . Been there done that , do n't purchase this junk !
 I bought this partly on basis that it uses the Veritas backup software engine , which my company has used successfully for years.So , it installed just fine , but when I go to start it , it throws out a mostly incomprehensible error message about a DLL and refuses to start up.Before writing this review I wrote up a support request through the Stomp software site - will just have to wait and see what response might come back to me .
 If your looking for a product with some customer support , look elsewhere . This product consistently locks up and you have to go the OS 's task list to kill it . When problems are reported to Stomp , they are NEVER answered . Buy a big hard drive and just copy your files to it for backup - this product is useless .
 Here 's my story
 Backup MyPC has real problems with media errors - even when other applications are fine with the particular CD . One result is you ca n't make disaster recovery disks on to floppy disks . It 's not the media , it 's the Backup MyPC software.Now try and do a backup onto CDs - the reason your buy backup software - you can get media errors on the very last disk requiring you to throw away your CD-R disks and start over!Their support site has a long list of things causing `` media error '' problems . One example is apparently they have problems depending on the drivers you use for your IDE controller . They want you to use only Microsoft drivers . How is it all the other backup programs are OK with non-MS drivers ? Do you know if your IDE driver is from Microsoft ? If it 's not , do you want to change it because of this one application?I do not know how many other problems they have and I am not going to find out . I am so glad I downloaded a trial version first!I just do n't understand how this product has gotten such good reviews from PC Magazine and others . Do n't waste your time or risk your valuable data with this sw .
 After reading the preview from PC World I bought BackUpMyPC with a lot of expectations.After downloading it backed up , but yu can not open it.I called several times technical support
 The product is easy to use when everything is working . However , I find that it freezes at least once for each document . This means that the program has to be closed out and restarted , losing everything that has not yet been saved . I have not been able to right click copy files for an e-mail . I have to open the file in Microsoft Word , copy it from there and then paste it to an e-mail . The accents , fonts , and text colors are preserved in this way . Yesterday I lost a paragraph from the Escribien page that was n't saved despite numerous save clicks . It is gone forever . I still use Escribien but am constantly monitoring that I can recover what I have written . If I can find a better Spanish processor I will buy it .
 I bought this software as a download and did n't like it at all . Too clunky and unintuitive . Easier to use a drawing program and templates that come with all labels and can be downloaded for free . ...
 I had this software with my HP Pavillion xt938 computer , it can not do the rewrite job as Direct CD or Easy CD creator does . It does n't format a rw-cd as a floppy disk , everytime I do the write-on for a small file , takes at least 30 sec. , At best , I only can use my cd rewrite as cd write . What a suffer , I do n't have the freedom to transfer my files between computers even though all my computers are made by HP because my other computers do n't read the cd created by RecordNow .
 This is absolutely the worst POS software ever created . I tried this on 2 different state of the art computers and I still have yet to successfully create a simple audio CD . I honestly ca n't believe they have this on the market . By the way they give you 30 days free phone support if you call on your dime . I had to call them to get the software to install . The guy on the line tells me to just delete the problem file and it will work . I asked him if this started my 30 day free phone support . . he said yes ... after that it would still not burn a cd . but makes a lot of frisbys ... I put it on another older pent III 800 MHZ machine . . same error message when installing . . but I knew which file to delete to get it installed ... still it would hang up for 10 min at a time ... just unbelievable ... DONT TOUCH THIS it is total GARBAGE !!!!! btw im an electrical engineer computer expert .
 The 5-star rating entry is obviously put in by the manufacturer of the product . What customer review is going to say `` with a 23 page quick start guide ... '' Well MR MANUFACTUREER that entry has completely turned me off to your product -LRB- and company -RRB- that I was interested in buying .
 It was amazing to find out that the customer service for this product does not exist . I tried calling them 4 times , and could not get anyone on the phone.Therefore , I could not buy the software without any detailed info . on the available features . I wanted to find out if I could rotate the images . I still do n't know the answer and finally bought another product .
 This program works great on the video side . But when the need for music or audio is there it does n't work ! Not even their own sample sounds . Technical support is very nice but wastes your time by having you download patches that do n't work and then offer to send you a new disk . After a week when you call them back asking for the disk , they send you another , but forget to give you the registration number . Once you finally are able to load the new disk , all the audio problems still exist .
 This program came bundled with my firewire card and I thought it was just the SE version that was hanging my computer constantly . WRONG ! I dished out the money to download the upgrade off their website and guess what - my computer still hangs . It works fine when downloading video onto the hard drive from my camera , but it hangs just about every time that I try to render the AVI files into VCD and DVD format MPEGS . Sometimes it hangs right away when it is 3 % done and other times it hangs when it is almost done - > 60 % . I tried many things :1 . Taking off all background processes including virus checker2 . Turning off PC and starting with a fresh & clean boot3 . Downloading all patches and applying them to the software4 . Turning off the screen saver .5 . Defragmenting the HD ... I also contacted the technical staff and I had a reply within a couple of days . Their reply was the following : Could you please try the following steps .1 -RRB- Clean up temp files in c : \ windows \ temp2 -RRB- Uninstall VideoStudio from Control Panel Add/Remove programs3 -RRB- Delete ulead32.ini at c : \ windows \ 4 -RRB- Reinstall VideoStudio again5 -RRB- Install the latest Microsoft Direct X driver which you can downloadfrom Microsoft website.http : / / www.microsoft.com/windows/directx/default.aspThe latest version of DirectX Media : http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/release.asp?releaseid=117716 -RRB- Upgrade your VideoStudio from 6.0 to 6.02 by installing the patchthat you can download from our website : http://www.ulead.com/tech/vs/vs_ftp.htmAfter you do above steps , please re-import video files into UVSVideo Library to re-edit , then re-render the project file . And toavoid the unnecessary conflict , please temporarily turned off allapplications includes anti virus , norton utilities , or the othermemory resident program and the Internet connection etc before you render your project.If you have done these before or problem still persist after followingthe steps , then I would suggest you to scandisk your HDD using Thoroughoption to check for bad cluster , or check your system to your hardwaretechnical support/manufacturer , maybe one of the components is producingheat -LRB- faulty memory or RAMs of diff . brand conflicts , cpu fan stopsVGA card cooling fan stops etc. -RRB- . Well , I tried it and guess what ? Out of over 100 rendering tries , I was able to do 3 total ! I am amazed how this software crashes my PC - XP1600 + , 512MB RAM , MX400 64MB video , 100GB HD , latest directX driver . This is definitely the worst software that I have ever worked with . I believe that a program that can not work with background processes and that you have to go through so many hoops to get it to work < 5 % of the time is just a waste of my time.Don ' t waste your time and spend a little more for something that works . I hope that I have dissuaded anyone from purchasing this product.If you do decide to purchase this product , I wish you good luck and hope you have the time to mess with it .
 I had used Ulead 4.0 for awhile , but when I downloaded the trial version of 6.0 it messed that up , so I went ahead and ordered 6.0 . Since that time I 've not been able to get it to work properly , and it has locked up no matter WHAT I 've tried to do with it . I wrote technical support , and 13 days later have yet to receive a suggestion . Buyer beware.As an addendum , it has now been two months without a response . I received an email after 6 weeks saying I should resubmit my question , and two more weeks have passed without hearing anything back . Might be a good product when it works , but they have the worst customer support I 've ever encountered .
 I downloaded a sample of this product , and was relatively pleased with it . It 's interface is a bit on the klunky side , and takes some time to get the feel for it , but it is relatively easy to figure out . The problem is the customer support . I sent a basic questions -LRB- does the product work with WMA files using Windows XP ? -RRB- , and got the following response - not once , but twice . Do n't buy if you anticipate any need for assistance ... We are very sorry for that your inquiry has not been answered for over 2 weeks since it 's submitted or answered last time . We apologize that we do n't have a quick answer for your problem so far . To avoid the new coming inquiries keep delaying the time for checking your problem , please re-submit the question again by the question form again : ... Please do not reply this email directly . If there 's any new status of your problem , please write it within the form . Thank you very much for your cooperation.By the way , it happens sometimes that the problems might be eliminated by uninstalling and reinstalling the related hardware , AP , or even the Windows system . Your can also try installing Ulead products on other computer to make sure the product or the CD-ROM is fine itself.If somehow you have solved the problem by yourself , please also reply to let us know and share the solution with us . So we might be able to help other users who met the same problem . Your generous will be very much appreciated!Again , we apologize for the late reply and thank you for your patience!Best Regards , ...
 This program came with my firewire set-up , and that should 've been my first hint that it was n't a great program . My first time using it , I was trying to record a 35 minute home movie . After 15 minutes , everything was fine , so I left the room . When I came back , I had an error message that there was n't enough space on the disk -LRB- my hard drive -RRB- . I have an 80G hard drive ! When I tried to record it again , my computer locked up on me . My computer 's a year old , but it still surpasses the minimum requirement for this program . Do n't waste your money , just keep looking . And do n't stop at Easy CD Creator either .
 I installed this software and merged my C
 Product arrived OK . However , would not even begin to run on Windows XP . So was worthless to me . After much research on line , got hold of open source utility that did work for me .
 This was a fantastic product before Symantec bought it from PowerQuest a few years ago . It allowed you to partition drives , resize partitions , and shift partitions up or down to make room for adjacent partitions that need more space . It still does all this on Windows XP but ... . It is not compatible with Vista . And as of today , there is no update for it on the Symantec website . I was more than a little disappointed to discover this . I would have thought that a company like Symantec would have had its act together and not still be selling software that is incompatible with the latest Microsoft operating system , which comes on all the new consumer-level computers.There are at least two other third-party partitioning products that are Vista compatible now -LRB- try searching for `` Paragon '' or `` Acronis '' -RRB- . Your other option is to use the built-in partitioning functionality in Vista -LRB- click on the Start Menu ; right click `` Computer '' ; choose `` Manage '' ; then choose `` Storage '' and `` Disk Management '' -RRB- . However it 's not as user friendly and has only limited resizing options .
 I am an experienced computer user , and I bought this primarily on my previous experince with Symantec products , which had been good . My experience with this product was unfortunately , very poor.First - the product claims to be able to clone your boot partition , but this failed repeatedly , creating cloned partitions which were not bootable.Second - Tech support failed to provide an answer for days while I eventually figured out myself that I needed to use the bootable media to make a clone of my system disk - something the windows application was happy to try and fail at without warning . Even when I attempted to provide this information to tech support so they could answer similar questions for others , they did n't get what I was saying and sent me another form letter response detailing how to make a copy -LRB- instructions which failed of course -RRB- . Third - On another occasion , even using the bootable media , I got the error `` 1517 '' when attempting to clone by boot partition . Searching the web revealed others having this problem , and Symantec tech support full of bogus solutions for it.Fourth - no support for USB/Firewire drives with the bootable media.On the plus side - it did resize partitions I asked it to without trouble -LRB- I give it one extra star for something working -RRB- .
 I have 2 PCs , one with Windows ME and one with XP . I wanted to have both OSs on these machines . The addition of Windows XP to the ME machine worked well . But adding Windows ME to the XP machine crashed my system unrecoverably . Make sure you backup your hard drive before attempting what I did using Partition Magic .
 True , we have all been aware for years about the hazards of using Norton Products . They will suck the life out of your system . Well , after reading the reviews I decided to try it . Major DISASTOR . It promtly crashed my `` D '' drvie . Fortunatley I back-up to two external hard drives so I did n't lose any data . Use `` Partition Magic at Your Own Risk . ''
 Symantec Support is a joke . Symantec site is no help , but at least they are consistant , so your level of expectation is 360 below zero before you dial the phone . I service a lot of computers for customers and for years now , one of the first things I do is remove any application -LRB- s -RRB- written by a company starting with the letters syman ...
 badly made and no warnings of totally catastrophic results from simple moves.Stay away from this product
 There 's an open source program called GPartED , or Gnome Partition Editor . It 's under the GNU General Public License version 3 , which means it 's absolutely free and legal to download and/or distribute.It will do NTFS and FAT32 so there is no reason to pay good money for this `` Partition Magic '' trash .
 When PartitionMagic was produced by Powerquest , it was a great product . We used it all the time at work . But , ever since Norton took it over , it is not the same . I can not get it to work on a drive with partitions orginally created by the MS operating system -LRB- XP Pro in this case -RRB- . It knows they are there , but it will not work with them . It wants a total reinitialization of the drive . I switched to Acronis Disk Director which does the same stuff for less money , and it works with existing partitions!I can not recommend Norton 's PartitionMagic . It may work if you are building a totally new drive , but it wo n't work with an existing drive . I returned it and bought Acronis . I am much happier now .
 I had used PartitionMagic 6.0 with no problem , now I needed 8.0 to be able to work with Linux ext3 partitions . So I reduced my XP partition , made some Linux partitions , installed Fedora Core 1 , and rebooted . Now there is a Fedora bug , where XP wo n't boot , and sure enough I have the Fedora bug . So now I try and check my partition table . This is not what you should do , by the way ! Fedora sets the number of heads incorrectly in the partition table , and apparently standard tools ca n't fix this . Which turned out to be the case ! PartitionMagic said `` There 's a problem , should I fix it ? '' Yes , I said . Now the recovery partition crashes when I try and boot it . Run PartitionMagic again , now the whole partition table is corrupted , I ca n't see any partitions at all ! My disk is now called `` ERRxxx . '' I ca n't delete partitions , create , nothing works . So I start over completely , wipe out my whole disk , reinstall Windows and Linux , fine , now I want to make some more partitions , but I ca n't ! PartitionMagic says there 's free space , but it gets an error making new partitions , no matter what I select . So I make the new partitions with Linux , and Partition Magic says its still free space ! It 's not , I used all the free space for the new partitions.Sigh . I think more work needs to be done on this product , * especially * put in a way to make an undo disk , or a way to undo the last set of changes , after my first change to the partition table , I wanted to go back , but this was impossible.I also booted the recovery disks , and there was just the same options as if I booted the CD , why make recovery disks ? There is no restore option on them that I could find , either.Partition programs should be reliable , and they should be able to work with partitions they created , and they should understand the partition table if Linux does , and they should be able to fix the table , if it 's messed up . And I should be able to undo any changes !
 I 've had trouble with Symantec products before , so I was hesitant to take the plunge with the Symantec version of Partition Magic . But I needed to do some surgery on my laptop 's hard drive and I figured PM would do it . I was wrong ; the money I spent on this product was wasted.Similar to another reviewer , I had a dual-boot machine , with Win XP and Mandrake Linux . I suspect that the Mandrake partition tool created some problems in the partition table , but I thought the whole point of a tool like Partition Magic was to fix these . I was already resigned to wiping my disk and reinstalling the OS , but all Partition Magic would do was to report an error . Tech support at Symantec told me to `` boot DOS and run FDISK . '' Why ca n't PM , whose sole purpose is to manage partitions , recreate a partition table for me?If your system is up and running , then this tool may help you manage your partitions . But if you are starting from scratch , then PM does nothing .
 I remember Powerquest Partition Magic 2.0 , back in the days when it was released as an OS/2 * and * MS-DOS utility you could boot and use from a set of two diskettes . I got hands-on experience with Partition Magic up to version 7 , in my view their `` last good '' version -LRB- the best was version 3.0 -RRB- . Slowly they started dropping features over time , like HPFS file system support , for no apparent reason -LRB- hey
 Warning ! I resized my partition and when it restarted my computed could not boot . It destroyed my system and I had to format my whole drive.Read all the reviews from this program carefully . I read them but did not believe them .
 I purchased Partition Magic 8.0 based on my previous experience with Symantec virus protection and firewall products.I am sorry that I did this as the level of support provided for this product is vastly inferior to that provided by Symantec for other products that I have purchased from them . All I wanted was to increase the size of my system partition on my C
 The recent purchase of this program was terribly disappointing . My husband and I have used PartitionMagic since it was owned by Power Quest and it worked miracles and kept us from having to reformat disks and reinstalling software . The company was bought out by Symantec/Norton in 2003 and from online blogs , it seems that Symantec is n't maintaining it . Too bad , because this was nifty patented technology . It appears that it works for Windows XP SP2 and before , because it was installed on my husband 's computer before SP3 came out last year and it still works . It wo n't install on my new computer with WIN XP SP3 , locking up and giving arcane error messages . For anyone considering buying this program , it also wo n't work with Vista -LRB- the box does n't list Vista as an compatible OS , so this is n't surprising -RRB- . So , the question is , how many of us using WIN XP have n't updated it with SP3 considering that this SP had security enhancements ? Another good program bites the dust after being bought out by a larger company who does n't `` get '' it ...
 Purchased and installed program and immediately received error message . If I had researched this product first I never would have purchased . Apparently this error message is a program defect that is well blogged on at several Internet sites discussing same problem without resolution . I went to product website which charges $ 10 per issue to attempt resolution . Ultimately , returned product -LRB- hopefully will get credit -RRB- and removed program from computer . Rated 1 star because could not go lower .
 I have used Norton antivirus and got a virus.I used Partition Magic and it ruined my hard drive.I will not buy their junk again .
 I bought this product because of the positive reviews Sony Vaio users gave it below . DO N'T BELIEVE IT . While I 'm not a PC expert , I 'm also not a novice . I 've been supporting three machines on my own for my business for 10 years . I purchased Partition Tragic yesterday and after hours of struggling with it , it wiped out my hard drive . Here 's my advice . If you need to repartition a drive , look up `` computer repair '' at Consumer Checkbook -LRB- my favorite -RRB- or AngiesList , pick the best shop on the list , and let them do it . You 'll wind up saving money and tons of heartache . Oh , by the way , I tried to use freeware like Partition Logic first and ran into all sorts of issues . Save yourself the trouble . Pay someone good to do it .
 For some unknown reason , my Acer Laptop came with the hard drive partitioned into two drives of 25 gigs each . C drive maxed out at 25gig while D drive was empty . Partition Magic made it easy to move the partition and free up the C drive.partition magic does a lot more , but I have n't needed the rest .
 The box claims that the product will convert partitions on USB 2.0 drives up to 300GB . That appears to be untrue . The box also claims `` Award-Winning Support '' . Given the complete inability to solve or even diagnose the problem on 2 different occasions , I wonder just what kind of award they won . Least capable ? Most downsized?Here 's the chat transcript . You be the judge.Vijay
 This is the absolute worst piece of software I have ever bought.I wanted to merge 2 partitions on the same drive , so I bought this software . After installing it , I ran the utility , and when my computer rebooted I got `` Error 1520
 Be cautious using this product . I bought it becuase I needed to make my C
 Partition magic came out around 2000 as PowerQuest Partition Magic 6.0 . In 2002 it was updated by PowerQuest to Version 8 but has not been updated since . It still looks and acts like the original version which means that it works sometimes , for certain drives . There is an update to version 8.01 that came about 4 years ago but it fails with Error ' 1628 , Failed to complete Installation ' . I have not found any info on how to get past that error.I have built and repaired computers for many years and have used this product for 4 years , and version 6 since 2000 . Sometimes it works fine if your partition is in perfect condition . But quite often , it will not work and it just stops with one of a thousand possible errors . This includes drives and partitions that work perfectly and exhibit no symptoms of any kind . You try to copy the drive and the program errors out and stops . Usually there is no solution.Look up `` Partition Magic '' error on Google , . there are about 1,200,000 results showing all the problems such as error number :301 The file could not be opened302 The file could not be closed311 Unable to set the file attributes1123 Too many references in table1526 Directory entry too long1532 Too few clusters1533 Too many clusters1534 Cluster not allocated1535 External attribute list wrong length1536 Nonresident attribute too short1537 File number greater than 4 billion1538 Ca n't find contiguous space to move1619 Bad pointer in security descriptor1652 Bad entry in external attribute list1685 Multiple long names or links2021 Data in the disk is not aligned as expected2023 Data on the partition is preventing the operationThere are thousands more and often when it says it finished ok , you still end up with a drive that wo n't boot with no explanation why . I have certainly spent considerable time trying to get this product to work and I 'd say it does work about 60 % of the time.Runnng Chkdsk / f several times will solve some errors . I backup partitions almost every week including FAT16 , FAT32 , and NTFS partition both old and new that are all running fine with no bad sectors and chkdsk says they are fine . But , at least 40 % of the time Partition Magic -LRB- and it 's partner Drive Image -RRB- just ca n't do it.There are some excellent , free , Linux boot CD based utilities such as GPartedLive boot CD that work fine for most tasks including working on Windows drives . On the contrary , Partition Magic has limited support for Linux and seems unable to do even the most tasks on Unix or Linux.It also appears to do some non-standard operations on Windows disks that you will find out about when you try to run other disk utilities.By the way , be sure to never add a DDO -LRB- Dynamic Drive Overlay -RRB- to your disk unless you absolutely have to . That 's how drive manufacturers tried to get older mainboards to recognize large disks by adding a boot sector program or overlay . Once that 's installed your repair and recovery options are very limited . Nothing else can access the disk if it ca n't boot up by itself . That 's bad . So do n't use the disks that come with a new hard drive unless you read all the options carefully . Mainly do n't load an overlay program , you do n't need it and it will do non-standard things to your drive without much warning . Use the standard Windows/etc tools to setup your drive.Partition Magic 8 has some good points.It has a clear graphical interface and is easy to use.It starts fast and gives a warning before committing changes to your drive.It handles FAT16 , FAT32 and NTFS partitions from NT , 2000 and XP -LRB- each has a different NTFS version -RRB- . And it includes the ability to make bootable floppies so you can access the main program that way.If your partition has any hidden issues , or seemingly none at all , the program will fail and you will have to find another program to copy the drive . Their `` solution '' is to backup all your data , repartition and format your drive , re-install Windows and all your programs and then try their program again . Nice solution . 5 years ago , Partition Magic was updated regularly when it was maintained by the developer , PowerQuest . Then Symantec bought it and they appear to have no interest in supporting or updating products they acquire through business transactions . The bottom line is if you can get this really cheap after rebate then give it a try , it will work for most cases . But it 's too outdated and fussy for regular use when you have a job to do.There are much better products out there including those with far more features that can backup drives in realtime as you are using them , they can make a compressed image of a drive or partition for later recovery including small incremental backups , and they can backup a drive over the network or to CD/DVD , etc. . Even some free programs can do that but Partition Magic ca n't do any of that .
 I upgraded to 8.0.5 , needing to do some maintenence on my boot drive , so I tried to boot from the PM floppies , but PM would n't run from floppy with an error 91 . Going to the web site , I find that Symantec charges $ 30 for a tech support phone call !
 I have been a fan of PartitionMagic from way back , and purchased 8.0 for a minor repartitioning of my Windows XT Pro drive . What a disaster - after several errors -LRB- my system was NOT complicated -RRB- , i was barely able to get my system working again -LRB- i did this a few weeks ago so the details are fuzzy -RRB- . Now i am stuck with a mysterious temp ~ 1 directory on one of my partitions that can not be read or deleted and appears to be consuming more disk space as i delete files - looks like i 'll need to somehow re-build that partition this weekend . Stay with 7.0 ? That 's the last one that worked flawlessly for me ... I am a lowly user and am not connected with a competitor .
 Summary : * Will not expand partition on prepartition hard drive on Sony Vaio * Can not undo process after the product stops at step 3 of 3 , with various error codes . -LRB- They should do the checks first , then start the process , do n't complete steps 1 and 2 of 3 , only to stop at step 3 of 3 and leave your hard drive in `` partial-complete '' state . * Will cost you 50 % of your refund with Amazon -LRB- Amazon 's return policy on opened software -RRB- * Do n't use Amazon 's prepaid return label . They will charge you $ 4.98 to return item to them ; you 'll save 50 % by returning it with own postage.There are 2 reasons why I would not recommend this product
 I got this product because I like the graphical user interface , and find that it works quite well . I have been a customer ever since version 3.0 -LRB- back in the days of OS/2 , multiple DOS operating systems , UnixWare , NeXTSTEP -RRB- . With this one , I notice some minor glitches , because I had some removable media drives -LRB- 7-in-1 USB card reader -RRB- , I got errors . After rebooting , everything was fine . However , what annoys is that the product refuses to function once you install some Windows server type of OS.I use a variety of OSes for software development and web development . I may be using Linux one moment , Windows XP another moment , or Windows 2003 . However , I found that the product REFUSES to work at all with Windows 2003 installed on any partition . The software checks for it , and then refuses to install or operate . I think this artificial limitation is wholly unethical , as they want you to buy another more expensive product called ServerMagic.Because of this programmed limitation , I will look into alternatives .
 I have to qualify this review by saying that I do not own PM 8.0 , so I can not fairly give a rating , despite overwhelmingly negative reviews . I can only relate personal experience with Norton/Symantec products . I do own and have used PM 6.0 since '01 when it was still Powerquest instead of Norton/Symantec and it has worked very well , though the GUI is a bit quirky . I have run it with 2 drives , one with 98SE and XP Pro , with PM loaded on 98SE partition and it did everything I needed on both drives . Trouble is , version 5.0 is , AFAIK , not compatible with XP and since M$ no longer supports 98SE , we have a problem , Houston . Currently I am using a mobile drive bay to switch drives as needed . If I get a drive partitioning software product compatible with XP , it most assuredly WILL NOT BE ANYTHING PRODUCED BY NORTON/SYMANTEC , based on these reviews and personal experience with Norton/Symantec products . I first bought a computer in '98 and used Norton Antivirus 5.0 . At that time , Norton was probably the best antivirus product out there . It worked flawlessly and I used and recommended it for years . NO MORE . I purchased a copy of Symantec System Works 2005 right after it was released . Long story short , I no longer use Norton products because I got tired of the system crashes and stability issues caused by the unstable bloatware and system resource hog that it has become , and am currently using a competing product that is very highly rated but is not common on the shelves of the big box stores . There is one lone Symantec product I still use -- Windoctor , which is not installed on my ` puter but ran from the CD as needed . Adios , anything else produced by Norton/Symantec . It ai n't worth the headaches when there are much better products available for less coin .
 I used the Omnipro 10 and found it often shut-down in the middle of performing OCR and would n't keep the zones in a templet I had saved to read the same documents and capture specific bits of data . Otherwise the toolbars are well thought-out and the windows easy to move around . The help could be a little more extensive most times I found I had to go to the website for any help beyond the obvious , `` Is your scanner turned on ? '' . For document and data capture I recommend looking around first .
 Macromedia has replaced the numberd product lines with the MX Series . Dreamweaver MX replaces this bundle , why buy outdated software look for dreamwaever MX .
 I found the graphics choopy , the Karts annoying to control , and the tracks boring . The kids and I love Kart games . We still play Mario Kart on Nintendo 64 and a Mickey Mouse racing game . Not to mention , we play CTR on Playstation and have a lot of fun with that . On all those games the Karts are cute , the tracks are fun , and so are the items . Ca n't say the same for this game .
 Eternal , unending shame on the people who made this game . Jim Davis ought to be more careful when licensing out his most famous creation . It might make him a bit of money but fans deserve more.This Garfield game has the fat cat left alone in the house and having to clean up a huge mess . It sounds simple and childish and kinda like a game a little kid would play , but it stinks to high heaven . Do not buy this game for your kids , it will torment them into really bad moods and end with smashed monitors.First of all the voice-acting is terrible . Whoever this guy is voicing Garfield he ai n't nuthin ' like Lorenzo Music . The pathetic graphics are disgusting . The controls and mucked up and constantly reverse themselves for no reason , causing you to run around in circles . The gameplay is the poorest I 've ever come across and there are flaws up the wazoo.It would be criminal to own this game , never mind paying for it . Do n't be fooled by the pretty cover , stay a hundred miles away from this game at all times.Graphics FSound FGameplay FLasting Appeal F
 Mandrake has died . There 's Mandriva instead . This is from 2003 , horribly outdated , glitchy , and will not work on modern hardware .
 The sound quality and pronunciation are good . But , the program locks up easily and is poorly organized . I would not recommend it .
 I 'm not normally one to rant , but this software is simply and truly terrible . The discs include one 470 MB executable - I do n't know what they were thinking - which takes even my brand new , state of the art Dell forever to load.The interface is terrible , random , and confusing . There is no help in getting started - no printed manual - and little rhyme or reason to what 's going on.Stay away at all cost ! Garbage !
 DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK SOFTWARE ! Sorry ... there 's no way around it . I have to start there . And that 's the best part of my review . This is without a doubt , the buggiest `` software '' -LRB- I use that term in quotes since real software , um ... let 's see ... WORKS -RRB- . The customer service is the absolute worst . They want to charge you money to tech in their awful software . The MYSQL interface burns every living thing in its path . My 9 year old nephew could write better code . Let 's recap
 What a nightmare this product is . I ca n't believe Sage released this . If I could give it negative 5 stars I would . DO NOT BUY THIS !! My computer runs slower than it did with 6.0 . When we converted the data from 6.0 -LRB- on it 's own , this is a special brand of hell -RRB- , it did n't bring over both phone numbers for contacts !!! THIS IS A CONTACT DATABASE ! YOU NEED YOUR CONTACT PHONE NUMBERS ! Getting the database set up on our server took hours and hours of time on the phone with the tech helpline . Even they had trouble.In 6.0 , you could cut and paste items into the history and notes tab and then edit them . When you paste into the tabs now , it 's treated as a picture and ca n't be edited . 2007 did n't convert over our print templates and we had to build them by hand . NIGHTMARE!DO NOT , DO NOT , DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 It actually deserves no stars . Our company , an American multinational corporation , bought this product for one of our departments in Brazil and never received valid installation codes in order to make it work . After a 30 day trial and training of all our users , we had to stop all work because the reseller for Latin America did n't offer any help and the developer showed no interest in hearing our complaints . This treatment for a product paid in full 15 days before the expiration of the trial period . Be prepared to face tremendous problems if you need support . Our last opinion is
 My company purchased this software as an upgrade from Act 6.0 . That version was buggy , but this one is completely unusable . After four months and countless hours and dollars of trying to get just minimal functionality out of it , we are giving up on this software and replacing it . What a waste!Workstations run much slower with this software installed -LRB- memory upgrades did not help -RRB- . When we checked into the problem with the vendor , we were told it is a `` known issue '' and there is no estimated date for a patch . The database itself runs so slowly -LRB- on a brand-new laptop with tons of memory -RRB- that it 's basically impossible to use it for its intended purpose . If I get a call from a client , I can forget looking up the client and taking notes while talking to him . The phone call will be over by the time the lookup is completed . Even for a basic phone number lookup , by the time I get the number I have often forgotten why I needed to call someone.Don ' t need lookups to be fast ? Never fear , this product has lots of other ways to make you miserable . Doing a mail merge is always a thrill - will it crash my system this time ? Synchronizing among multiple copies of a database ? Do n't expect your templates to synchronize every time . If you do n't sync often enough , reminders pop up every 5 minutes ; if you do n't notice the reminder and hit `` OK '' soon enough -LRB- or synchronize , which takes forever even over a high-speed network -RRB- , your entire laptop or workstation will grind to a complete halt.I cringe when I realize I have to open Act ! to get something done . I never use it if I have any alternative . I am pretty tolerant of buggy software ; nothing 's perfect and the older versions of Act ! were nothing special . But I am truly shocked that Sage let this mess onto the market in such a condition.Do yourself a huge favor ; if you are considering buying this product , buy anything else . It could not possibly be worse than Act ! by Sage Premium for Workgroups . This is one piece of software that definitely needs that `` not responsible for collateral damage '' in the user agreement .
 Basic virus protection which is hard , at best , to get updates . Virus protection is better the more you spend . I had 3 virus ' down my system with this product on it.Don ' t waste your time here ...
 This software would not work , even tried unistalling and reinstalling it , much of the problem I have is that there is no instructions in print , on the disc or on line , on how to use the product . As the software would not work I tried to contact Tech support -LRB- only way is online -RRB- I completed the request support form , no reply , I used the online forum and even sent a separate e-mail directly to tech support , no reply . Take my advice pick a different product .
 The box lists `` easy 123 '' . I 'm a computer programmer and this is NOT easy 123 . After you install -LRB- we bought the `` Gold '' version -RRB- , there is no apparent way to convert to mpeg4 . I happen to look under start , program files , and there was a 2nd option under my `` gold '' software -LRB- in other words , the choices are not integrated ! -RRB- . So I click the moves2portable , expecting more software to pop up , but it begins to download a software update ! I knew what to do but the average user would not . Finally it has the right conversion options but you have to go to settings first and select ipod . This causes the software to stop and restart . This is crazy user interface stuff . Finally , I convert a movie -LRB- under the tuscan sun -RRB- , put it on my ipod , the sound is great , the video is great , and they are out of sync by a second or more - serious dubs disease ! grrrrrr . I find the settings area where you get to `` guess '' bitrates and sync settings . I go online and find the forum where a tech person has some `` suggestions '' to try . I 'm on my 3rd conversion now . I converted a couple of the smaller preview files with these new suggestions and they look ok , so I 'll see how the movie comes out -LRB- it takes 2-4 hours to convert one movie , so messing with settings and retrying is not a picnic -RRB- . I 'm sure this company is trying to get up to speed on all of these issues , but they have a long way to go ! There is no documentation in the box , and very little online unless you enjoy crawling through forums . The integrated `` Help '' text is a joke . If this last attempt does n't work , its going back .
 i bought this to make backup copies of DVDs that i burned from my TV and though it did copy the disk it made it impossible to use any of the features that my DVD player offers -LRB- like fast forward , rewind , skip chapter , renaming the file , etc -RRB- and the copies seemed to only be the first five minutes or so of the TV show , even though it said on the menu that the whole show was there -LRB- 45 minutes -RRB- . it would play up to a certain point -LRB- like the first chapter of a show -RRB- and then freeze . it would n't return to the menu . it would n't do anything . it just stayed frozen no matter what button i pressed . i had to unplug my DVD player to make it stop . as far as i can tell this product is a worthless waste of money .
 This software is junk ! Save your sanity and PC by avoiding this product . Sure you may be able to rip a few dvds after many hours of uninstalling and re-installing the updates , but believe me , eventually you 'll come to realize that other programs are now having problems and the only way to correct the situation is by re-installing your entire operating system ! Like just about every other dvd copying program out there , this one is full of bugs and is nowhere near ready to be sold to the public .
 Should have read the reviews first - saw it on sale at Office Depot for $ 20 . I wanted it for the ability to convert DVD to different formats such as mp4 or wmv . Does not work at all - error message pops up every time I tried to convert and the program shuts down . Do not waste your time on this piece of carp !
 This is the worse software ever . I only wanted to copy a family video to another dvd . No user support , no online or printed help . The box it came in is more useful . I had to rate it one star but it was not even worth that rating .
 Useless product . I 've tried it on two different computers without any luck . It wo n't copy any of the DVD 's that I tried . Wasted 5 DVD + R DL media so far . I 've talked to support services and they were useless .
 I rip DVDs on my PC so I can watch movies on the airplane . This software takes a long time , and requires multiple steps -LRB- first about an hour to pre-process a file , then select output format then another hour or so to convert -RRB- instead of one click - so no overnight copy/convert process . It did create output files - one in DVD copy format , and another in MPEG format -LRB- I had to try different methods since the first one did not work -RRB- - neither worked . My PC was unable to play neither file - about 3 hours I will never get back . I am returning it .
 I bought this software after reading reviews about how it was easy to use . I did n't need a program with all the bells and whistles just something to copy dvds and convert them . well it copied and dvd that i had just fine and in a timely matter so then i decided to convert the dvd to a mpeg4 or wmv , as soon as i hit the convert button a box popped up `` unkown error code 1 '' so i tried it a few more times and then deciced to contact customer support . This is when the real problem started . I filled out the online support form and stated my problem , it asked what error code i was recieveing and the one i had was n't listed , the next day i recieved a response asking me all the same questions , what version i had , what error code and what model dvd burner , so i answered again and then recieved an email about burning , anyway i stated i could burn dvds but i really needed to convert the dvd to a file i could email and that the program would not let me convert , their response was '' the file would be to big to email '' HELLO ... It wo n't convert to a file period . There is no phone number to call and there is no 24/7 support . i get one email a day and no response on weekends . it has been almost a week since my problem started and i still have not gotten anywhere and of course you ca n't return opened software . Go buy Roxio at least you know it works and has good support , it 's worth the few extra dollars
 There are not enought words in the human language to discribe how bad this software is . DO N'T Buy !
 I 've tried several of the free downloads of DVD copying software until one of them infected my laptop with 19 Trojan viruses . After doing a fix , I vowed never to download this stuff again and go ahead and pay the 50 bucks for the real stuff , and boy , did I pick a loser . Nothing worked . 123 DVD Copy Gold not only does n't copy and burn DVDs , it does n't even burn DVD files stored on my external hard drive . I emailed the company , describing the problems I was having , and never received a reply . I tried everything , disabling my firewall , uninstalling/reinstalling , etc , to no avail . I plan on buying 1 Click DVD next , as their reviews and ratings are very good to excellent . Do n't fall for this junk . Save your money and look for something else .
 two words sums up everything TERRIBLE PRODUCT ! I highly suggest not using or wasting your money on this . If I could give it 0 stars I would .
 First of all , there are NO instructions anywhere on how to use this product . No matter how hard you try , with any DVD , copied from any other source , you will constantly hit a wall that says there is an error and you will not be able to duplicate a DVD . This is an absolute nightmare of incompetence and an out and out con . Look at the ratings for this product and DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I bought 123 DVDCopy Gold , and found it to be a complete waste of money . It simply does not work well , period . Very hard to use , very slow . Do yourself a favor , get the free download of DVD Fab Decrypter , it will copy DVDs many times faster.I could not copy DVDs I 'd made from television shows . And the software claims to have the ability to make vidcaps or wall paper from a scene from a movie . I tried it -- very , very difficult to navigate your way to the scene you want unless you pretty much want to watch the whole movie and do a video capture when you get to the scene of interest.Very disappointed with this product , a true waste of money . I will continue to use the free Fab Decrypter download -LRB- it is a stripped-down version of their full product -RRB- , and I will not bother with this piece of junk anymore .
 I learned my lesson the hard way with this software . From now on I will read the reviews before I purchase any software of this nature . I spent $ 50 on 123 Copy DVD old 2010 to create backup for my DVD 's and then spent all day trying to figure the software out . No directions , nothing to help out whatsoever . Tried going to 123 website and that did n't work either . The tutorial would n't work , the online tech support would not submit , there is no number to call ... . nothing . Save yourself the headache and find something better .
 I was impress by the number of devices it supported however little did I know that it only creates like three different formats AVI , MPG4 and something else . On top of that the software takes the illusion father by allowing you to select the device you will be using instead of the format desired , what a joke . Do n't waste your money
 I 'd highly recommend staying clear of the software . We soon discovered that the success rate of the product was only about 50 % after trying to copy several of our own DVD 's . We get problems like the software freezing up in the middle of copying , `` successful copies '' with incomplete content , and some copies that just wo n't display anything at all.So we sent an email to the main website for the product to request for assistance . After following their instructions from a few response emails , we were STILL unable to make the success rate of our DVD 's increase.So as a little experiment , we tried another DVD copying software called CloneDVD2 . We came across NONE of the errors witnessed with 123 Copy DVD Gold ' 09 . Now that we had found a reliable software , we contacted 123 Copy DVD 's website to demand a refund for their faulty software . The front of the box clearly states a `` 100 % SATISFACTION GUARANTEED '' policy . It 's been over a week and we 've yet to hear any response.Do yourself a favor and stay clear of this item . It 'll only waste your money and cause frustration .
 I can only echo the dismal opinions of most of the reviewers of this product . It might be the slowest copying software that I have ever seen , barely running at 1.5 times the speed of a movie . With the dismal write speed combined with the pathetic read speed , you need about four hours to copy a three hour movie . It does make a decent frisbee for the dog , or coaster . Avoid like the plague . If you try to talk to customer support , well , you 'll wish you had n't . Written by a person with no real expertise in DVD software .
 I just purchased 123 Gold and I still have yet to get this P.O.S. -LRB- Piece of Software to be nice -RRB- to work . It appears it is a hit and miss on which computers it will work on . Even with all the suggested work arounds from the delayed emails you get from 123 prove to be ineffective . I give it two thumbs down with a shovel to start digging with.I am tired of 123 's run arounds and consider my investment a loss . Save your money and go buy some cotton candy at the fair . At least you will have a little enjoyment and forgo all the frustration . -LRB- However I do have to admit Fido now has a new Frisbee to play with . -RRB-
 This might be the worst software I 've ever used . I was foolish enought to buy it twice . The first time I did it worked great for about two weeks and then it went on the blink . I tried to uninstall and re-install but with no luck . A year or so later I bough it again and this time it would not work out of the book . Want to try customer support help , you can forget it . This is a awful product and the company needs to stop putting it on the market . Everone who has ever used this product need to let folks know not to buy it . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!
 Wo n't even burn a video that you have saved in a file . Save your money . fyi
 I purchased this recently at best buy as I figured an in store boxed item would be a little more reliable then the numerous online sources . I could n't have been more wrong.I had little problem installing the software but the video quality is beyond horrible.I bought this for the sole purpose of transferring DVD 's I own to MP4 format for watching on my iPad2 while traveling . The video quality is horrible . Save your money . Do Not Buy !!!
 My son tried this product first and gave-up . He just claimed it was junk and that it directed him to download other items , which he did not want to do . I gave it a try and spent a whole afternoon trying to copy DVD movies onto my computer so that I could then copy it onto my Ipod , as it did not want to copy it directly onto the Ipod . The movies copied onto my computer , but in chapters and several movies would all combine into one folder . After about five hours I decided to look on the internet for information and could not find anything that was helpful . I was about to try again , but came upon this site and have read everyone 's comments . I totally agree that this software is a waste of money and time . I would never buy this product had I known how difficult it is to use . I have not even been able to copy one movie . I am not a techie , but I do use the computer frequently and know more than just the basics . You are just wasting your money if you buy this !!!! I would rate this no stars ! Zero .
 I bought this program to back up some movies I own and I quickly found out it barely works . I have only been able to back up a few small amount of movies . Most it can not crack the copy protection . i have found my old trusty reliable Ripit4me -LRB- free -RRB- with DVD decrypter far more reliable . I can not recommend this software . It is crap .
 I bought this @ 0ffice Depot ... good thing . They took it back . It will copy the Movie just fine but not the DVD . Does n't know how to start , where to start , or the difference between menu & movie . Wo n't convert movie to any format , stalls or has error .
 I wish I were able to give -5 stars . No not waste money or time on this useless product . Will not work and support is non-exist . No phone number , only a `` we will get back to you '' website . Sent 3 messages , no word back . Beware , if you buy junk software and open the package , you can not return it . $ 50 down the drain .
 This product is a total waste of money ! It does not work most of the time and support is a joke ! if you have money to throw away , buy it , otherwise find something that will work !!! I can not download videos with this junk software !!! I rated it with one star only because half a star is n't available !!!!!
 I have been using this software to create video files from my owned videos to my Zune . Apparently , Acorn media stuff will not work . I have tried downloading the entire disk then converting also , but still no luck . I have found some work arounds in a few cases , but never with Acorn media items . Despite the problems , I have been able to create several video files and put them on the Zune as long as they were not Acorn . Still , it is very time consuming for someone no too technically oriented -LRB- like me -RRB- . I have several series of new videos I would like to store as Mpeg4 files for travel use , but several of them will not work . By coincidence , they are all Acorn media related items . I never thought to consider who is behind the recorded product before , but now I will avoid anything from Acorn . In summary , I have had a mix of success and frustration , but the frustration seems to lurk at the end of the day ...
 There are many views and many opinions on what can be or not found within the text of the Hebrew Torah . Personally , I have found in 8 years of study in this field , using a variety of code programs , that one must be careful . Careful in the sense that ` codes ' do in fact exist . But like some kind of random quantum computer , the scope of what can be obtained is unlimited and can be misunderstood more easily than is purported . The investigation must be undertaken with one thought firmly understood in your self and mind
 Well , excitedly , I bought the download vrsion and it wo n't install . Any suggetions ? It 's stating that `` WinZip ca n't find C : \ Users \ Tyr \ AppData \ Local \ Microsoft \ Windows \ Temporary Internet Files \ Content.IE5 \ 2VHGLZIH \ BibleCodes.zip . ''
 Do n't waste your money on this . I bought this and I ca n't look up any names or anything and the photo of it is misleading too !
 One of the foundational qualities of the Bible is its clarity -LRB- sometimes called perspicuity -RRB- . That means Scripture 's main teachings are plain enough to be understood without the need of special expertise or church-sanctioned interpretations.The Bible frequently speaks about its own clarity . Psalm 119:130 says , `` The unfolding of Thy words gives light ; it gives understanding to the simple . '' The average person who humbly reads the Bible can say , `` I have more insight than all my teachers , for Thy testimonies are my meditation '' -LRB- Psalm 119:99 -RRB- . Psalm 19:7 teaches , `` The testimony of the Lord is sure , making wise the simple . `` The idea of hidden codes in the Bible contradicts all of that by limiting accessibility to the real message of the Bible to so-called experts who can decipher the cryptic messages God `` hid '' in the Scriptures . But such `` experts '' are n't needed because the Bible contains no hidden codes.One hidden-code theory works like a common word-search puzzle-hidden messages are supposedly embedded diagonally within the Hebrew text . But that 's as foolish as turning your daily newspaper into a word-search puzzle and expecting to find meaningful stories hidden in it . Newspapers are n't written to convey messages in secret code , and neither was the Bible . Both should be read using ordinary rules of language.Of course there are concepts in the Bible that are hard to understand-even the apostle Peter admitted that -LRB- 2 Peter 3:15 -RRB- . But the way to discover the meaning of those hard passages is not by seeking out hidden messages , but by engaging in diligent study that accurately handles the word of truth -LRB- 2 Timothy 2:15 -RRB- . Take heart ! The Bible is clear and even the most untrained reader can understand it . God wants you to understand the Bible , and He has provided the Holy Spirit as a guide -LRB- John 16:13 -RRB- . After all , `` man does not live by bread alone , but ... by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of the LORD '' -LRB- Deuteronomy 8:3 -RRB- .
 I am 3/4 the way through the Classroom in a Book on Adobe GoLive CS . To say that the workbook and the software is NOT user-friendly is a gross understatement . It 's probably easier to read a 1,000 page book on HTML , JAVA , etc. programming that slog through this software . And I have n't even installed it . Complexity does not imply sophistication , at least not in this situation . This is Rube Golberg at its worst . WIth hundreds of pop up windows and subwindows , none of it intuitive , one suspects that the company geeks had fun creating this darling of theirs without considering the consumer.This is definitely not a software for a novice .
 Although this application is filled with handy layout tools , you 'll never get far into a development session without crashing . The magic crash key combination -LRB- maybe it 's an Easter egg ?! -RRB- is CTRL-1 , which is supposed to bring up the Investigator window -LRB- essentially element properties -RRB- . For me , it crashes the program about half the time -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- . Other things like simply typing in a table cell cause crashes as well . Skip this albatross and pick up a copy of Dreamweaver .
 I own both Wordperfect 9 and 11 and find that 9 is superior . Apparently in Wordperfect 11 , Corel revamped the way the software interfaces with printers so all of the features of my printer -LRB- a new model Hewlet Packard Laserjet -RRB- do not work without going through several steps in the page setup . Further , Wordperfect 11 freezes up if one uses the latest printer drivers and only works with older versions of drivers . Plus , I bought the product with the understanding that it automatically converts batches of old wordperfect files . I have many documents in wordperfect 4.2 and 5.1 . However , Wordperfect 11 does not convert batches of old files in 4.2 and 5.1 . Other than above , the software is fine but you may as well stick to version 9 which is fabulous .
 I never received the product . They claim it was shipped and delivered . If it was , it was not to this office . Actually , no stars could rate a product I never received . I most likely will never order again from this site.Sandra zendell
 Through no fault of the seller , WP Office 11 and WP Office Suite 3x and not yet compatible with Windows Vista , at least according to the tech folks at Corel software.I purchased WP Office 11 with Quattro Pro 11 and was very pleased with the seller . The product was as advertised and timely . But it did n't work with Windows Vista ! I know it 's and old program , but I have 5 years of spreadsheets in that format.I also downloaded WP Office 3x trial version and it tries not to work correctly either.Corel Software , are you reading this ?
 I purchased WP Office 11 to upgrade my Corel WP 6.0 . Quattro Pro worked for one week and then I started receiving a runtime error opening program . Corel 's technical support was not helpful - really none . I can use WP with good results but not Quattro Pro . The good news was that the costs was only $ 19.95 . If one is running Vista best not to purchase .
 I have been a fan from Wordperfect since the time of DOS , and have kept upgrading it , because I found it technically superior to its concurrent , and because it was a alternative to the hegemony of Microsoft . However , for the same two reasons , now that Linux has become easy to use and rich in programs , I am leaving Microsoft operating systems . And there lies the problem
 Corel WordPerfect Office 12 Standard -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- It is very old , and unable to verify using Serial # printed on insert . It 's fine to just use for fun , but I am disappointed , as it is not user friendly .
 I purchased this product hoping that Corel would finally have updated critical areas of WordPerfect 's interface , fixed the frequent fatal bugs , and improved its overall performance . Instead , the first thing I noticed was the EXTREMELY slow application launch time of WordPerfect 11 ; its default configuration , makes it a slow overall performer and a huge system resources hog . The next thing I noticed was that various postscript -LRB- Type 1 -RRB- fonts still fail to work with WordPerfect -LRB- e.g. , ITC ZapfDingbats -RRB- ; this has been a major bugaboo since at least version 8 . -LRB- WordPerfect also continues to install its own proprietary fonts , and its overall font handling remains non-standard for Windows platforms . -RRB- I contacted Corel 's technical support , and they confirmed the existence of the bug , AND they do n't know if they 'll get around to fixing it ! The saga continues . I exported various small documents from Lotus Word Pro 9.7 in an effort to get book styles , upon which I rely as an author , into WordPerfect 11 efficiently . These documents import into Microsoft Word XP acceptably . Not so in Corel 's WordPerfect 11 ; the application constantly crashed while I was trying to fix the imported styles . Consequently , I tried saving the documents to WordPerfect 7 format from Lotus Word Pro 9.7 , something that I should have done from the start . -LRB- WordPerfect 's file formats have not changed since version 6 . -RRB- The problem was not quite so bad when opening the WordPerfect 7 version of my Word Pro documents , BUT page margins , particularly in the footnote area , were bizarrely misaligned -- and there was absolutely no way to fix the misalignment . And yes , WordPerfect 11 continued to crash-again and again . Then I tried to create the paragraph styles that I needed manually in a new document . And guess what ? This heavyweight wordprocessor is nearly INCAPABLE of doing certain kinds of basic footnote formats that are easily accomplished within Lotus Word Pro ; additionally , once the formats are more or less achieved , WordPerfect CAN NOT maintain them automatically in additional footnote paragraphs . For example , while I was able to finally , after hours of tinkering , figure out a way to make a hanging indent-style footnote that actually looked great for the first paragraph , as soon as I hit enter to add a second paragraph to the footnote , the left indent was misaligned ! To fix it , I had to insert an indent manually and then a tab at the start of the second paragraph . This should be childs ' play , but WordPerfect 11 makes it a hassle . There are more serious issues . Corel advertises WordPerfect 's real-time preview capabilities . What Corel does n't tell you , however , is that none of the real-time preview capabilities function while editing existing text or paragraph styles ; instead , the user is treated to a Reveal Codes window pane and several other dialogues that are at best cryptic , and very klunky to use . What about WordPerfect 11 's built-in Help system ? Not only has Corel changed WordPerfect 11 's approach to the PerfectExpert , by making it an HTML pane with a few links and forward and back arrows-so that one can no longer enter a language-based query , but Corel 's technical writers have emasculated what was already a pretty poor set of regular help files . Now when one uses Help to try to learn how to do something , much of the time all it displays is a statement or two bragging that WordPerfect 11 can do this and can do that and has this feature and that feature , but guess what ? The Help files DO NOT TELL THE USER HOW TO ACTUALLY DO THOSE THINGS ! Also , the help files lack definitions for common formatting items and terms . For example , what is a `` decimal tab '' ? NOTHING ! I am generally a very strong technical writer . I have been a senior software developer and architect since the 1970s . And last , but certainly not least , I am a long-time user of several heavy-duty wordprocessing applications . I came to Corel 's WordPerfect 11 expecting to find a cutting-edge wordprocessor with robust long-document capabilities . What I have stumbled into instead is perhaps the clunkiest text formatting approach I have ever encountered in ANY wordprocessor . Also , the product remains highly unstable , and to boot , its feature set-with few exceptions -LRB- e.g. , indexing -RRB- - and formatting capabilities are inferior to a little known but vastly easier to use rival-Lotus Word Pro . I do n't use Microsoft Word because it is a basket-case to try to use for any kind of serious long-document work . I was considering giving up my long time use of Lotus Word Pro due to some performance problems of its own when it comes to long-document work . However , before using WordPerfect 11 , I had NO IDEA just HOW GOOD I HAVE HAD IT with Lotus Word Pro ; it not only continues to put Microsoft Word to shame when it comes to usability and often features , but Word Pro makes WordPerfect 11 look like a dinosaur ready to have its bones picked clean by the vultures soaring overhead . I 'd like to see Corel thrive and prosper , but this little piggy just will not fly . Moreover , the changes between WordPerfect 11 and 10 really are relatively minor , as was the case between 10 and 9 . In fact , the stability of 11 is NO BETTER . Corel has had years to update the product . Yet it remains incapable of offering real-time previews where they are needed most-the editing of styles . It 's interface is obscure and difficult to use , making it a time waster . ... Vote with your dollars . ...
 I am here because I ca n't find anywhere else to ask a question.What are the licensing implications of buying a copy of WordPerfect Office 11 from jmurray36 for 49.95 ? This appears to be the same package that normally sells new for $ 249.00 . How come ? What is missing . How can it be sold for this price ?
 The copy that was received was a combination CD with multiple programs on the CD . This particular copy had problems with being slow to pull up files from the network and also slow to print to a network printer.I personally would be reluctant to register this copy with Corel , It just looked like a possible pirated copy .
 I upgraded from WP 8 and , after installing and using WP 11 , I went back to WP 8 . Biggest problem is that the upgrade is not seamless . For example , WP 11 does not fully support Corel Addressbook -- they expect you to use Microsoft Outlook for your addressbook . If you want to continue to use Corel Addressbook , you get a scaled-back version of it which is n't as useful as the Version 8 Addressbook . Also , I had problems with some document conversion issues . On the whole , if I had to do this again , I would not buy this product .
 This program -LRB- my computer came with WordPerfect 11 -RRB- makes even some of the easiest functions hard to use . It looks like MSWord , but a lot things are hard to find and are lacking . My biggest complaint is that you ca n't type Chinese characters on it . Without this , I ca n't do my work . Features such as `` crop '' `` contrast '' and `` word count '' and `` header/footer '' which would have been so easy on MS Word to FIND and CHANGE to my liking are now hidden from me -LRB- navigating is a huge pain ! -RRB- or else is n't even available . I do n't have time to waste trying to find ways to just type accents using the keyboard -LRB- which you can do on MS Word , was n't able to find a way to do that on WPerfect , even though I used the help index -RRB- without having to go to the `` insert symbols '' button on the menu and choosing from there . Overall , although changing and playing around with margins and indentations are easier in WordPerfect than MS Word , it 's still a huge pain to navigate and use . I hate WordPerfect with a passion . WHY did my computer have to come with this ???
 WP 11 's previewer crashes the program every time you try to preview a document created with WP10 or earlier , or if you try to preview an MS Word document.WP 12 is excellent . WP 10 is stable also . WP 11 should never have been shipped with its defective previewer . I was forced to reinstall WP 10 for day-to-day use . I used WP 11 strictly to create PDFs.WP 12 has excellent stability and better functionality than WP11.WP 11 is a defective program . I should be given a refund for the money I spent to buy WP11.Skip 11 and go right to 12 . The WP12 demo is available now , and WP 12 ships later in the month . -LRB- I 've been using WP since 5.0 in 1989 -RRB-
 I used this program in my classroom when I taught kindergarten and first grade . It was a fabulous supplement to our writing curriculum and my students loved it . I now have a kindergartener of my own and wanted to purchase the program for us to use at home . I ordered it from amazon , but actually purchased it from a small vendor on the amazon website . When the software arrived I was shocked . It does not look at all like the disks I have in my classroom it appears to be a fake copy , the disk has no formal cover and the plastic wrap has been hand sealed . I contacted amazon with my concerns about the vendor and they did n't care that a vendor of theirs is selling copies of software . I was told by amazon that I would need to contact the vendor myself . Interestingly enough , from the looks of the package the disk came in I need to contact some guy in Kentucky . Based upon this experience I have lost all faith in amazon as a safe place to purchase on-line .
 Folks !!! You can record your mix but ca n't save them in a useful format . Forget about burning your own CDs , this wo n't cut it . Besides it uses humonguous amount of resources and is very unstable as a result . I would not recommend it .
 All I wanted to do was remix and create songs for my own personal enjoyment . Well , this did n't cut it . Not only is it SO VERY NOT USER FRIENDLY , -LRB- You 'll have to read the manual three times over -RRB- but it , often freezes up , and takes alot of memory -LRB- and you still have to keep the CD-rom in the drive when you start it . -RRB- It comes with two discs , I did n't even get to the second one . After spending a good amount of time remixing one of my favorite tunes , I found that I was unable to save the mix in any kind of useful format . Ca n't exchange the tune , and ca n't burn it to a CD . I often thought how much easier it would be to have a double casette deck . It was a thrifty purchase , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 Warning ... this is NOT , as they imply , a CD -LSB- `` Media
 I have always been happy with Knowledge Adventure Products . This one however disappointed me when I found my child crying because of the attitude one character in the game possesses . When trying to make the pictures for the character Polly 's story , Polly is very rude and disatisfied with my child 's wholehearted attempts . Polly says things like `` What planet are you from ? '' and `` I said draw cow skulls ! '' My child 's cow skulls looked great to me , but Polly was n't impressed and her hurtful attitude made my child feel awful . We discovered that it works if we use the premade stamps of the cow skulls in the picture , but the game should not give the child the opportunity to draw his or her own skulls if that is not the point . Perhaps it was an attempt to be funny , but the bratty attitude of Polly did n't make my child laugh . Computer programs should encourage imagination and self empowerment , not always the round peg in the round hole mentality . I was extremely disappointed in that portion of this game .
 I find it very disappointing that the creators of this product do n't realize that an unspeakably bratty animated character ruins this product . The Jumpstart team is so loaded with technical talent and teaching savvy , but apparently they do n't think that social skills matter , since the whole product is centered around a loud and sassy girl who is bad company for any child . The marketing team at Jumpstart apparently believes that their product wo n't sell if animated characters are courteous and supportive . I never buy their products anymore because I do n't want to have to spend time reminding my son never to imitate the appalling behavior portrayed on Jumpstart .
 Just purchased for my 8 year old after having bought the 1st & 2nd grade versions and had been very pleased with their software . Too much story line to stay interested and the graphics were horrible compared to their other games .
 My son loves this program ; I think he discovered it at school . We were sorely disappointed , after ordering it , to find that the Mac version works only in the classic operating environment , not on OSX . Do n't buy the Mac version unless you have an ancient computer to run it on .
 I hate this game !!! It 's hard with such a bratty character !! I ca n't stand playing it . My older sister says it 's great but apparently she does n't care about some bratty character !! Do n't buy this game . It 's a total waste of money !!
 DANGER . This software says it will work with Mac , but will require you to do so in classic mode . That means my fourth grader will need my help to get her there every time she uses the program . Not worth it .
 Although the product description stated it was PC/MAC compatable , it was not . It did not operate as it should on my granddaughter 's MAC system . When she switched it over to the PC , it worked fine and she enjoyed it . I attempted to contact the company that produced the Jump Start but had major difficulty finding anything .
 Having problems getting the cd to install and their customer service is not helpful . My computer does meet the system requirements they outlined .
 This program is more about earning points than learning . It 's more like a video game . The plot is really weird . In the beginning you have to interview with the rat before you start `` Playing . '' After the interview you do a cross word puzzle on famous artist . Come On ! In 5th Grade you learn American History ! No American History on this program ! I get frusterated a lot because it 's so hard to exit the program . You click all these buttons before you exit ! Poorly written Software ! I Give them a F -- for editing . I do n't have fun using it ! Knowledge Adventure is the worst software company . I like Clue Finders 5th Grade MUCH Better . Use that program . Stay away from all Knowledge Adventure products .
 The program worked fine when I installed it on a Dell computer with Windows 98 . Soon after , I got a new Dell with Windows XP and have not been able to get the program to work . It keeps locking up . I emailed DVO for assistance but have not received an answer.If you order this program , keep your receipts - you may need to send it back !
 I bought this software because it advertised that Cook 'n for Diabetics is included . I could n't wait to get it . When I loaded it , the only menus for diabetics were for children with juvenile diabetes . HUGE DIFFERENCE ! So I was left to sort and sift through the recipes , just like I did before I had the software . So then I read the disk . It says `` this disk contains recipes from Cook 'n blah blah blah ... '' so you are n't even getting the full version of the cookbooks they advertise you to be getting , just excerpts . The nerve ! What a waste of time , postage , and disk space . I guess I will be taking advantage of the 30-day money back guarantee , which is the only thing I like about this product .
 I 've been using GoLive since it was called Cyberstudio and owned by another company . I therefore rushed to buy this update and was utterly shocked when I got home.GoLiveCS does not have the built in support for dynamic content that was in the previous version -LRB- 6.0 -RRB- . The PHP/Mysql/asp interface for creating database driven websites is totally gone ! Apparently Adobe thought no one was using it so they axed it . Let me tell you , as one of the ones who was using it , this has rendered this `` upgrade '' into a `` downgrade '' that I would never have bought had I known . Unfortunately , neither the store I bought it at nor Adobe will refund my money.I 've gone back to 6.0 . I 'm hoping a third-party vendor creates a PHP/MYSQL plug-in that I can use , or I might just have to switch to dreamweaver . You can also check the Adobe forums on their website for more details about the `` loss '' in this upgrade .
 I purchased Drawings 3 months ago and still can not make it produce nice embroidery results . I have 10 years of digiting experience . The tool is plauged with subtle bugs which make it time consuming to use . You basically get a pretty simulation of the embroidery on the screen , but when you sew it out , the results look horrible . After many experiements I tracked the poor result to the stitich length . Drawing sets it to 2.9 mm , my known good design have a stitich length of 6.0 mm . This can not be changed in the standard edition . So if you buy this expect to pay another $ 800 for the pro edition so you can actually sew something .
 I just purchased this package . I have been extremely happy with the Brittanica products in the past . HOWEVER , this particular package has the rather unusual requirement that it will run ONLY on G5 and dual core processors ! In other words , this will not run on ANY of the majority of Macs currently in use , particularly in educational settings -LRB- where the machines tend to be not cutting edge -RRB- , and wo n't run on any Mac laptops except the new Mac Books .
 I do n't know anything because I ca n't get it to download onto the computer .
 EB own words
 I purchased this product and could not get it to run . Spent hours with tech support before they told me to return it -LRB- I have 42 pages of log to support this -RRB- . Well , CDROMUSA requires you to contact them first via e-mail to get permission to return anyhting , and conveniently , they 're not taking any more e-mails
 I bought the program because it was advertised as one of the programs that would run under Vista . So was not the case and your support told me to return the program to you.I did so long ago but I have n't heard anything from you yet.Ingemar Odenbrand Lund Sweden
 This product is very easy to use & interactive . It works well but there is very little to learn from it beyond some basic nouns -LRB- colors , numbers , food , modes of transportation -RRB- ; it is however , the only audio Telegu program I could find . It 's almost impossible to learn Telugu from most of the books out there . For what it does teach , it does well .
 Forget about this ! It is so old that it will not have any drivers for any of your hardware and even then , back in 2003 it was one of the least favorite Linux distros .
 These games are great if you have an old system . I have all of them that my granddaughter played with she was 7 or 8 . She is now 16 and computers have come a long way . Will not work with 64bit Vista , Windows 7 etc. . It will play on an old versionof XP , Windows 95 and lower . It would be great if they updated them .
 Could not install the game on my 64bit Vista system . There was not detail in the shopping page that indicated this would be the case . Checked the online support but no luck . This ended up being a waste of money .
 I made a big mistake with this product . The new Mac 's do n't come with floppy drives . The product was advertised on CD and that was false advertising . Just stay with Iworks that is made by Apple .
 NO Dynamic content . Adobe completely left dynamic content out of this product . The css features are improved . The templates they advertise are only page templates not site templates.Don ' t upgrade.Adobe has completely forgotten the consumer and removed one of the most important features of golive . They could have at least left the features from version 6 in , but did n't . All this is , is a re-design of Golive 4.0 Adobe also expects you to buy third party software if you want dynamic content . Well , this starts at $ 300 from Zend studios . WHY ???
 GoLive CS 7.01 is the most unstable application on my system -LRB- 100 % serious -RRB- . It crashs when doing very basic things like handling text and using the built in FTP . It crashes all the time . I must admit that version 7.01 is a little more stable than GoLive CS 7.0 , but this kind of stablity does not cut it . I had over five GoLive CS 7.01 crashes yesterday -LRB- once is too much -RRB- . GoLive CS 7.01 does nothing for me but cause me rework -LRB- constantly -RRB- and paranoia of the next impending crash -LRB- When will it happen ? I promise it will crash -RRB- . For now I would WARN anyone to steer clear of GoLive CS and wait and see if Adobe is even able to fix this broken or buggy application . The GoLive CS 7.01 code is bad . GoLive CS 7.0 code is even worse .
 GoLive CS is a very buggy application . Despite running on a very stable Windows XP system -LRB- 2.8 ghz cpu , 2048mb RAM , 2x WD 7200 80gig HD -RRB- , GoLive repeatedly freezes forcing you to kill the application from the task manager . Additionally , functions within the app such as FTP Browser will freeze or fail when transferring even benign text files or simple HTML files.This program is very frustrating , has a number of show stopping bugs that are still waiting to be patched and certainly nothing like the quality we have come to expect from an Adobe product.This product is terrible and should be removed from store shelves immediately .
 In the final analysis , the best feature of Go Live has been abandon and the product is so unstable that I found it un-usable . Buy Go Live 6.0 or Dreamweaver . Go Live 7.0 crashed at least 30 times in 24 hours , and lost dozens of links in my website , it lost the configuration information and created other problems . I uninstalled it and reinstalled Go Live 6.0 , which at least is stable enough to use , it only crashes a few times a day . Go Live 7.0 is not ready for release !!! I spent $ 400 on private , high end tech support to try to get it not to crash . Do n't waste your money or time.Go live 6.0 's main problem for me was that it will not update files that are outside of the website directory . Each file needs to be manually re-linked every time it is updated . On the positive side , Go live 6.0 does run , and will let you preview your site and directly edit anything you do n't like . This extremely convenient feature was the reason I chose Go Live . Adobe abandon this feature in Go Live CE 7.0 and it makes maintaining a web site like mine twice as much work.Adobe did fix the bug that wo n't update files outside the web directory , but Go live CE 7.0 still wo n't even run an Adobe photo gallery created outside the web site . This is pathetic same company product interaction . There is a reason that Adobe wants around $ 300 a year for tech support . Your going to need lots of it .
 Adobe GoLive CS crashes every 5 minutes or even less . It crashes without any warning and you loose your unsaved job . It 's impossible to build any website with this soft , absolutly impossible . This problem has been repport by a considerable number of customers to Adobe . For $ 400 , I expect the programm to work .
 I agree with the above listed comment ! Adobe has renamed key functions like floating boxes to layers and rearranged the locations of common tools found in previous versions . Adobe must have decided that after pulling this stunt with Photoshop 6 it was GoLive 's turn . What are they thinking ? Being a web designer the last thing I want to do is relearn a software package that I have been using forever . The only reason I am giving GoLive two stars is the new intergraded PDF functions that should be included in all of Adobe 's software .
 GoLive CS -LRB- 7 . x -RRB- ? - Crashes very often , even on basic commands . - Basic bugs
 Windows Version of Adobe GoLive CS : This is the buggiest piece of software since Windows 3.1 !!! I 've had NO problems with the other programs in the Adobe CS suite -LRB- InDesign , Photoshop , Illustrator , etc. -RRB- . However , this is so buggy it is useless . Here are some of my issues with this software : o It becomes sluggish after using it for awhile . I have to close & reopen it for it to work again.o The `` black bar '' functionality , which is critical for creating sites , does n't always work ! I 've seen other reviews where other people have the same problem . It makes adding web pages ungodly tedious.o The tool tips are not even correct.I received this with the rest of the Adobe CS suite . Unfortunately , I 'm going to have to buy another web site authoring tool because this program is so buggy that it is unusable.Alex Collins
 This software absolutely SUCKS !!! I have the entire CS2 Suite and GoDEAD is the runt dog of the pack . It CONSTANTLY crashes regardless of what you are doing . Tech support is useless , they ca n't fix an unfinished , undeveloped program . Adobe sold this pig to use the public as their bug fix test grounds , kind of like microsuck . I am thoroughly burnt on this bottom end application . Do yourself a HUGE favor and avoid this one like the plague !
 I love the way you can easily access/change DVDs with the flip-top style of player . And we hooked up my daughter 's V-Smile with no problem.HOWEVER , within 30 days of purchase , the little tab that holds the cover shut had broken . I contacted customer service and sent it back for repair.Within 2 weeks , the OTHER player began to malfunction . A few emails were sent back and forth , and finally I discovered that if I used masking tape to hold the cover shut , the machine would play . I called to check on the other unit as I was told it would take 4-6 weeks for repair , and it had been at least 6 weeks at that point . The agent had no record of my unit being returned . When I gave him the tracking number I sent the package with , he said that it had made it to one location , but that location had not forwarded it to their repair location , and that he would ship me a new unit , which would arrive in about a week.It 's been almost 3 weeks and I still do n't have anything back from the company . When I try to call , the number stays busy . They are no longer answering my emails.I never sent in the second unit for repair , and I 'm glad I did n't . When it worked , the machine was nice , but it did n't work long enough for the price . I still have my Coby unit , and though it 's a pain to change DVDs , at least it still works more than a year later!I will NEVER buy ANYTHING from Venturer EVER again !
 I 'm on my 3rd unit , returned to sams club twice , and will return the 3rd unit today - it is absolutely horrible . Skipping is an issue of when , not if . After a few weeks , the slightest of road bump will make your disk go to the beginning . Irritation and rowdy kids ensue ...
 I would n't recommend this dvd player to anyone . I 'm so mad I could just throw it across the street and run over it . It keeps going back to the begining . we took it back to the store and exchanged it and within 2 weeks the new one started doing the same thing . so we went on a witch hunt and I figured out like another customer that if you tape or keep the doors shut then it will play execpt now the car adapter as broke that does both of them and we are down to one . We dont have a credit card so we ca n't get another one to play the other tv . I would never EVER buy another one of these stupid tvs again . it is to much of a hassel and a huge headache .
 My unit is a double screen unit with the same problem , the tab would n't let me open the door to my unit . I could use it but I 'd have to put a book ontop of the unit so that it would n't open . After a month it was just totally shot , the DVD would n't even spin . I 'm satisfied to say if I tried to get a hold of the manufacuter they would blow me off . I 'm taking back to Radio Shack where I bought it . I would steer clear of this name brand .
 The item was recieved in used condition even though sold as new . Half the items were already removed from their bags . Upon powering up one screen showed extensive scratching and the other was washed out , the adjustments could n't fix it , and the picture was all `` fuzzy '' and `` vibrating '' . Amazon vendor says it shipped directly from Venturer . Packed it all back up the same day I got it and sent it back . Should have read the other reviews before purchasing . After doing so I 'm REALLY glad I bought through Amazon and TechNGnet as they were great about the return . I 'm out the $ 20 on the return shipping , but lesson learned . NEVER BUY A VENTURER PRODUCT !!!
 I purchased this dual dvd player for my twins . At first , all went well , with the exception of faded color in one unit . Within a few months , one player started to skip . Every bump in the road restarted the video ... all the way back to the previews !!! Next , the velcro no longer kept the cover shut ... this happened to both units . I put my own velcro tabs in , but eventually had to resort to rubber bands . Now , one unit is dead ... black screen , and the bottom of the other unit is hanging on by a thread . I NEVER transferred these units . They hung in the same car ! What a waste of money ! I DO NOT recommend this product . Now in the market for a new one ... any suggestions ???!!!
 I bought this product at Sams and it worked great for about a month . Then it started to skip every once in a while . Now you ca n't even breath near it without it skipping . This product is a complete waste of money . I am very upset that I invested in this product . I will never buy Venturer again . Sams should be ashamed of selling this .
 Driving from Nashville to Cincinatti , one of the tvs just stopped working . Yes the cigartte lighter still worked , the fuses were still closed , used different plugs , and had the unit on , and would just not work . Luckily the other one still worked . Cheap product . Purchased mine from Wal-Mart .
 I made that mistake ; do n't waste your money on Venturer junk - worst customer service I can remember -LRB- well , if you buy Venturer you are going to need it -RRB- .
 I ordered this for mid-April Birthday in early March-I need to do these things while I 'm thinking about it.I knew the recipient would love it . Upon opening it-I was told it did n't work at all . The reciever 's birthday was 5 days AFTER the return window had `` closed '' . It might be a good thing if you get it and open/try it immediately to make sure it 's useable , now we are stuck with a Fifteen dollar place holder in our CD 's .
 Small number of Parks with limited trial information . Not worth it . Not easy to transfer to GPS unit .
 Small number of Parks with limited trial information . Not worth it . Not easy to transfer to GPS unit .
 Small number of Parks with limited trial information . Not worth it . Not easy to transfer to GPS unit .
 I 'm one of those that want to get away from `` anything Microsoft '' and after reading about all the Linux distros bought the Xandros version.The install was very easy but it would n't recognize my second hard drive and I was unable to figure out how to get it to do so.In additon I found general tasks not intuitive at all and nowhere near as good as Windows
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 Small number of Parks with limited trial information . Not worth it . Not easy to transfer to GPS unit .
 The detail that this software offers you is akin to having a road map of the entire US , and nothing more . Of course , it does offer you searching capabilities and GPS stuff which I did n't even bother getting around to trying . Why ? The maps that come with this title give you so little detail that using a GPS would be silly . You 'd know what metropolitain area you were in , but that 's about it . Forget looking for specific streets or addresses . I wish Garmin would port Mapsource to OS X. . .
 topographic details they are very misleading in thereadd . They told me to send it back for a refund thenthey sent it back to me saying they could not take itback.STAY AWAY
 Small number of Parks with limited trial information . Not worth it . Not easy to transfer to GPS unit .
 Small number of Parks with limited trial information . Not worth it . Not easy to transfer to GPS unit .
 We purchased multiple copies of goldmine to share databases , EVERY step of using goldmine is overly complicated and fraught with data loss.This is a VERY feature-rich product , but apparently only lifelong goldmine users and the developers know how to use this product.Simple things like merging data , importing records , resolving duplicate records each turn into nightmares.Support from Front Range Solutions is non-existant -- that is unless you pay -LRB- a deal at 35 $ / call -RRB- EVEN INSTALLATION required a support call . Add at least 10 calls to your budget for this product.I have managed numerous complex software developments and have rarely seen software this obtuse .
 I moved to GoldMine five years ago as it was rated higher than ACT . Four years ago , whenever my computer crashed -LRB- remember those days ? -RRB- , I would loose all the data I had entered or changed . It took about a hundred calls to the help desk , over six months to get them to fix the problem . They would like to say it was my problem ... but it ended up being theirs . It was a nightmare.More recently , the 6.X version came out . There are still glitches ... the search screen is 3x the size of my 21 '' screen and wo n't resize like it should . I am waiting , now over 5 months for this glitch to get fixed.Yesterday I tried to print out my calendar from the year 2000 to review my appointments . Every option does not allow you to print out the calendar with completed appointments ... it just prints out blank pages with the date and no information . After reviewing the website , scaning the news groups , and 3 emails to the help desk ... still no answer . The help desk , by the way , does n't seem to be able to read English . They respond with a generic message each time ... as if they have n't even read my message . Each time they write back `` Go to File , select Print Reports , and follow the options . '' They must be morons to think I did n't already try that.Don ' t waste your money . Every client I know that works with GoldMine has nightmares.I would like to move to ACT ! but the export option to ACT ! wo n't convert some of my fields properly ... I have to figure out how to map the GoldMine fields to the appropriate ACT fields ... maybe this program can work if you are a computer wiz ... but if you are n't , beware .
 After spending 4 hours setting up goldmine I tried to send an email to a client only to find out that Goldmine does n't support Microsoft exchange email servers . I called Frontrange technical support and they really could care less . What a joke , they got the goldmine and I got the SHAFT . DO N'T PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT IT IS GARBAGE .
 A friend told me that if you purchase Goldmine , make sure you buy training from a reseller . They were right ... this product is not easy to use out of the box and requires a good amount of training needs before you can utilize its features . I have noticed several other products in the market that seem to be easier to use and cheaper !
 After trying to use Goldmine for 6 months , I finally gave up and switched to Act . Sure , you can customize to your heart 's content but it was too complicated and had too many `` bells and whistles '' to make it practical for me and my small business . I never did figure out how to print labels or use half the features , evern after hiring a private tutor to help me out . I had to type all my addresses into a separate file for labels , etc. before importing them . So why bother doing twice the work ? I 'm no techno-babe but this was just too much for me . I 've had Act for a month now and use it all the time , much more user-friendly for me .
 Stay away from this badly designed , badly written program . Yes , it does everything advertised but it is horrendously convoluted , non-intuitive , and frquently crashes the entire machine . I 've never seen a piece of software that burns so much produciton time carrying out the simplistic funcitons that this program tries to provide . If you are looking for business software that will streamline the way you do things & help make you more productive , this is not it . If you buy it , you 're wasting your money . If you use it already , you 're wasting time , you can do much better than this garbage .
 This software is a nightmare . Do not buy this . Installation was a nightmare in itself , will not read BDE . Support is not a big help .
 We 've been using Goldmine after switching from Act ! several years ago . Believe it or not , but back then , Goldmine was an elegantly written software , much more stable than Act!But since then the featurelist grew , and so did the bugs ! Goldmine has given our software department -LRB- and please note that we ARE a software company -RRB- nightmares . Especially moving from its internal database format to SQL server has been painfull to say the least . Although we do have a support contract , the local reseller refuses any serious help , because they just wants to sell us consultancy hours.It 's -LRB- 16 bit aging Borland based -RRB- database interface cripples the performance of our SQL server from 9000 records/sec to about 20/sec . And despite modern server , network and client PC , performance is a laugh . The amount of crashes of the GM client make the situation barely workable.If only we had an easy way to convert to another program , we would have abandonned this badly written and badly supported program years ago . Its a shame . Without the bugs it would remain our number one choice .
 I have used Goldmine for a year -LRB- as I was required by my company -RRB- and I finally got the word that I can go back to Outlook . What a drama it has been . Even the most obvious feature of being able to make a back-up is a disaster.Customer service was also a drama.Really relieved to go back , THANK YOU MICROSOFT for given me Outlook
 Goldmine offers many features , but it is very unstable . I continue to use it , because I have lots of data in it , and transitioning will be a major effort , but I would highly recommend against using this product . I have a single user installed on a XP laptop . I seriously never have any other program crash , but virtually every day , I have Goldmine crash.Do your best to steer clear of this product if you can .
 I recently started in a company that used GM religously , its the back bone of all text communication of this company . Yes GM has lots of bells and whistles but the major flaw is that Gold mine does NOT ADAPT TO THE END-USER . The end-user must adapt to GM 's way of organization and thats just wrong . Technology should work FOR the people , not the other way around . i hear this bull from vendor 's saying `` your supposed to purchase training courses to unleash the full potential of Goldmine '' . Thats a load of the brown stinky stuff . If I knew what I know now about Goldmine , I would of reconsidered my salary request because of the things I have to deal with . And if i ever change jobs , I would never work for a company that use Goldmine .
 This is without a doubt the worst piece of software I have ever used . The only reason it received one star from me is because you ca n't pick Zero or a minus . After being sucked in by what was supposed to be a lower cost then ACT . In trying to use the software when you call Frontrange for support they actually charge you $ 50.00 per question of support . If you buy act you get 6 months of support for FREE !! . Which in the case of ACT you really do n't need its much more user friendly then GARBAGE err Goldmine . You would actually need at least 6 years of support free for this GARBAGE . Do n't whatever you do waste your money or your time on this software . Spend the few extra dollars on ACT and you wo n't be sorry or frustrated or feel ripped off .
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I wo n't repeat the complaints by the other reviewers but I will agree with them . I have a new Garmin eTrex Vista C GPS , which is a good product . But , Garmin wants you to buy their poor quality MapSource software . Poor quality because of the scale . National Geographic TOPO software is somewhat clumsy to use , but it will produce a fine map and does a good job for large scale use , as in hiking , etc. . The problem is that Nat . Geo . deliberately misleads in its cover blurb by implying that TOPO will work with `` most popular handheld receivers . '' It wo n't . So , if you want to produce a topographic map , with a route marked on it , and measure distances , develop elevation profiles , etc. , then NatGeo TOPO is useful . If you want to upload waypoints from TOPO to your handheld GPS , be careful !
 I gave this a 2 only because the package includes softcopy TOPO maps . The route tool is the most primitive SW I 've seen in decades . I expect a lot more from a company like Nat Geo . THERE IS NO UNDO ! The manual states to `` SAVE AS '' occasionally as a means of undo . That may have been an acceptable solution in 1985 . It 's hard enough trying to draw via mouse freehand , but having to delete and start from scratch many times because there is no undo is inexcusable.If you use this SW , draw your route in segments , so when your hand twitches and you inadvertently scribble all over the map you can delete the last mess . Then go back and join the segments , but even this will require using the ` split in two ' function and trying to re-join the routes , as they do n't always connect even though the line you drew to join the segments overlaps.There 's really no excuse for not having the SW follow the trails on the maps , given some direction from the user -LRB- like draw a box around the trail segment you want -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little compute intensive extracting a route from a bit-mapped graphics image , but that 's not really s big deal on a modern PC/MAC with Gbytes of memory and thousands of MIPS .
 I found the Topo ! gis product unuseable . I 've installed it several times and called tech support for a license . Tech support is a voice message service , where you leave a message and hope that they return your call . Which they did n't . After 6 imploring messages and many many emails , I just returned the product . The box sure is pretty but , thats not really why anyone buys it .
 I bought this software because I am a grad student and I had to survey alpine sites around the state of Colorado . I thought it would be great . It was not . The biggest problem is that the maps are out of date . For example several hiking trails are missing . I drove up at least ten roads that had locked gates that were not on the map . Many roads are not labeled or not labeled correctly . It was good for putting waypoints in my GPS , but that is all it was good for .
 The Colorado Map series does not display the same detail as a real 1/24000 official USGS map . I wonder which Colorado maps that National Geographic scanned ? Hopefully I might be able to use the GPS and way points with my Garmin GPS 72 , however the software setup does not list the Garmin GPS 72 . I must have received last years version .
 In the past 10 years of using numerous types of computer software this one has to be the worst . Even after reading the entire manual and troubleshooting tips from the website , I have spent hours trying to do things that are very simple in other software - such as simply saving a map that you have put an hour or two into creating . It is a very complicated and frustrating process . I 'm sure I will finally figure it out , but I 'll have to take detailed notes to be able to do it again !
 Expected the product to display detail of standard USGS 1/24 ,000 maps . Product did not meet expectations . Needless to say I was disappointed in the lack of detail . I was hoping to use the product with my Garmin GPS 72 to download way points . National Geographic Topo Colorado did not list my GPS in the GPS setup .
 This information is all available from the US Govt . The trick is to have software that will display it easily and with no hassles . First some background before I get started . I became a programmer in 1970 . My first computer was an Epson QX10 , an 8 bit CP/M machine from the early 80 's . The reason for giving you a peek at my background is what I have to say about this software . It is , without a doubt , the worst example ofprogramming I have encountered since owning my first PC . I could list the problems and their lack of attention to detail and their seemingly complete unconcern for bringing to market a product with all the loose ends tied and that has the primary purpose of making the program that is easy to set up and use but I have neither the time nor desire to present you with a multi-page review that would waste your time reading the details of bad programming practice . My advice is this ; consider this your last choice when shopping for GPS compatible software . Let the buyer beware . Note
 The PC version works ok but if you own a Mac , you are out of luck . Major glitches of very basic uses -LRB- such as unable to upload waypoints from a spreadsheet to your GPS !! Both upload and download buttons and pulldowns send you to a download only option -RRB- . It is one of the few Mac apps that will lock down your computer and not respond to force quit.The interface is bizarre . Want to find a place ? - go to `` Edit '' . Want to find a coordinate ? - go to `` View '' . Want to find customer support ? - go to the back of the room.iMac 2.4 ghz OS 10.5.4 , Topo 4.5.0
 I bought this software for a trip to state-line res . It was not on the map , even though it was built in 1979 . I end up having to buy a current map from wildlife resources . This purchase was a waste of time and money both . The interface was cluncky and difficult to use . Switching areas requires switching between 6 different disks . There limited symbols that can be placed on the map . The is no draw feature to draw on the map . overall its just easier to purchase a good map for the area you are interested in and forget trying to use this package
 Terribly written software . The installation process was a nightmare . After installing the application I tried to install 9 CDs worth of maps . After each disc the installer crashed so I had to restart the application repeatedly . It got stuck on on disc an was never able to complete the installation.With the maps I did install I found the navigation and software interface to be SLOW and not intuitive . It was a waste of money and I have returned the software to the seller .
 If you want 1:24,000 topographic maps of Oregon , or just about any other state , this is your only option . Too bad the software -LRB- Mac -RRB- is utter rubbish , criminally bad for a $ 100 product . User experience is inconsistent and often illogical , crashes , near-neglibile updates last few years , read the other reviews they 're right.BUT if you want the maps you have to buy , just prepare for using it to make you cry .
 I just installed this software on my G5 Dual 2 Gigahertz machine and am very un-satisfied with the product ! It is very slow to respond and if you were planning on imaging the disks to your hard drive for faster response , forget it . This software crashes ALOT and is overall unstable . The navigation is not like previous versions of Topo ! either . Does the software work ? Yes . Are the maps great ? Yes . It is the interface that is poor on this one . National Geographic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one !
 Allegedly installs on PC and Mac OSX -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- . Attempted install on Mac G4 which more than met minimum requirements and could not plan routes , print maps , nor add markers . Tried to uninstall , reinstall to no avail . Website support is pitiful , phone calls and emails not responded to . I am beginning to think it would be easier to drive the 7 hours to Colorado from Wyoming to visit Nat Geo in person . Stay away mac users !
 The Georgia version of this set is Terrible . I already own National Park version which is great . I was planning on staying on Cumberland Island and doing some hiking and that National Park is n't on the National Park cd set , so I bought the Georgia set . Well , Cumberland Island is on the set but it only shows some of the trails . Parts of the Map are crooked . Some of it does n't line up with other parts . It looks like it was scanned it from a bunch of seperate pieces of paper by a 8 yr old .
 There 's too many things that are n't right with this . Poorly made , full of bugs , missing many things , trying to disguise as mac . The support is poor if you get any . If you need well rounded Linux , pick any from Ubuntu , Fedora , Debian , PCLinux , Centos , Slack , Madriva etc. . Tis one is a major off-road . This thing is just as dead as Corel Linux . Just avoid .
 I thought I would try this os , however , for myself I was disappointed it did not initialize at all . It was not what I thought of this os on this disc . I am sure others had no probs. , but for myself it was not worth it .
 First off , this is NOT Windows , you can not click oncertain websites and use them . Since it does not useIE , or anything that is commonly used in the mainstream.This offers no functionality other than some backwoodsprograms which crash the majority of the time.Just buy Windows XP Pro , save yourself the money , troubleand time !
 A linux that tries to look like Windows , save your money and buy a real MAC .
 The game was fun to play but the company the put out the game does not pay attention to it , I have a brand new 24 inch i mac loaded and the game had weird graphical issues that there seems to be no patches or updates to fix it , It got so bad that i could n't even play the game . Oh well , for now i will stick to windows for my pc games .
 I have had problems with Feral 's products before -- Sim Theme Park comes to mind -LRB- they released a patch 4 years after I purchased it -- no lie -RRB- -- and while the Demo runs smoothly on several of my Macs , I can not get the purchased game to install on any of my machines . When the Movies Installer reaches `` 0 files left to install , '' it stays there forever.Update
 This game is probably a tolerable business simulation . I ca n't comment much on that aspect because I do n't usually play that sort of game and I generally did n't play that part of this game . I bought this game to make movies , and the thing that really sets this game apart for making movies versus the less pre-scripted machinimation you can do in other games is the lip-synching feature . Well , the lip-synching feature does n't work . At all . Others have reported sporadic success , but I never had any . I used to run the game on an unsupported machine , which I thought might have been the problem , but Feral 's tech support did not respond to my email , in which I offered to run it on another computer that did meet the specs if they thought that was the problem . They did n't even have the courtesy to send a response explaining that my machine was unsupported . Moreover , many others have reported this issue and as far as I know , gotten no response from Feral . In addition , since buying the game a few years , I have purchased a new and much faster machine ; in fact , I am writing this review on my MacBook Pro , purchased brand new from Apple just nine days ago . The feature still does n't work.In sum , if you are seeking a business sim , this may be your game , but if you want to make movies , it probably is not . Either way , do n't expect much help from Feral if things go wrong .
 I usually am pleased with Microsoft developement tools -LRB- documentation excepted -RRB- . In this case , the ` no support ' policy got me . The installation fails leaving me with bad options
 Cost of MS SQLServer 2k5 Software
 This edition will be great , once microsoft finishes debugging it ! Wait till some service packs come out before committing your critical data.Management studio dialogs are too big to fit on the screen . I use 1024 x 768 . Do they QA at all ? I constantly have to resize the dialog to reach to ok button.Editing the schema of large tables is not practical in management studio , since it uses temp tables to do every modification . Takes forever to complete , if it does n't time out and roll back first . You have to turn off the timeout in the options by setting it to zero.Better to write an alter table command by hand , it will be much faster.Query Tuning wizard crashed and hung in memory as soon as i opened it.Getting my linked server to work in SQL 2005 was a pain . It wo n't work unless sql engine is running as local system . That is a security hole which i do n't like but do n't know how to fix.Error messages are useless.You need lots of memory for SQL . I have 2GB and it gladly uses up 1.5 GB doing my queries , but that may be my query.I would n't put this in production until a few service packs come out .
 You can not use this product with Visual Web Developer Express . It makes you uninstall VWD -LRB- and uninstall then re-install . net 2.0 -RRB- and once you install SQL 2005 you ca n't install VWD or any of the express products.So your choices for asp.net developers areA
 SQL Server was a pain to install and get up and running on Vista . The updates required were huge and very time consuming .
 I bought this product so I can get training in SQLI have a brand new Vista system from Dell , and it will not install , I get error messages that seem to show it is looking for a Network Server account , and this program is designed to be installed on a normal PC for development , so this should not happen .
 This software just does not work . When scanning my drive it gets stuck on 1 sector for more than an hour -- program is totally unresponsive -- I have to kill it using Windows Task Manager . It never completes the scan . Iolo tech support does not respond to repeated inquiries . Avoid ! Waste of money !
 This product deserves zero stars.I bought this software to recover some deleted files . It managed to find some of them but the recovery process is hopeless . The software constantly terminates itself OR it freezes and requires termination through Windows Task Manager.Save your time and money and go with a different product ... I cant see how it could be worse .
 I would not recommend this software to someone I disliked . I have a drive which was damaged . The box and website promise that files can be recovered from damaged or reformatted drives.The drive in question shows in Windows drive manager as unformatted . I need to recover what data I can from the drive . This tool wo n't even show the drive as attached , and when I clicked the `` I do not see the drive '' option , it told me to connect and configure the drive . DUH ! WASTE OF TIME and $ 40 .
 I bought this software to recover files from the hard-drive of a laptop that had stopped working . The software showed some . cab files on the hard-drive but nothing else . It was completely useless and a waste of money.Later I downloaded Stellar Phoenix data recovery software and had all the files recovered in less than 15 minutes . It was more expensive -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- , but atleast it worked.Do not waste your money on this product .
 I bought this program -- supposedly recommended by both `` PC World '' and `` PC Magazine '' -- hoping to recover files from a partition I had quickformatted by mistake , and the only thing I found out was that this program is a complete waste of time and money.The box claims that it works with Windows Vista , but it would not even run on my own computer -LRB- Vista Ultimate 64-bit -RRB- . I had to install it on a Windows XP partition so I could find out how useless this software is.It claims that it can recover data from formatted hard drives , which it kind of did , but the results were so bad as to be worthless . First of all , it will only seek only popular file formats like . JPG , . DOC and so on . So if you have some esoteric file you need to rescue , this program may not even bother with it . Second , it will dump everything into one directory , so any file/folder system you may have is good as gone . And to add insult to injury , it will rename every file to the extension plus a sequence of numbers -- JPG00001.jpg , JPG00002.jpg , and so on . Good luck trying to sort your files if you have thousands of them.About the only thing this program will do well is rescue files you may have deleted by mistake and then emptied the Recycle Bin . But there are programs online that will do this , and for free , it makes no sense to spend money on this program.I eventually recovered the data that I wanted , but had to rely on a friend and another program to to the job.So do n't even bother with this piece of junk . It 's not worth the CD that it comes in . I sure wish I could get my $ 40 back .
 Let me give you guys a timeline between me and this hoaxster company called IOLO
 Prior to buying these CDs , my husband and I used the 2-CD set , `` Speaking French with Michel Thomas . '' We learned a lot quickly from those CDs , but wanted to learn more . So , we purchased the Instant Immersion French set . This has to be one of the worst purchases I have ever made ! It is very difficult to determine what the people on the CD are saying , and the tasks are unclear . There is no guide book to help you along.I 'm going to purchase the full Michel Thomas set now , and highly recommend his method of teaching over this set of CDs .
 This is the worst software for kids learning Spanish - I 've gotten much better just off the internet . PLEASE - do not waste your money .
 At the bottom of the page there was a link that said `` Frequently Bought Together '' Then it showed two PC games with two different covers , they ended up being the same product nad cost me shipping and a restocking fee .
 I could not register this product because I have ie7 and they ca n't work with ie7 , I have called their support phone number -LRB- toll call -RRB- and they told me to uninstall ie7 . Other software that I have had difficulties with ie7 , but they fixed the problem , not try to make me unstall ie7 ! I ca n't get the product to work and I ca n't get any support from them !
 I just got a Mac G5 with 2 GB of RAM and was looking forward to using this product . I would have to agree that from the book most of the clipart contained in this set is cartoonish , but my worst complaint is that I just could n't install it . On install all you 'll get is a window stating you do n't have enough RAM and fail to continue.Nova Development software support was n't any help either . They were VERY familiar with the problem and the tech made it clear that a fix would NOT be coming out anytime in the near future . He immediately gave me the phone # to call and get a refund ... and I 'll use it .
 I bought this product based on what I thought were some good looking images on the box , but once I opened it ... Yuck ! If you want some really great clip art , best go to a site like Artzooks.com , where you can at least preview the images , buy and download only the images you need .
 Was extremely disappointed . Disks did not work in my Mac computer and I even ordered set for Mac . I am used to Clipart program through internet and it is so easy to work with but have to pay $ 125.00 per year . Was looking to save some $ but have decided to renew my subscription to Clipart .
 Sure Art Explosion has nifty stock images that can help in a pinch with small graphic solutions , but what to do with 48 CDs that come shrink-wrapped on a spindle with no lid ? In the past the CDs would come supplied with a carrying case . So do n't expect one to come with this collection or to get a response from Nova even though they advertise a money back guarantee .
 Buying this product I was replacing my current 750,000 Art Explosion that was on 48 CDs with this new version that was on 5 DVD and it had the promise that I could search the entire 750,000 pieces of art with an onscreen program . I was never to have to page through two huge book trying to find artwork , I would only need to type in key words and the options would be on my screen . Well guess what , it did n't work . What is even worse , the new book that replaces the old two books , has tiny thumbnails of all the art , it 's really disgusting to look for something . To top it off , I got my set of DVDs and I got two # 3 's and no # 4 . It was a hassle to get them to say they 'd send me out the # 4 DVD . I should have received it by now . Purchase this if you are in great need of eps artwork .
 I brought this product to use in my graphic design projects , and have got to say I 'm disappointed . The content of the cds might be nice if I could ever access it . It takes FOREVER to open the folders on the cd , like almost over a minute and I 'm using a brand new , very fast Mac Pro . And while it 's accessing the cd it sounds like it 's chewing up the cd player . Not great when you 're on a tight deadline and every minute counts . The portfolio browser could be better too , the samples are pretty small , better than what is in the book they provided , but still , cumbersome to use , and some features of it make it crash often .
 This is horribly misleading . Not only did 3 of the DVDs not load -LRB- just spun and spun -RRB- , but the two that did gave me a glimpse of the `` art '' they claim to be so great and high quality . The clip art is amateurish , the background images are ... ugh , they 're just gross . And the photography is a complete joke . It 's all circa 1970s and 80s , the quality is very poor . They appear to be scanned in and have the quality of a shaky grandmother 's album . And high quality ? Ha ! The images not only are lo-res -LRB- 180 dpi -RRB- , but they are also small in size -LRB- 4x5 '' -RRB- ! This is a complete and utter joke . Do n't bother .
 In a collection of 48 CD-ROMs I might expect that one of the 48 might be bad . Maybe . I would * hope * they would all function , but if one was bad I would n't be too surprised . But my first experience with this set was that the first 10 I chose -LRB- at random -RRB- would not mount . Would n't mount on my old G3 . Would n't mount on my G4 Titanium . Would n't mount on my G4 Mirror Drive . Tried some more ... some would mount and some would n't . Called the company to complain ... they sent a new batch ... all 48 . Did it help ? No . Same problem . Just for the record , I do n't have trouble with other CDs . Just these . With the batch I have now , I 'd say at least half of the CDs do not mount properly . On days when I know I 'm going to have to look through this collection for a piece of artwork , I dread it ... it 's such a hassle . Some good stuff there , but not worth much when you ca n't get at it .
 This is horribly misleading . Not only did 3 of the DVDs not load -LRB- just spun and spun -RRB- , but the two that did gave me a glimpse of the `` art '' they claim to be so great and high quality . The clip art is amateurish , the background images are ... ugh , they 're just gross . And the photography is a complete joke . It 's all circa 1970s and 80s , the quality is very poor . They appear to be scanned in and have the quality of a shaky grandmother 's album . And high quality ? Ha ! The images not only are lo-res -LRB- 180 dpi -RRB- , but they are also small in size -LRB- 4x5 '' -RRB- ! This is a complete and utter joke . Do n't bother .
 Art Explosion 750,000 for Mac is a COMPLETE waste of money ! The Portfilio 6 Browser is not compatible with Snow Leopard . Nova help tells me no update is on the horizon and to use it with another browser . This was not the reason I invested the money to purchase this software.This collection is a HUGE disappointment . Nova guarantees satisfaction - but you have to send the product back at your own expense to get a refund check for the purchase price - sans taxes and return shipping costs . Not a very good business practice.The collection is a waste of time and money ! Do n't bother !!!!
 As a graphic designer , I 'm always looking for tools like this . When I bought this for our shop , we were planning on using the icons for quick placement in our statement designs . We also looked forward to using the fonts and other clip art eps features for various quicky projects . Unfortunately , the interface is difficult to use , and loading the CDs is tedious.The stock photos are worthless . I have yet to use one of their 1970s photos for anything other than a good laugh.The font database has nothing usable.Overall , this was a waste of $ 100 . Our shop has used it probably half a dozen times , and I do n't imagine we 'll use it much from here forward .
 When I changed my computer to a Mac I was surprised that there were not a lot of clip art offerings . I found this product at our local office supply store and bit an expensive bullet and bought it . Unfortunately the browsing program -LRB- Portfolio -RRB- will not run on OS 10.6.6 and so you are left using the telephone book sized catalog with its tiny , postage stamp , pictures . Once you find a picture you like you then have to locate it on the DVD and it takes forever for the computer to sort through a given folder . All in all , a huge hassel and many times more difficult than just browsing for a Google images . There is no update for the portfolio browser on the Nova Development site so it looks like I wo n't be using this clip art very much.Addendum
 Art Explosion 750,000 for Mac is a waste of money ! The collection comes with a crippled version of Extensis Portfilio 6 Browser . It is very , very slow ! Finding the image you 're looking for is a chore , even on a fast MacBook Pro ! The first two DVDs I tried mounted , but the third did not . I tried it in two different Firewire DVD drives - nothing . Defective out of the box.Vector clip art resides on the first two DVDs . Image quality is poor - most are badly drawn cartoons . I 've seen many of these images from other collections , such as PrintMaster -LRB- for PC -RRB- . While this clip art be okay for children or flyers to promote the neighborhood garage sale , it is not good enough for business use.This collection is a HUGE disappointment . Nova guarantees satisfaction - but you have to send the product back at your own expense to get a refund check for the purchase price - sans taxes and return shipping costs.This collection is a waste of time and money ! Skip it .
 Some of the DVDs would n't mount on my desktop -LRB- I have an IMac -RRB- and also on the 1st DVD the Illustrator files would n't open in Illustrator so this product is worthless to me . I 'm returning it .
 Games from Disney Interactive consistently do n't work for me . They run slowly , crash , and freeze .
 The functionality and price of this product were very appealing . However , I was extremely disappointed to find that this Version 1.0 product was very incompatible with 2 different capture cards and computers I own . Worse yet , the Tech Support leaves a lot to be desired - - hard to reach and even harder to get solutions . I had to eventually return the product . After several e-mails to their support people -LRB- unanswered -RRB- and long distance phone calls to their California sales office , it was eventually learned that it did not support either of my hardware devices . I will buy it again after the bugs are resolved , but it really needs work .
 I am fairly disappointed with Ulead 's DVD MovieFactory . There are several glaring problems that I have encountered that Ulead 's support team has been unable to help me correct . First is the inablity of the software to burn to my Pioneer DVR-A03 . It just wo n't do it and Ulead support is unable to help me with this . Second the software bogs down terribly when working with 1 + hour videos making it nearly inpossible to set in and out points accurately -LRB- I am on a P4 1.8 Ghz with 1 Gig of memory , and Seagate Barracudas in a RAID 0 configuration -RRB- . However , MovieFactory is simplistic and fairly straight forward to use . I also have tried using MyDVD and it is not very intuitive and it is cumbersome to use . I would suggest investigating alternative solutions like Dazzle 's DVD Complete .
 Earlier I posted a positive review of this product , despite the bugs I listed . That was before I discovered that through competitive software I did n't have to struggle with frequent crashes , malfunctioning thumbnails windows , and atrocius splicing , joining , and re-rendering . Unanswered e-mails -LRB- outside of `` It 's been 30 days . We give up . Reinstall and enjoy the continued lack of performance . '' A webboard that could only be clunkier if it was in braille . All this and unimaginative menus , too . I suppose I was just happy to successfully burn a disc.Worst of all , using the built-in capture I could only get 360x240 resolution , which guarantees VHS quality video at best . My ATI AiW 7500 's accompanying capture program gets me 720x480 with no dropped frames.There 's no perfect dvd-authoring software yet , granted , but this one is bottom-rung .
 This software is defective and has serious compatibility issues . I was able to create a functional SVCD , but it was very distorted , even though I used the standard resolution for my movie . Installing the product `` hosed '' up my hard drive so badly that I had to restore the system . Stupidly , I tried it on another OS with the same results . I ended up having to restore that machine as well . Both machines more than met the recommended requirements on the DVD MovieFactory box . This is very disappointing software .
 Save your money ... this product is full of bugs and glitches . I encountered one problem after another attempting to get it installed and running on my fairly new loaded Dell PC -LRB- Pent IV , 356 memory , Windows ME , GeForce2 Ultra , CD-RW drive , & 40G HD with room to spare -RRB- . Repeated email correspondence got the program running on my PC , but it is a confusing and glitchy program . After struggling with it for a week , I was still unable to produce a single functioning SDVD of home movies from my new digital camcorder.In the end , I returned to Amazon.com for refund .
 I spent days trying to find why my program was crashing while creating a Image file to burn on DVD . I tried almost all available upgrades for Windows XP Professional , DirectX , etc , etc but this thing kept crashing . Finally , I found that it ca n't create files over 4GB on FAT32 disk drive . Which means that all blank DVDs you buy will have to have almost 0.5 GB wasted if you have to use this software.Another major drawback I saw with this otherwise very friendly interface is , it creates TITLES and not CHAPTERS for each file you add to the list of video files to make DVD . The drawback with this is if you select a chapter from menu , it plays only that chapter and comes back to the parent menu . This gets really annoying and I am currently so frustrated that I am already looking to replace this -LSB- money ammount -RSB- software for which I fortunately paid only -LSB- money ammount -RSB- due to some rebates and coupons ...
 I purchased this from Amazon , and installed it on my computer . This package does not contain VB 2005 Express . It has Web Developer 2005 . Will be returning it for refund .
 This product is difficult to configure and when sending repeated requests for support I never got the help I needed . The responses looked like they never bothered to read my question . The response looked like a canned response that did n't relate to my problem . Like many products of this type they provide so much checking and blocking that performance is greatly affected . There are better products that are out there that are free . Seehttp : / / personalfirewall.comodo.com /
 The quality of the tutorial was not great . It was slow , did not allow for rewind -LRB- only forward or restart -RRB- , only video - no interaction as in most computer based training , and was significantly overpriced compared to other products on the market . I would look to buy a different product.Review supplied by Benelife on behalf of a Buyer
 Caution to prospective buyers - this software does not appear to be compatible with Windows XP -LRB- I 'm guessing it wo n't work with Vista or Windows 7 either -RRB- . The software itself may be great , but that does n't do you much good if it wo n't run on your PC . We could n't even get the program to open after installation . After doing some searching on the internet , we found some tips on . dll files that could be deleted or modified to make the program run . This got us to the point of being able to open the program at least , but then it still crashes when you click on almost anything . To make matters worse , Sierra apparently has been bought out by Activision and no longer has any support for this software .
 Do n't believe the product description . This software is not compatible with the Mac OS . Of course , it will work on a Mac if you are running Virtual PC - making this software purchase at least $ 500 .
 User beware
 Not only did this do nothing for my system , but when I bought it -LRB- for $ 50 -RRB- , it was advertized as having a $ 40 rebate . There was no rebate info . enclosed when the product arrived . I found it to be a complete waste .
 As an original beta tester of Microsoft XP and a software developer , if I dared release a piece of software as pathethically buggy and unusable on XP as this garbage is , I should be shot ! I repeat what the prior reviewer said ... the manufacturer does NOT support the product ... oh , and by the way , if you check out their so-called support site on the web , you will find there and only there that it does n't run on laptops either.STAY AWAY FROM THIS OR ANYTHING BY SO DISREPUTABLE A COMPANY
 Received as a Christmas gift and my child was very excited to play with it . Guess what , take a HP laptop , pentium 4 running XP and it will not even install ! That 's something new for me but I 'm not talking about 1 CD that wo n't even install , all 3 CD 's included in the box will not install . I have never had that problem with any other software . I remember the days of DOS when software was normally quirky . This is not quirky , it 's a ripoff .
 Although I 'm basicly computer illiterate , I 'm definatly NOT impressed with this product ! I had to buy a `` cheap '' keybooard and take it apart to disable any of the keys -LRB- such as the `` F '' keys , escape , Alt. , Ctrl - you get the idea -RRB- so as my child could n't press them . Actually , if ANY key is held down too long it will `` shut down '' my computer . Among this , there are MANY MANY other design flaws - as mentioned in other reviews . It 's been very disappointing to me and my child .
 My twins received this as a Christmas gift , and I just got around to downloading it . The `` Baby '' CD seemed to work ok , but the Elmo CD 's have no sound other that the theme song . I even uninstalled it and installed again using the compatability wizard , thinking the XP was a problem . Still did n't work . I had read the other customer reviews on Amazon after we got the programs , and I hoped we would n't have the same problems . The technical support site from the company is ridiculous !! They list off articles to read to fix the program , that are not even understandable . Seems to me if you have to write articles explaining the problems , then the programs are NO GOOD !!!! I would tell all parents not to buy this product .
 This software was given to us when our son was just born and I recently broke it out to play with since Sesame Street and Elmo have become a big hit with him . The game itself does appear to work , however the lack of audio during the introductory parts of the game was very disappointing . Even after running the game in the recommended compatibility mode it still failed to work properly . After looking at the -LSB- ... -RSB- website I learned that the sound does n't work on XP systems with service pack 1 or later on them . So , if I still ran windows 98 or windows Me on an older system this might be ok . Unfortunetly I 've moved beyond the 90s in software technology . If you 're looking for edu-tainment software for your children I do not recommend this product .
 The trusted leader in children 's learning really blew it with this product . I bought SS Baby deluxe , SS Preschool and SS Toddler for my 2 and 4 year olds . My little girl was SO excited to play these games but Uh-oh . The small print says several of the disks DO N'T WORK on Windows 2000 and they were developed for XP before the program was released so it is shaky on XP machines too . The bottom line - we ca n't run most of the CD 's - some will install but not play . Some wo n't give the sound , some wo n't install . Very disappointing . Also Encore -LRB- who produces product -RRB- says on their web that they do n't do refunds - you have to go back to the original store . Also they do n't have an 800 toll-free number so you have to pay for support calls . NOT WHAT I EXPECTED FROM SESAME STREET . I WILL BE VERY WARY OF ALL THEIR PRODUCTS NOW .
 I was completely disappointed with this software . I am a nursing major and desperately needed visuals to go along with my lectures and labs . This software is 1 . the worst ever to load , 2 . once loaded crashes the computer 3 . not very functional as well . I am sorry to say I wo n't recommend this software to ANYONE . If anyone knows of a good A&P ; visual software , please post it !!!! Thanks !
 Once you get the program loaded , it has some really great features . However , This program is like a pandora 's box problems problems and more problems . It crashed my computer I had to wipe my hard drive . I finally had to get a dummy computer to see what the program held . At the end of the day it was not worth the trouble
 This software slowed down my computer and then did n't ever really work correctly . I wound up wiping it off my computer completely and throwing it away . Plus the visuals are not as good nor the interface nearly as intuitive as my old Softkey Bodyworks software .
 I bought this at best buy and it would not run and the error message was in german . I exchanged it and had the same problem a second time . I contacted the manufacturer and got a new first disk . It now seems to be installed correctly but it asks for a password that I do not have .
 The creators of this software forgot to employ an expert on how to pronounce the terms . It is almost laughable how much the narrator misprounces all of the anatomy and physiology terms throughout each of the sections . Pretty sad because the images and videos are n't too bad . But a new student to this information would end up sounding like an idiot of they sounded like this .
 The cheesy 2x2 insert with ` instructions ' specifically tells me I will find 4 programs on the DVD ... yet I have only three and the ` web-only ' version at the manufacturer 's site makes no mention of it ... gives the appearance that it was a problem child that they just eliminated rather than supported . Further , the screen shots on the box , are in no way similar to the sophmoric and low grade interface and illustrations that I just installed . This is the crap you get when you buy on impulse ... do n't get this software ... it 's garbage !
 The trusted leader in children 's learning really blew it with this product . I bought SS Baby deluxe , SS Preschool and SS Toddler for my 2 and 4 year olds . My little girl was SO excited to play these games but Uh-oh . The small print says several of the disks DO N'T WORK ON WINDOWS 2000 and they were developed for XP before the program was released so it is shaky on XP machines too . The bottom line - we ca n't run most of the CD 's - some will install but not play . Some wo n't give the sound , some wo n't install . Very disappointing . Also Encore -LRB- who produces product -RRB- says on their web that they do n't do refunds - you have to go back to the original store . Also they do n't have an 800 toll-free number so you have to pay for support calls . NOT WHAT I EXPECTED FROM SESAME STREET . I WILL BE VERY WARY OF ALL THEIR PRODUCTS NOW
 Program does not work at all on Windows XP , at least the copy I got does not.P.O.S . Do n't buy it .
 To say this product is compatible with XP & Vista , while not providing a publication date , is very misleading . I assumed it was a product created -LRB- or updated -RRB- to be compatible with these fairly recent operating systems . However , the software turned out to be from 1998 . The instructions contain references to floppy discs.It provides the basic function as described - a place to enter all your personal information . But it is very basic , and very plain - nowhere near the graphical standard of more recent software.A publication date and a screen shot of the product should have been provided .
 We recently bought the software . My daughter is in Grade 2 . I figured since it says grades 1 to 3 it should be somewhat challenging . Like the previous reviewers wrote it 's a waste of time for seven year olds . Great if your kid is three or four.I wasted my money on this one . Shame on you Broderbund ! If you 're going to write software for three year olds write it on the box .
 This software simply refused to install on my computer . I get the now famous _ is2.tmp error message and that 's it . My system requirements are OK and I tried the clean boot , etc. . Same results . This piece of software is the only one with which I 've had trouble on this computer and I have installed a lot of software . Encore support simply ignored what I told them in my inquiry and told me to do a clean boot inspite of the fact that I told them I had tried that remedy .
 This software has been nothing but a headache . I have installed a lot of software in my day , but this is by far the worst I have ever seen . Broderbund tech support was of no assistance at all . Finally got it installed , and now after creating about 50 % of a family calender , it refuses to import any more photographs . Message `` the art gallery browser failed '' keeps appearing and I am unable to add any more pictures . Again , tech support is online , but does n't come close to addressing the browser failure problem . I have given up on this software , and will try again with some other product . If you buy this product , and it works for you , please create a review and tell us how you did it . I 'm not usually this negative , but after several hours of trying , I can no longer say anything good about this software .
 Calendar layout options are very limited . You can go online and print the choices offered here for free . Layout menus very obscure . Help is no help at all . I owned CC years ago and was hoping by now they would have improved it , sorry that 's not the case . I agree with another reviewer . there is so much potential here , too bad they do n't use it ! Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased what was said to be a CD-ROM for `` 2 '' -LRB- two -RRB- FULL Licenses of WinXP Home Edition for 178.99 -LRB- obviously for 2 seperate machines -RRB- - what I received today was a simple flyer in an XP Home Edition folder labeled `` Additional License Pack '' that contains one product key on the flyer and nothing else . The flyer states this key is for ONE machine only in additon , how can anyone start anything without the CD ?!?!? I can get an upgrade of the home editon BRAND NEW from MS for $ 89 !?!!? This obviously is going back ...
 Another way for Microsoft to `` give it '' to their customers : -LRB- I have an integrated WinXP on my desktop -LRB- A LOT of PCS you buy nowadays come with an integrated WinXP-what a rip off -RRB- So now I have to send it back . Microsoft makes me mad on so many levels . Now I have to send it back . Thanks Microsoft !
 The Standard edition does not have an upgrade wizard , the error lookup , nor any built in report tools . I am running an IBM T20 with 128 RAM and being in the IDE for more than an hour slows my machine to a fustrating crawl . It takes on average 37 seconds to switch from code view to object view . I then have to restart the application to get an improvement.All the features advertised seem to relate to Visual Studio . NET Professional and above , so this product has been a complete decoy . Do waste your money .
 I never could get the install to work . They ship you three CDs , and the first thing the install asks for is `` Windows Component Update for Visual Basic . Net '' . Of course they do n't send you this , and good luck finding it on their website .
 Sun ONE Studio 4 Community Edition is FREE . If you want to self-eduate yourself in how to develop web applications , it is a good choice .
 I purchased Microsoft Visual Basic.NET Standard under the misinformation that I was getting an actual functioning development package . I also purchased a book to help me get started `` Using MS Visual Basic.NET '' from Que . It was only after I attempted to work through the web application example did I find the problem . I only received a small portion of the program , which did not even let me work though the simple examples in the book.Not only did I need the `` Professional '' version to perform any of the examples shown in the book ; I needed to upgrade my operating system from XP Home Edition to XP Professional . This fact was well hidden in the documentation . In fact , it was only when I tried to install some missing files did I find that I could not create web applications . I could not create DLL 's . I could n't do a lot of the basic functions.So in order to just use the program as advertised , I would need to spend another -LSB- $ -RSB- + to upgrade to the Professional version of VB and another -LSB- $ -RSB- for XP Professional . Sure with rebate , it is `` only '' -LSB- $ -RSB- , but I am already into it for -LSB- $ -RSB- for the VB.NET Standard.The advertisement on the box states that I can upgrade my VB 6 applications , create XML documents , create class libraries . I ca n't even work through the simple examples , because the tools are not included.Don ' t bother purchasing this edition . It may be a great product for the professional programer , but it is priced out of the league for the rest of us mortals .
 First of all , do n't even waste your time or money on the standard edition . There 's nothing standard about it , it 's more like a trial version then anything else . Second , I 'm not sure why Microsoft is calling this Visual Basic because it 's a near complete different language . They have revamped VB to be more like Java . VB.net is purely interpreted with it 's own VM and memory manager/garbage collector . The complied VB.net apps run much more slowly than VB 6 apps . Quite honest , with all the new changes , I do n't see any incentives of using VB for windows apps anymore . I can get the same performance and functionality using Java now , plus Java is platform independent .
 I 've been a professional developer with VB6 Pro for years and found it to be a widely useful product . People accused it of being a `` toy language '' but with a little ingenuity and a few Windows API calls you can do nearly anything a C/C + + programmer can do , in a fifth the time.But this edition of Visual Basic is a downgrade . Do n't get me wrong , I like the changes Microsoft has made to the language , but the VB.NET Standard package is a hamstrung dog . You ca n't use it to create DLLs or custom controls , so modularized code goes out the window . They only give you part of the web package , so all the claims about web development are just a lure.The most irritating thing is that if you buy the next edition up you 're paying for C# as well , even though the two languages are using the same libraries and the same runtime and are completely functionally equivalent . I like the design choice , but the no one needs both languages , so why is n't there a Visual Basic.NET Professional edition?Par for course , Microsoft is stacking redundant features in one box to raise the price . It 's just that in this case , the programming language itself has become a mere feature .
 This product does not include the upgrade wizard for visual basic 6.0 scripts . In order to get the upgrade wizard you must buy the whole visual studio package which costs -LSB- much -RSB- more . Just another way to make a little more money !!
 I wrote a small program consisting of several forms . You 'd think it would be easy to deploy using the wizard , right ? No . You ca n't just click a few buttons and create a program file that will run on any Windows Machine.I went to the exe file that was in my programs folder and moved it to my desktop . Guess what ? You ca n't even move the exe file and have a program run like a normal exe file . Creating your own programs for fun that you can share with others is not doable with this product , which is what I wanted.My advice is , stick to VB 6 if you do n't need this for work or school and have n't upgraded to Windows XP ,
 As with all MSFT software the program has a clean ui , and it is pretty easy to figure out how to do stuff.However , this is the first release of a new version , and the resulting teething problems mean you should pause before purchasing this if you already have a C++ compiler.My primary complaints about the software are : - Libraries and software that compiled in MSVC + + 6.0 no longer compile in . NET . Worse , the errors listed by the compiler do not provide meaningful clues as to what is wrong -LRB- error C1001 , internal compiler error -RRB- . In the newsgroups , the standard MSFT response has been that the problem is with your source , not the compiler . - The help and the ui are not in synch . For instance , the names used in the help files for project properties , and the actual naming in the dialog are different . This makes it hard to determine what you need to change when trying to configure your project.Summary
 I bought this to take advantage of the ability to quickly visually design dialogs as in 6.0 which was recommended to me only to find out that the designers are not included in C++ as they are in C# and Visual Basic . Good luck finding that out on the MS website . So with the premier MS C++ development tool , you are still counting pixels for a simple dialog box !
 Note after spending a good bit of time with this software , I felt compelled to rewrite my review.I use Visual Studio as an editor when I write code for Linux/Unix , and also to develop native XP/2000 device drivers and windows application code.This version is basically an upgrade of Visual C++ 6 , with . NET , managed classes , and better template and ANSI standards adherence . Any problems you had with STL are resolved with this version . Note , on some code you will get some errors on code that compiled without warning under VC6 , due to a stricter compiler.Unfortunately , there are some negatives . The biggest is a rewrite of the Visual Studio IDE . The Visual Studio C++ class wizard is gone . Yes . Gone . You will have to spend time -LRB- and a large amount of it -RRB- to relearn how to add events , message handlers , and otherwise get up to speed with the VB-ish property window.What would take me five minutes -LRB- drag and drop of an ActiveX control -RRB- ended up taking several hours of sifting through the help files.This version is basically the academic version , with some crippled functionality . This version will not allow you to generate optimized code -LRB- / Ox switches are disabled -RRB- , and some other functionality has been removed.Also , you will want to have at least 512 MB , or it will crawl . I keep reverting back to Visual Studio C++ because of the . NET 's lethargy . Luckily , unlike previous versions of Visual C++ , the two versions can coexist on your system peacefully.Further , if you intend to do any . NET development , you may be somewhat disappointed as . NET support is primarily focused on C# and VB . There are no examples for C++ using . NET assemblies , etc. .
 Please please help !! I 've learned c++ very well but I do n't know !! should I go with c++ . net or c++ Builder ?? Which one is better ????? Please help ...
 Has anybody installed this product on XP Home Edition ? Does it work OK ? I 'm talking about actually compiling/linking on Home Edition , not compiling on XP Professional and running the resulting executable on Home Edition .
 The ide , the compiler and the whole package itself is great . The shame is that what microsoft calls c# is only java ... Too lame ... By the way it 's as good as java , so it has all its pro and its bad sides
 I tried to install the program in two different machines , one with windows 2000 pro and the other with Windows XP Pro . When I run the application I got the error message the application can not run . I then click on help but the windows does not allow me to see the message behind , being impossible to move it . I am disappointed .
 If you want a features list , go to the site - everything it says it can do it does , but the cost is an odd complement for the features . Is it worth the ease and intigration for the extra 900 dollars over Visual C++ 6.0 ? I 'm not that sure , but I think you might rather take the extra hour or so to create a window with API or MFC than earn the extra money - then again , it might be because I have n't graduated highschool yet . Hopefully that will not bring up any prejudices , as I did make sure I attempted at all the options , and I must say I am happy with the product , but would I recommend paying the toll ? No - although the server tools and language integration -LRB- I can now work with a friend who uses Java -RRB- , the cost is very steep .
 This product is NOT so revolutionary as Microsoft tries to present . Anyway , even writing a web tools with a help of it will limit you on MS platforms ...
 Dealing with Cheepmac is pretty riskyWhen I received the software package , it is an upgrade for Microsoft Visual Studio.net 2002 and not Visual Studio 6.0 as the ad claimed.I have sent a number -LRB- 5 to 8 -RRB- emails from work and home to Cheepmac@yahoo.com in regards to this problem and trying to get shipping information to return this item . I sent these emails within the 7 days of receiving the order.I have never received an email from Cheepmac@yahoo.com for return instructions.I contacted Microsoft on the phone and they said that this upgrade had been discontinued a long time ago and clearly states on the package what the requirements were and it looked as if Cheepmac took me to the cleaners.I do not know why Cheepmac will not contact me back .
 I bought my VS7 Professional Upgrade -LRB- 06/02 -RRB- and have encountered 2 major problems.First the CD 's do not install . There is a grinding noise in my CD-ROM . Evidently other purchasers are experiencing the same problems . THe PC and CD-ROM which I own is the latest from DELL purchased in the last month . All other CD 's load fine.Second , in order to get the rebate ... from Microsft , you need to send in a proof of purchase from one of the previous versions of Microsoft products . THe proof of purchase is the product box top with the product name and bar code clearly identified
 I have installed the Visual Studio . NET without any errors , but the development environment will not start . I have tried the installation , reinstallation on Windows XP Professional , Windows XP Home , Windows 2000 Professional . The development environment will not start in ANY of the environments . All I get is the following error appears
 After 2 days I finally got a working if limited install of this program that did not crash when launching . Leave it to Microsoft to create a product that does not work with certain DVDs and CD-ROMs . Their response is to xcopy the cds to your hard drive . -LRB- Hope you got 2G of space -RRB- Still did not fully work.Of course it could be the disks themselves are corrupt . Guess I still got a few more days of work ahead of me . Before you buy check the newsgroups to make sure you got a compatable drive , pioneer dvds are a known problem .
 Just a game - kind of like hitting flying missiles before your time runs out - only this time you are trying to hit as many right notes as they move across the screen . Nothing more . Just a game . If you want to learn to play piano , try something else .
 Studio 10 was the biggest piece of junk that i 've EVER purchased . I can not believe that anything that this company produces is worthwile . Avoid at all costs .
 As a user of Widows Media Maker , it was difficult not to get excited when I saw this product
 Pinnacle Studio 11 UltimateThe software is not bad , once you get past the registration and activation process.Be very careful about the spelling of the url to register and activate.There is a web site with a url only one letter different in spelling that your browser may grab instead of the real Pinnacle site.You will want http://www.pinnaclesys.com/hfxbonus/ not http://www.pinnacalesys.com/hfxbonus/.Note the extra `` a '' before the `` l '' in Pinnacle in the bad site URL . Both sites are apparently real Pinnacle sites so why are they so close in URL name with one being the wrong spelling of Pinnacle?I do not understand why they do not shut the second site down so it does not interfere with the registration and activation process . Perhaps they really want customers to become extremely frustrated.Communication with Pinnacle is also frustrating . Once you are a registered user of the software , you must register several different passwords to access different parts of the customer service web site.You will want to be prepared to read a great deal if you want to get help with a problem and be willing to simply read more if they send you a reply to a request for help . They will refer you back to the web site for the answer to your question so you will have to read a lot of stuff that does not help until YOU figure out what the REAL answer to you question is.Directions in some of the email responses from Pinnacle will be incorrect . For example , you will be told that your `` passport '' number to re-access your activation keys will be in the Help menu under `` About '' . It is in fact not under `` About '' but in the drop down menu just above `` About '' so if you are frustrated and in a hurry you may miss it.If you start to order software from the Pinnacle site but decide you do not want it , even if you cancel the process before paying for it , it will still be ordered . You can then access information about the order and see the order on the screen but you can not access any process to alter or cancel the order . You must us a different website entry to access this feature or call the sales line.The greatest frustration is that there are a lot of transitions and effects in the software that will not be activated even upon registration and activation of the Ultimate version . It is not clear which features are parts of the Ultimate version and some are extras that you must pay for in addition to the software cost . There is no indication in the interface which features cost extra or how to activate them.The manual omits some key words in the index so you have to use the help search in the interface.The absolute worst feature of this software is related to the rendering of the effects and transitions . Under the `` Video and audio preferences '' tab is a check box item `` Enable Background Rendering '' . If this is selected , Studio will render or attempt to render the transitions and effects of your project while you are still editing it . There are no other choices for rendering . No `` Foreground Rendering '' or anything similar . You must go to this dialog box and turn the `` Background Rendering '' on and off . Why not just say `` Enable Rendering '' . A better approach would be to have a `` Render Effects and Transitions '' button on the interface and make the process work only when the button is depressed . Once the rendering is complete , it would not render again until the button is again depressed . Going into the dialog box and enabling and disabling the `` Background Rendering '' takes up a lot of time and is a slow process . Allowing the `` Background Rendering '' to run all the time slows down the editing process to a frustrating pace . They need to change this setting process.Be aware that in addition to the hard drive space needed for the software and `` extras '' that the software uses a huge amount of hard drive for auxiliary files of rendered effects and transitions.So , have at least one 500 GB + hard drive available for video files and the auxiliary files . Put the software on one drive and your video files on another to speed up rendering time .
 What a disappointment !! I have a Canon HG10 camcorder that records video in AVCHD . Pinnacle claims that the software can handle AVCHD content with the following system requirements : Processor
 Pinnacle Studio 11 Ultimate - What a horrible product ! I have been successfully working with video for 5 years . I had Studio 8 , which was satisfactory . I got a new system with lots of space and power . I run Windows XP Professional . I have spent the last 7 days trying to get this thing to render . No luck . I uninstalled , reinstalled , loaded every patch known to humanity . I rendered without even breathing . I rendered in most all formats . The last 30 % of any slideshow refuses to render . Period . Support is a repetitive , cruel , circular trip to Hades . If someone paid me I would never use Pinnacle again . I am cutting my losses , and mailing the thing gratis back to the company with my opinion ... not that they will ever find someone to actually read it .
 I began a recent project a year ago . It was a 30 minute long movie and it should have taken a month to edit . First , version 9 was what I was using and that screwed up sound and had really jerky and disfunctional playback . Then I blew money on 11 . It definitely seems more stable than version 9 , the playback is better and the sound works better in edit mode , but when burning it totally screwed up the sound balance of my movie . I worked on it way too long and spent more money on sound cards and the different sound options trying to get it to work . When the sound problem was n't enough , it also decided to not burn the last minute of movie every time I tried to burn it . It even does n't work when I break it up into 10-minute pieces . I am really tired of dealing with this software and would not recommend it unless you want to have heart problems , anger issues , and hair loss . Good luck finding something good - I 'll probably be looking too !
 I purchased Studio 9 and it worked fine on an xp os . I use this maybe twice a year to make a highlight video for my daughter basketball team . Therefore I do n't have time to spend 1000 + hours trying to learn all the unique workarounds this product has.First of all their tests on Vista were on one specially designed system . Studio 11 Ultimate will not work on a VISTA laptop . You will end up pulling your hair out . You probably can use it on a laptop if you shut down most of the services running and do not use it with any other programs . It does n't like to share.Do not use this product on the internet except to register but also because this product does not like to work with any AV programs . It will crash and burn.Second , their support staff is from India and no one there can speak English to do any thing more than to frustrate and discourage you.Third back up everything before you load this on your computer as it has a tendency to destroy things . You may have to reinstall this package several times to get it to work properly.Fourth make sure you have a recovery disk handy as you will probably need it to recover your operating system -LRB- VISTA and some XP -RRB- . Fifth Ulead Photoimpact has a product that looks similar and they have a free product download . If you only do this as a hobby and rarely use it do n't waste your time and money.My experience with this product has been horrible in the past . However , when it works and if you 've got the time to go through all the different trials this may be the product for you . I do n't think they have tested this product enough and the programmer apparently do not listen to the folks who do use it and make changes to the application that have no bearing on anything helpful .
 I have given feedback on Roxio 9 , Roxio Company gave me full refund , since I was not satisfied . Good customer service.Now , this time I bought Pinnacle 11 . This product has great features but rendering is terrible . And it is not stable , crashes at least 2 times in 2 hour video production . My machine
 This is the third release of Studio starting with 8 , 9 Plus and now 11 unlimite . I am giving up after 2 month of wasted time spent on the phone with tech support and rendering DVD 's that do n't play . Its simple , the product does not do what its advertising it can do . There are always dropped frames and the sound gets out of sync with the video on all of the DVDs I 've made . After tech support was done with its wasted troubleshooting steps I had to reinstall XP . There are too many other video editing software titles out there with better ratings then to waist your money on this one . Do n't let the advertising fool you . After all this trouble I purchased Adobe Premiere Elements 3.0 for less money and I 've had no problems with it at all . Be sure you have backed up everything on your pc before you install this product and work with the support team because if you loose it all like I did , you will only spend many more hours trying get your pc back to the way it was before you tried Studio 11 Ultimate .
 I find little difference between Studio 10 and Studio 11 . The few improvements I noticed so far , are not worth the price . To be fair I have only used the program for 3 weeks and may possibly find other improvements in the future . The reason for writing this post is to warn everyone not buy Studio 11 Ultimate unless your computer 's graphic card is able to handle VitaScene . This program was the main reason for my purchase of Studio 11 Ultimate . Before you buy perform a GPU test at www.prodad.com to see if your graphic card is ready for VitaScene . In order to upgrade your graphics card your computer must have a PCI Express slot . I have not been able to find PCI graphics cards that can handle VitaScene . If anyone knows where to find one that can , let me know . Thank you
 Very slow on start up , attempts to connect to the internet each time program is started . I deny it , seems to take forever to load . Attempted to make a simple video slideshow from photos , kept getting `` not responding '' , would just hang there ... -LRB- vista os -RRB- Spent about 4 hours attempting to use the PIP feature , never was able to get it right ... . I give up , going back to adobe photoshop and premier elements .
 Try the product before you buy it . Oh yeah , that 's right -- they do n't offer a trial version . Ask yourself why . Every other comparable product is offered as a trial version.My experience with this product , and the support behind it , was HORRIBLE and I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Do n't bother . Spent more time restarting the app than I did editing the video .
 I have owned and used the Studio 8 for many years and decided to upgrade it due to new features like HD and iPod conversions ! The entire product looks almost exactly the same as my old version 8 with a new `` face lift '' . The very expected iPod conversion was not even close in quality to the TMPGenc . It takes way too long to convert and the final result is poor . Together with the product came as a free bonus two volumes of their FX effects but when I tried to unlock it it says I have a wrong key code ! I got absolutely no answer from my e-mails to Pinnacle requesting a solution for that unlocking key .
 I work in television and have for over 20 years . I wanted a solid software to video edit at home for a new web network featuring broadcast programs . I read a number of reviews at several well-respected sites and they all gave Pinnacle high marks . All I can guess is someone is being paid off for these good reviews.The software crashes constantly and the english-challenged support , when you can get them without paying extra after your first visit , simply reads from guide books and gives you standard answers with no technical knowledge whatsoever . They will ALWAYS blame your video card , audio card , lack of memory , you name it . They insisted a recent issue was all of the above , and when I read off the values on my system , the kid had no idea where to turn . He indicated rebooting the computer would help and told me there was nothing more he could do . Reboot , still crashes.I absolutely implore you to not purchase one single product from Pinnacle . Also , when they say certain items are included with a purchase , they are flat out lying . They give you an access code to get TO the features , but then it 's an additional charge and it 's not just a few dollars.Let me repeat myself . PLEASE do not purchase anything from Pinnacle no matter how many positive reviews you read from consumer sites . You will regret the purchase , you wo n't see your money again , you will receive horrible support , and you will be stuck . I can not wait to purchase a MAC with Final Cut Pro or IMovie , neither of which ever crashes . Even Power Director is better than this piece of flotsam .
 You get a lot for what you pay . A lot of features and a lot of grief . It offered to let me download the 11.1 upgrade -- this resulted in an information free error message and a system lockup . The user interface is very unintuitive . I went to use the contrast/brightness feature and found they want me to pay another $ 49 for it ! I ca n't believe that . If true I will return Studio 11 and go for Adobe Premier .
 Pinnacle 's Serial Numbers and Activation Keys expire after two years.This applies to all Pinnacle software , not just software downloaded online . Activation Keys bought online AND Serial Numbers for software bought in retail stores only work for two years.It 's in the fine print - which you ca n't even see until you rip open the box -LRB- thereby forfeiting your right to a refund -RRB- and click the `` Yes , I Agree '' button during installation.If you have to reinstall the program -LRB- or any part of it -RRB- two years and a day after buying it , you will have to completely repurchase the software.What 's especially fishy about Pinnacle is how it will suddenly start crashing at 2 years after initial installation . My video drivers stopped working at a point , I 'd later realize , coincident with the 2 year anniversary of my having installed the Pinnacle software.In trying to fix the suspiciously-timed program crash I was mystified to learn that a number clearly printed on a CD sleeve was suddenly `` Not a Valid Serial Number . '' The Activation Keys I 'd bought online , and had on file , were suddenly incorrect.I contacted Pinnacle , who informed me of the two year statement in the agreement . Here is an excerpt from their email : `` The reason you are not able to obtain a redownload of your purchase isthat the Extended Download Service was not purchased with your downloadand the time to purchase this service has expired . Unfortunately , thismeans that in order to obtain the product , you will need to repurchaseit . `` Keep in mind - I was asking Pinnacle for no software . All I needed was a Serial Number and Activation Keys , because the Serial Number printed on the CD sleeve itself , and the Activation Keys I 'd received two years earlier no longer worked.Just something you might want to keep in mind before buying Pinnacle software .
 Neither myself or my computer are slouches . I built my first computer in 1967 with real hand built and/or gates . I build a power computer every 2 years or so just to keep current . -LRB- I was a field engineer for over 30 years with a large company that pioneered the computer industry -RRB- . So , I know hardware and software better than most people.Pinnacle Studio Ultimate was purchased to simply turn my taped video into DVD format . I had the impression this was the greatest thing since Alaric sacked Rome . It is n't . This is , hands down , the buggiest software I ever bought.The sad thing is you can make a really wonderful , feature rich movie that lives up to it 's makers ballyhooing , but you just ca n't make a DVD without loosing the audio most of the time . This software crashes , chews at the hard drive for hours , and even did something to my computer that causes the processors to run at 50 % usage when it should be idle . In other words , I have lost half of my computer power to this sorry bag of bugs.Read the forums on Pinnacle about the agony of audio dropping . Then google `` CPU runs at 50 % in idle '' . You will then learn the Zen of `` Process Explorer '' . Do n't buy this product until there is a major patch to fix this Bugzilla you 're thinking of buying.What to recommend ? I do n't know.I bought ULead 11 and found it 's ... well ... . overpriced for what it does , which is n't much . I have n't used the trial version of Adobe Elements because their trial download for their product seems to have been pulled . The highlighted link is there but it has no target file attached.I refuse to spend a grand just to get reliable software that accepts my downloaded tapes and turns them into DVD . So , I 'll have wait for the patch , too.I 'm not going to be holding my breath waiting , just my wallet .
 I bought a Panasonic HDC-SD5 which records on SDHC flash cards . An enclosed disc for Pinnacle Stdio 11 was enclosed in the purchase . It was a free trial which could be upgraded to Studio 11 plus which was touted to be able to be compatible with the HDC-SD5 and also with the new format AVCHD . I beleived them and immediately bought the upgrade for 79.95 and downloaded the key codes for full functionality of the Pinnacle Studio 11 plus.BOTTOM LINE ... . It is INCOMPATIBLE with the Panasonic HDC-SD5 Flash Camcoder . It WILL NOT recognize the camera via the USB connection -LRB- Pinnacle states in their Knowledge Base that their product can not recognize cameras thru USB , , , , only 1394 connection -RRB- . It WILL NOT ` read ' the Flash card containing video recorded by the HDC-SD5 my PC 's card reader . The only video which it recognized in my PC was the downloaded sample video which came with the Pinnacle software and a MPEG2 video which I created.None of the AVCHD files which were created by the HDC-SD5 could be viewed by this Pinnacle software.I could not get anything to work !!! I emailed Pinnacle and to their credit , Kate from tech support began to ` help ' me with my problem . She directed me to their knowledge base , which I had already exhausted . She then instructed me to connect the video camcorder with a 1394 connection -LRB- it does not have one -RRB- . She then got me to download a Belarc program which would tell her what system I was running , etc. . Also asked for MSINFO and DXdiag files ... then told me that the Pinnacle software could indeed hookup via a USB port.Kate then directed as follows : `` I apologized for any inconvenience this may have caused you . Using Studio 11 you should be able to import files via USB port . You try using Windows movie maker to import the files or use the software that came with the camcorder . Then import in Studio for editing . You also try to uninstall and reinstall Studio , you may refer on the link provided below . To uninstall follow the procedure under section 2 . To reinstall follow the procedure under section 3 . `` After this weird instruction , I uninstalled Pinnacle and told Kate that I would not pay the 79.95 for their crappy product when it showed up on my AMEX bill.Do your self a favor and avoid this product for ACVHD camcorders.BTW , I emailed Panasonic and chided them for including such a crappy incompatible piece of software with their HDC-SD5 and they elected NOT to respond . A friend of mine who is a Mac user says that I-movie which is bundled with his MAC opens these ACVHD files flawlessly . Wonder why Pinnacle ca n't accomplish this feat ?!?!?
 I have been an occasional user of Pinnacle products for several years - with my last version being `` 9 '' . It crashed and locked up frequently - a problem that I understand got worse with version 10 . I read all kinds of hype about Ver 11 - all of the features , better stability , etc. . Well , folks - `` it ai n't true '' from my experiences ! I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone . I have a decent computer system , yet Studio Ver 11 has locked up on me probably a dozen times . Each time , I get the insulting window asking me to describe what I was doing when things went south . Fine ! How about some RESOLUTION to those issues . I am also fed up with the sales pitches that are planted everywhere in both the manual and the software for `` upgrading '' to additional titles , features , etc. . And just think - I was dumb enough to buy the `` Ultimate '' edition thinking it would have lots of available titles and features . There actually seems to be fewer titles than I had in the previous version of this software ! Good bye to Pinnacle and Avid !
 Most of the features as advertised failed to work . Customer support is slow to respond by e-mail , no phone support is available . Product is a nightmare to use . I would not recommend this product .
 Pinnacle does not offer a trial version so I bought this product on the assumption that it would work with AVCHD files ... and it does ... but the rendered output is absolutely awful in any format that will play on my computer or standard DVD player . I did not test HDDVD or BlueRay since I do n't have one of those players . The quality is much worse than the DVD output the free software Sony includes with their cameras . My advice is do n't buy this if you want it for AVCHD . You will not like the output and since it 's software you ca n't return it . Take a look at Sony Vegas instead . It costs about the same and you can download a trial version -LRB- 30 days , fully functional -RRB- to be sure .
 This was an upgrade from version 9 to 11 . Now that I have version 11 I wished I had spent my money else where . I was really expecting the ability to edit sounds to be improved , this was whole reason for me to upgrade from version 9 . The new version is just as bad at allowing sound manipulation as the older version . Sound is 50 % of your video . I like everything else about this software , but the sound editing ability , or lack of , severely disappoints me ...
 Oh yes ! This has one easy interface ! You can edit a movie in minutes , but you ca n't output a sharp video with it . No matter how hard you try , all renders will be blurred . Any NTSC format including mpg-1 , mpg-2 , mpg-4 , and wmv are blurred , no matter what the input media is . Pinnacle even supplies you with a sample movie that 's sharp and clear , but you can not render it to any format and retain the original quality . This makes this product one to stay away from.The editing is n't really all that simple either . You ca n't set markers and regions . The undo function undoes things like stretching the timeline . You ca n't name your project and tell it what to save your output media format or the filename . Many things become repetitive . It 's not that easy of an interface.Don ' t buy this ! Spend a little more time with your video by learning to use Sony 's Vegas 8 . You 'll save yourself a lot of grief . At least you 'll get videos that are rendered as sharp as your original , whether they 're imported from a file or from your camcorder .
 I purchased Studio 9 and ended up throwing it into the garbage . If they could release something as bad as Studio 9 I recommend not trusting these crooks again . You can find out more about Studio 9 by looking at the reviews .
 Pinnacle can not render itself out of a paper bag . Not being able to correctly render your own project files is pretty pathetic ...
 I tried to make the hd movie from my JVC HD cam , frist , it can not detect my cam , second , too many code to enter to unknock the feature , third , not all of them work , it took me whole month and still to work on it , I tried every think to made it detect my cam , and it can not read tod format , I owen Pinacle 7,8,9,10 they all work good but the 11 , forget the suport , it take you century to wait on the phone , and the answer of your question is reinstore , and still not work .
 I wont dwell to long on this review . If you are serious about your editing then STAY AWAY from this product . Horrible at handling large files , which if your into HD video this can be a serious issue . To be completely honest there is free software available that will load and partially encode a video before Studio even gets the same video loaded after selecting it . Once it does load things do not get any better.This software is fine for someone who does not know better and any good reviews will be from those exact people . Save your money and look around for free , faster alternatives .
 I was told that this software also came with a capture card for recording of devices via xbox 360 and of the sort , but it did not . Just wanted to let everyone know that you would have to spend an extra $ 50-100 more on a capture card .
 I bought Pinnacle Studio 11 because I needed a way to edit video from my new AVCHD camcorder . I 've used Pinncale 10 in the past , but I far prefer Adobe Premiere . -LRB- Pinnacle 's support for Vista with Studio 10 consists of releasing betas every couple months which time out , requiring you to download the next beta . -RRB- After installing Studio 11 , I got error messages about the Adorage plug-in . I called Pinnacle `` support '' and waited on hold for 52 minutes before a barely-understandable person told me to uninstall and reinstall . I said I just wanted to disable the plugin , but they told me there was no way to do so . I pointed out that their own discussion forum had postings on how to do so -- which I found while waiting on hold -- but they did n't know how and said I might corrupt my installation . I pointed out that this would only require me to uninstall and reinstall , which was what they wanted me to do anyway.The product works , more or less , but I 'm not a fan of the interface . Premiere is much more intuitive . -LRB- No , I 'm not an Adobe shill . -RRB- Also , most of the transitions have a little treasure chest icon meaning you have to pay more for them . I wish I could turn them off and just focus on what I 've already paid for.Bottom line
 Avid/Pinnacle Studio 11 and update 11.1 - good software , not great , released too soon before bugs worked out . Only certain features work flawlessly , and others create stress migraines . Mysteries , too , as I found after installing the first two discs -LRB- did not bother with the pay as you go `` bonus '' 3rd disc -RRB- - found that none of my USB plugs worked . They just ceased to recognize anything plugged . My DVD ceased to autoplay rented movie dvd 's and music cd 's . The dvd drive and usb ports had worked perfectly before . A few other issues discovered , minor nuisances . Crashes frequently . I began my several days of web search and gathered solutions to issues -LRB- as I will need them -RRB- , such as with usb -LRB- reinstall the drivers -RRB- and dvd drive -LRB- uninstall a major Pinnacle feature , tho unimportant to me -RRB- , and many others . Note , Pinnacle not alone with these problems - do n't look at Adobe 's complaint forum . I have so many notes from reading about the problems of others that I have a book . Even so , glad I did buy the software , as it has a lovely interface , works most of the time , allows a number of pleasant choices of special effects , soothing transitions , memorable titling , and serves to make satisfactory dvd movies -LRB- mpeg-2 -RRB- and web clips -LRB- mp4 -RRB- . Even as it hogs the resources of my expensive up to date computer , defeating most of its selling points of true multitasking dual core technolgy , etc. . I used free online softwares till I advanced to Studio 11 , only to find the Amazon box sold here outdated and poorly functional and requiring a tedious web upgrade to 11.1 , with rumors of so many problems remaining that another version updater coming . I almost went with Adobe 's popular consumer video editor until I got tired scanning its dozens of pages of issues aggravating its users - should have looked at Pinnacle 's forum before dismantling my freeware programs that worked famously flawlessly . Look for an ebook soon .
 I 've purchased Pinnacle studio software several times in the past , so I recently bought the newest version of Pinnacle Studio to do import movies from my mini-DVD camcorder and then burn them back to a full-size DVD . Nothing too fancy . The software imported as expected , but it froze 1/10 of the way through burning the simple movie to a regular DVD . I did no editing to the movie , and it was only 3 minutes of video . I reinstalled the software twice on two different machines , all to no avail . I invested 4 hours of my time trying to get the buggy software to work on my machine -LRB- a new Dell w/XP Pro -RRB- , and finally decided to just return the software . Because I made the mistake of buying this directly from Pinnacle instead of my normal habit of buying from Amazon , I had to go through Pinnacle customer support to process the return . Several calls -LRB- with long hold times , of course -RRB- with technical support later , I was promised several times that a more senior technical support technician would contact me to determine whether or not a return was merited , despite the fact that the Level 1 support technicians could not solve the problem . I never received a call . Finally , 2 months after I purchased the software , I got fed up and insisted on speaking to a manager in the customer support division . They gave me a long story about how I had to wait for technical support to get back to me.At this point , Pinnacle sold me software that did not work as advertised and has essentially made it unreasonably difficult to return the faulty product . I 'm terribly disappointed in the horrible product that Pinnacle delivered and the horrific lack of respect they 've shown me as a customer . I will not buy Pinnacle software again , and I highly recommend Amazon customers stay away from this software as well .
 Pinnacle does not stand by its products or customers and this software is a nightmare . I got a new Dell Windows Vista laptop 3 months ago and loaded Pinnacle Studio 11 Ultimate . The installation kept crashing , something was wrong and my laptop stopped accepting Windows updates the same day that this happened . I spoke to Pinnacle support -LRB- if you want to call it that -RRB- for 12 days in a row , was transferred around so many times ; representatives promised to call back and they did not-I even had to file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau to get them to call me . When they did call me they still could not fix the problem and refused to provide any kind of satisfactory resolution.Finally I returned the item for a refund but I still had to reformat my laptop to fix the problems caused by the damaged software . And you can imagine the time it took me to reformat ... Never again .
 History
 I have been installing software since Radio Shack model 1 days and this was the most frustrating experience I have ever had . I have been using Studio since at least version 7 . First Pinnacle provided absolute no installation instructions . I was installing to a brand new PC with VISTA Home Premium . The Pinnacle Studio 11 Plus seemed to install just fine , but the second disk `` Studio Ultimate '' seemed to stop . After waiting several hours because the installation window said `` Wait while your software is configured '' , I finally realized the next window I should be able see was actually hidden behind the front window.The installation continued that way , each window coming up behind all the other windows . This may be a VISTA bug , but it has not happened on any of the other software I have installed since.When I questioned Support what I got with this `` Ultimate '' disk , and how do I know if they load correctly , the response was SoundSoap * Moving Picture * VitaScene . I got no indication of how to find them . Using the program help system gave me some indication of what `` Moving Pictures '' is , there is no information on the other two . They do n't show in `` Task Manager '' either . I may nerve know where they are or if they even loaded .3 rd disk `` Studio Bonus '' boy that sounds great , later I found out this is nothing but a bunch extra stuff you can shell out more bucks for . During the installation of this 3rd disk , after I continued to move windows around to see what was behind , I ran across the window to install this mysterious `` Sound Soap '' . Well I had 3 option , who knows which is correct.Boy just a few words of instructions would have been nice . I tried one , it was a trial version , the next was a buy option at $ 396 . Well the third was the correct since it ask for a serial number . So I got to the 3rd disk sleeve , no serial number to be found . Then I noticed it over on the 2nd sleeve . I had so much trouble getting out of the trial version installation that I still do n't know if I got a trial version , a real version or any version.The `` VitaScene '' , what ever that is , is a mystery too . do n't show up in help and support continue to ignore my request for help in location it.My recommendation is get version 10 , It worked great and did not have any second party mystery addons .
 Existing Studio users be very careful ! I bought this as an upgrade to my version 9 software . However on installing it did n't work with existing Smartcapture files and on searching all over the place I found a one liner on the read me file saying Smartcapture is not supported . However this is not mentioned anywhere else , no mention at all of this in the whole manual , on the help or their web site - just try searching with Smartcapture and see what you get ! Given that Smartcapture was one of their major sales features to remove ALL backward compatability in this way is unbelievable . If you have no files captured in Smartcapture it does n't matter particularly but if like me you have 70 + video files from the last 25 years , all captured , split into sections and documented using Smartcapture then this is a real problem . Firstly they should make this clear in the marketing material so you do n't waste your money on an upgrade like I did , secondly surely something as fundamental as this should be clear in the online help and in the manual . Then to make it worse I contacted Pinnacle support who wasted hours of my time with failed implementation instructions of different types -LRB- the product did n't work properly apart from the Smartcapture issue -RRB- until the technician , after another specific query on Smartcapture replied that he had just found out it was n't supported . But my original mail asked this question and the first response was it is fixed in the 11.1.1 patch . I do n't think he even read my original support request and just assumed that any problems would be fixed in the patch .
 If you want an easy program to install , Studio plus11 & upgrade to Ultimate which I bought . Take some headache meds before handing this program . SoundSoap is such a pain to install , it has taken me 8 hours to try and figure out the authorized their stupid plug . Why ca n't they just say hear enjoy ! No make us unstall & reinstall . But when you open plus 11 , your not shure where the plugins are , and how to open Sounsoap ? I bought this for the film and lighting effects . If I knew It would be such a pain I would have ever have bought it . . AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
 I have been a Studio user since version 7 . I abandoned it for Cyberlink 's Power Director which is not nearly as `` cool '' with fancy Transitions and Title Editing , but it is somewhat Stable ! I have been in the Video Editing game since analog Tape-to-Tape with a Take-Bar and I would have figured that Digital would have made it easier . Wrong!Pinnacle should be embarassed ! It literally takes 2 hours to install . . then you Register multimple times and then you find out -LRB- in between Crashes -RRB- that you get `` a Sales Pitch '' to unlock about 80 % of the features . Are you kidding !!? I spent $ 120 for Ultimate and I have to BUY MORE ? My old Hollywood FX Plug-ins no longer work . Customer Support is horrible -LRB- that is IF you have a half a day to devote to being on Hold -RRB- . Bottom line
 I installed the product out of the box and before you knew it , I was happily importing video and editing the content with no problem . Unfortunately , when it was time to create the DVD the problems began ... . Everytime I tried to render the project or burn the disk the software just hangs . I can render any format except DVD -LRB- which is why I bought the software -RRB- . After multiple uninstalls and reinstalls Pinnacle 's advise is to reinstall my operating system and try again . I would be very leery of purchasing this for your windows computer if it is n't a fairly clean operating install -LRB- unless you think you want to reinstall the OS -RRB- .
 I have used this product over the years , from way back with earlier versions . I had nothing but problems with this product . So I thought , ok , after all these versions , maybe they got it right . BOY WAS I WRONG ! Nothing but problem after problem ! Pure frustration ! Imagine working on a project for days , putting hours of work into it , and when you go and try to render it to a DVD , it fails . That 's what you 'll get . Of course I called tech support and they are useless . Asking you to do things that waste even more of your time . I went through about , no lie , 12-15 blank DVD 's trying to get this project to render . Oh , sometimes it would render but there would be glitches in it , OR no sound would play . Sometimes , it just simply failed . My pc is not weak either , a dell xps 400 . So I should have had no problems ... do yourself a favor , please do n't waste your money . I promise you this , you will regret it . Pass the word along . Not to mention , having to pay more money for any decent transitions after you 've already paid quite a bit for it ! And get this , my project was only still photos with music , not even video and it still failed ! I told pinnacle i would spread the word on their crappy product and that 's what i 'm doing . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Buy anything but this for editing if you want to keep your sanity . Crash , Crash , freeze , crash , reboot , reboot , is about all it is good at . Customer service is non-existent as well . Read the Pinnacle forums -LRB- which is the only place you can get any help at all -RRB- and you will see me and countless other users begging for help to keep the program from crashing . Total joke , surprised they are are selling something so bad . Only users not complaining are ones converting straight tapes to DVDs , try to edit , throw in a DVD menu and some transitions and the software is toast .
 I bought this from a local retailer who has a `` no returns on open software '' policy . I ca n't even get it to install properly and now that it is open , of course , I ca n't return it . Tried calling Pinnacle 's `` customer service '' line . Was on hold twice for more than 30 minutes each time . The people on the phone were very hard to understand and they knew nothing about the product , I mean absolutely nothing . I would have been better off asking my dog for help . Then I tried the live online chat help section on the website . The password they set up for me did n't work . Another 15 minute phone call to fix that , then I logged on to the chat line successfully . A guy started text-talking to me and after about 30 seconds , he paused and never came back . Beware of this product . If you need support , you are on your own.I wish Amazon would allow a zero stars rating because that 's what this software deserves .
 I have been using Pinnacle 's Studio Products since Version 5 I think . It 's kind of like have a very bright kid with lots of potential but they are not living up to it . I still keep hoping with each upgrade that they will get right . Well , Version 11 does n't do it for me . Rending is a major problem . It does n't matter what kind of cool effects you can do it if you ca n't rending properly . Support just told me another `` work around '' . Copy and paste my project into a new file ... that did n't work either . Shame on Pinnacle and Avid !
 I have never been a fan of Pinnacle Systems but I saw this version that had some included special effects programs that I thought were worth the price . I soon discovered that it was the same old Pinnacle story . They make their editing programs overly complicated and full of glitches.As always , Pinnacle put emphasis on transisions instead of solid editing and it shows . I unistalled the program , put the disk away and chalked up the cost as a waste.Phil S.
 If you are an amateur videographer and are looking for software that is simple and easy to edit movies and add simple effects with , then Pinnacle Studio 11 is fine . However , if you plan on rendering a movie over 5 minutes , then its not . I have used many low-end video editing software titles , but I have never had rendering problems like this . A few minutes into the Render it just hangs . I have applied multiple patches , but have not been successful in this endeavor yet . I was introduced to Pinnacle by a co-worker who uses Avid , the professional version of the software and it worked really well . However , this is really garbage . I have also used Sony Vegas Studio Platinum , Roxio -LRB- this was the first tool I ever used , but it is painfully slow and clunky -RRB- , and I have dabbled in Adobe . After using all of these different titles , I would recommend them over Pinnacle Studio 11 Ultimate at this point until the day comes when Pinnacle releases a patch that can actually allow you to fully render a long movie . After being miserable with this product for a few months now , I have given up and been using Vegas Platnum . My experience is so positive with it , that I just upgraded to the professional edition . Each editing software has some advantages and disadvantages over others , and you will often be in situations where you can justify using two editors for one project , but I can say that it will be a long time before I ever include Pinnacle in one of my projects again . After this review , you may wonder why I gave Pinnacle 2 stars vs 1 star . The reason is that the overall software has the potential to be good , the user interface is fine , its pretty easy to use and learn . If the rendering problem is fixed , I would give it 3 stars .
 Nice features , and , indeed , it is more stable than the previous releases . But is not accettably stable yet.The overall behaviour is giving the impression that the application is fatiguing through the various tasks . However , what I find really problematic are the several crashes that , despite the improved stability , still occur . Be ready to accept to invest time in recovering the works after the various crashes rather than focusing in the actual creative process . For those who , like me , do n't have the luxury of doing this as a full time job , every minute counts , and it is easy to have unproductive sessions for quite a few times .
 I 've had this software for over a year and it has all the features you need with a perfect interface for getting an amazing video done with both quality and speed . Only problem is this little bugger has crashed as many as 6 times on a single video project . Not only the crashing , but once i finish the video , 8 times out of 10 it fails to save the video file and i have to go back and basically make my video from scratch and hope it works next time.If it worked properly it 'd be the only software you 'd ever need , only problem is it does n't ~ Vista 64 bit with specs way beyond the minimum the box says it needs to run .
 I have used Pinnacle Studios for awhile now , and after a multitude of problems , I have decided I am switching to Apple and I will never look back . Here are is an abbreviated list of the many problems with Pinnacle Studio 11 : - Whether it will render is a total chance . Some days it will render . Most of my days it would not . After editing a short video -LRB- less than five minutes long -RRB- , my Studio 11 would NOT write . I spent hours reading troubleshooting and FAQ forums as the actual Pinnacle Studio / Avid Support center is useless for old products , and nothing worked . What I finally did was split my tiny movie into two minute sections , rendered each of those , and used a different program to link them back together . - Glitchy and slow . Even with a brand new laptop that I am working on , it still lags and the preview is glitchy . - It crashes a lot . By a lot , I 'm talking multiple crashes during a few-hour session . - You have to pay to unlock features . Wait , I have to PAY when there are so few effects anyway?Even the good things about Pinnacle are n't worth mentioning because any other video editing program will have similar elements -LRB- plethora of transitions and simple interface are the two things I like about Pinnacle -RRB- . I 'm switching to the cheaper , simpler , and more reliable programs -LRB- iMovie and Final Cut Pro -RRB- on Apple .
 I started with Pinnacle 8 Studio , which had a terrible memory management , such as
 I bought this brand new from Circuit City as they went out of business . Only paid -LSB- ... -RSB- for it instead of the -LSB- ... -RSB- price on the tag . Never used it much and today I confirmed I was robbed for buying this piece of crap . The one reason I kept it on my computer as long as I did was for the chroma key function.What are some of it 's many flaws ? For starters , it one has very few useful effects . Most of the effects and transitions -LRB- and there are hundreds of them -RRB- are cutesy and so amateurish in concept that one would never see them in a true professional production . Most of the traditional bread and butter effects one wants do not seem to exist or are a bit poor in execution . Then most of the effects listed are actually pay to use , and for more money then they are worth . It gave me an immediate feel of a switch and bait scam . `` We have the effected listed , but it will cost you a bunch and you have to buy it with all this useless stuff . `` The biggest flaw with this program , as a few effects did have possibilities , is how it is outputted into its video file . Having used VirtualDub as a tweaker/refiner of my raw footage , I am aware of the abundance of video codecs one can compress with . Studio 11 offers the basic ones , and since i like to stay with AVI until I am done with my production , I am only offered DivX or raw AVI . There is no possibility to use a better codec such as Xvid . I guess if it is a better codec and its freely available , your not allowed to have it . The raw files I was working with were 1024x768 and the highest resolution I could get , and that was under DviX was 1025x768 . That was like okay , I can re-tweak it in VirtualDub -LRB- which will let you compress it to any size you want -RRB- . Well what came out was something that looked like it had originally been 320x240 and blown up to 1024x420 , leaving blocky , square pixels where my original was crisp and smooth.Pinnacle Studio 11 Ultimate is ultimate garbage with an overpriced tag . I can not see how it could have been improved in version 12 . I uninstantiated Pinnacle Studio today and what will I do about a chroma key ? Discovered a way to do it with VirtualDub . Not easy , but the results are thousands of times better Pinnacle Studio could ever do.And VirtualDub is free
 I bought Pinnacle Studio Ultimate 11 3 days ago.This is basically StudioPlus with Third-Party products SoundSoap and ProDAD as Plug-ins , plus a cloth that can be used as a `` Green Screen '' for Chroma effects.Install was OK the first time around . ProDAD claims it wo n't work with my NVIDIA QUADRO 110 . SoundSoap did n't work with their latest patch -LRB- 11.1 -RRB- . After wasting 5 hours on repeated calls with Pinnacle `` Tech Support '' -LRB- if you want to call it that -RRB- , I finally gave up and went to BIAS , Inc - makers of SoundSoap . They fixed the problem in 30 minutes with a re-authorization key for SoundSoap.The product is usable , with many sophisticated features . However , Pinnacle wants to nickel-and-dime the user every step of the way for certain effects and add-ons , which have to be purchased separately.The product would be much improved with readily-available , friendly Customer support . This support is completely lacking from Pinnacle . It takes usually 30 minutes to get someone on the phone . Whoever answers seems to have been cultured to interact with a curious mixture of condecension and incompetence . On one occasion , I was put on hold , only to never be picked up again - a classic method for `` resolving '' calls without lifting a finger.If I could , I would have returned the software by now . But since I ca n't , I 'll stick it out and make it work .
 We had been using Studio 10 with mostly success . bought a new computer with Vista . Installed Studio 10 , downloaded Beta patch . It worked fairly well . Then purchased Studio 11 upgrade and Ultimate . Instant trouble . It will not work with Vista . I have spent untold hours with the alleged tech support at Pinnacle , with total dissapointment ! Took my computer to a professional and spent another couple of hours trying to solve the problem . No success . All I get is about 30 % initialization , then the infamous message `` Initialzation Failed '' . I have removed the program , for about the 10th time . Never did hear from the promised `` Higher Level '' support . I think if the glitch with Vista could be solved , it would be OK . But ... ???? I have asked for a refund or a fix . . Now we wait some more . More
 I have purchased Studio 10 , 11 Ultimate and now 12 Ultimate . I have wasted numerous blank dvds and countless hours trying to get this to work on my new system . I have Vista Ultimate 64 bit my system keeps crashing and giving different errors . The pinnacle cust service is not helpful at all . I ca n't even get this up and running to make a video review ! Stay away from any Pinnacle software .
 I purchased from best buy to edit HD video . The product has never worked . I have been on hold for over two days speaking with computer techs who do not speak English very well . I have tried all of their solutions and still can not get the program to work . I have been editing video for 5 years . I can not get a refund so I am trying to prevent you from repeating my mistake . Avoid this program and this company ! The prior versions may have been okay , but studio 11 should never have been released with all the internal software issues .
 I usually do n't take the time to rate software but I ca n't believe Pinnacle has this version on the market , it is the buggiest , most unstable software I have used in 10 years . Studio 9 was more stable than this . If you contact tech support they tell you your operating system is corrupt -LRB- when it is not -RRB- and they tell you to reinstall your OS !!!!! I seriously do n't believe that Pinnacle can release this trash with a straight face -- and furthermore , do nothing to support it . Save your money and more importantly the hours of frustration you will experience if you get this .
 I 've used Windows Movie Maker which is allright , I wanted to get something better to edit some movies which WMM could not open . I got the Ultimate version thinking it would be semi-professional at least . Turns out , this software is for beginners , if you want to make a movie that has balloons popping out in a 1996 graphics kinda way this is for you . All the transitions , graphics are cheesy and lame.Another thing you 'll find common -LRB- read some of the other reviews -RRB- is that its buggy , tends to crash and the buttons are very uninformative . The ` Transitions ' button has a flash symbol and right below it is a button with a big ` T ' which stands for all the balloon popping , Its a Birthday kinda graphics.Ok , heres my biggest gripe . I got the $ 120 Ultimate and all it has is
 This is probably the worst product I have ever purchased ... in any category . I tried to make a simple slide show -- something that both Microsoft 's Powerpoint and Photo Story -LRB- which you can download for free -RRB- do better . I 've made the same slide show 3 times now , and each time , the file has somehow erased itself from my computer.The best part though ... they tease you with all these bells and whistles -- tons of features and cool things you can do . But almost none of it comes with the product 's original purchase . You need to buy all the additional features , most starting at $ 9.99 and up.Even better now ... I 'm finding it impossible to return the program and get a refund . And their support center ... gives you the first call free but charges you for every call after.I would not recommend this product .
 If I was able , I would give this worthless program negative stars . Go ahead and buy it if you desire a program that : crashes at random intervalsreplaces the videos that you placed in your creation with ones that IT choses.changes the timing of slides and transitions on whim ... after you have set them.did I mention crashes?if you like restarting your computer mutliple times while trying to create presentation.spending at least four times as much time as needed creating a simple program due to crashes restarts.hangs up while playing it 's own files !!!!! This program is terrible . It was apparently written by crack smoking monkeys who were hung over and in need of a fix.DO NOT BUY IT !!!!
 My order was srewwed up from the begining . The people were rude and gave out a real do n't care attitude I would n't care if their software was the best in the world . I do n't work with jerks.You should try all their customer help forms They fail or time out before any one could answer . Then they give you their answers and if you do n't choose one you get an error and a timed out . I have never seen such a messed up company.C S Walters
 We have stuck with Studio since version 9 . The interface is great and it has so much promise . However , we are constantly pulling our hair out over features that should just work ... yet do n't . Perhaps it is just our pc ? It is n't the fastest but it is no slouch either . We are n't even editing hi-def movies -LRB- ! -RRB- It is frustrating that we are still left in a video editing limbo.Maybe the problems will be patched in later updates , but from our past and current experience , we are as ever left disappointed ... and using an old copy of ShowBiz , that at least does what it is meant to do !
 YOUR HEADACHE PINNACLE SOFTWARE NEVER IN MY LIVE I GET 10 % OF THIS HEADACHE AND IF YOU SEARCH IN YOU WILL FOUND PLENTY CUSTOMERS GETED HEADACHE . NO RATE ONLY 0
 Crash , Crash , Crash ... not to mention everytime you turn around you 're required to purchase some addition . I have a powerhouse pc , 500gb HD , 3 gig ram , DELL XPS , vista home . Bought Ulead and although not many bells and whistles , it works well , and there are no crashes .
 Unless you have a dated mac still running system 9 , you are out of luck . This disk is unplayable on current intel equipment .
 Not as described , order CD ROM and received floppy disc , a format not used for years is not compatible with computers of this era
 It says on the box ; `` Professor Teaches How to Create Web Pages & Graphics '' . That is misleading . It should say something like ; `` Professor Teaches How to `` use other programs '' to Create Web Pages & Graphics '' . Tutorials showing how to use these other programs for making Web Pages.When I first saw this in Office Depot I thought great , here 's a program to help me build my web site . Its not . Its only a tutorial on how to use several other high dollar programs for making web sites . Do n't bother to get this unless you have one or more of the several programs listed inside it . I bought the program Microsoft Front Page and this Professor program did n't help me a bit . The instruction 's and tutorials that come with the programs are a lot better than anything you will find in this `` Professor '' program .
 It wo n't let you search for birds . You have to know the names first or buy their upgrade .
 This product is a real mixed bag . Some CDs , which is nice , but most of the data included is limited to a one year online subscription . The software is ok , but the search is buggy -LRB- too many names will cause it to bomb and automatically reboot your computer in an unsafe manner -RRB- . And you ca n't import pics from from another piece of software - it 's time consuming to fix all the bugs it creates if you 're trying to convert from another piece of software . Also - I 've not found much new data helpful to my tree - most of what I 've run across I 've already found for free on the internet . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I see people comparing Family Lawyer and Quicken Lawyer and get the feeling that Broderbund is doing a bit of `` negative marketing '' against Quicken.I 've used both , and Quicken Lawyer far and away exceeded Family Lawyer . Family Lawyer does n't catch mistakes , is n't up to date and provides several useless forms -LRB- like `` Personal Fact Sheet '' and `` Letter to School '' -RRB- . Also , information is sparse and generic , often giving me a form and not showing how to use it.As a do-it-yourself guy , I picked up Family Lawyer and almost gave up because every time I took documents to my attorney to review , he found dozens of mistakes . Only once I started using Quicken did those mistakes disappear . Thanks Quicken !
 I wish I could return this software and get a refund ! Having just gone through a divorce and trying to keep my business afloat , I figured I could skip my lawyer and do my own revised estate plan . So I went ahead , filled out estate-planning documents and took it to my lawyer for what was suppossed to be an hour 's review . Turns out the forms had a lot of legal errors which made them pretty useless . I still ca n't afford an attorney so I 'm trying out the alternatives next .
 The ad Amazon.com printed for this item includes `` real estate '' in the description of the forms included . However , according to the box description , there are only trivial worksheets and rental forms included . No real estate sales forms , no buyer offer form , no forms for seller disclosure , lead paint disclosure , or other standard real estate forms . I ca n't vouch for the rest of the program cuz I returned it unopened when the box arrived . To me , it was worthless .
 The ad Amazon printed for this item includes `` real estate '' in the description of the forms included . However , according to the box description , there are only trivial worksheets and rental forms included . No real estate sales forms , no buyer offer form , no forms for seller disclosure , lead paint disclosure , or other standard real estate forms . I ca n't vouch for the rest of the program cuz I returned it unopened when the box arrived . To me , it was worthless .
 I bought this software because I needed a Lease Agreement for an apartment I was leasing . I was very disappointed to see that the form was not as customizable as I needed it to be . There were some items listed in the form that I did not need , but had no choice but to leave them in . I needed something more flexible . This just was n't the form for me . I actually found one on the internet that did everything I needed for a whole lot less !!
 I have two old versions of Family Tree Maker and figured it was time to update it . Over the years I have made the switch to Macs and use a MacBook and iMac , and have an iPhone and iPod.This is a whole system of hardware that would make a great platform for Family Tree Maker . The iPhone/iPod in particular allows you create -LRB- genealogy -RRB- records and instantly add a photo via the built-in camera app . The newly announced iPad extends this capability even further.Unfortunately , I 'm stuck with having to use Microsoft Windows if I want to use my family tree I 've already built ! This is like a step back in time !
 I am very disappointed with the upgrade from 8 to 9 . There is hardly any difference between the two programs , and the interface is still a clumsy , antiquated , early Windows edition that Broderbund has n't even bothered to upgrade to a more modern Windows interface . Many features are annoying that should have been corrected long ago , that only if you 're a savvy Windows user can you work around -- maybe . I have used this product for many years and have n't found a better substitute yet , but maybe it 's because I have n't looked , and maybe it 's about time . The product has hardly changed despite the many hyped `` upgrades . '' Broderbund invests more energy , it appears , into the hype surrounding all of its add-ons rather than into more substantial software . The source feature is essential for accurate documentation , but it is clumsy to use and limited , and does n't even produce the correct printed formats -LRB- consult an MLA handbook , Broderbund !!! -RRB- .
 I am writing this for anyone who might make the same mistake as me . I bought this thinking that i might be able to increase my knowledge of my own geneology , and it looked promising . I got many results after my first search . However , when i clicked on each individual item that the program found as a lead , they would give me no further information unless i subscribed further to their services . After already spending 50 dollars , they were asking me to make yearly subscription-adding up to hundreds of dollars per year . While I 'd love to be able to trace my geneolgoy , I must say thanks , but no thanks .
 Do not get confused . Family Tree Maker 9 is a very old version that is from 2001 . The current version is 2009 . The seller of this product is being very dishonest and is selling this extremely old product at a higher price than the new software . But on the product page it has a Star claiming that you are getting a low price . Shame on Amazon.com for allowing this to happen .
 This is not a good product . The graphics are fine however sign up for the free research and you learn you get nothing or very little for free . Most requests for info result is a request to join the pay service . By the way you need to sign up for the `` Free '' services and you will recieve weekly advertisments to upgrade , join , and a host of other things . I have sent them email to stop , yelled screamed ; nothing works . It just keeps comming and comming . I was able to find all the information I got from their `` free '' service from independent searches . EVEN THE 10 CDs THEY PROVIDE USUALLY GET YOU A REQUEST TO JOIN THEIR PAID SERVICE . The basic product is n't bad but not at the price and the constant SPAM really ticks me off . . I GET ENOUGH JUNK MAIL !
 I 've spent a great deal of time compiling Family genealogy notes and thought that this product would be much easier than using Word or Excel to organize and chart all my data . I was given an old copy of version 6 from a friend , but quickly saw that it was a very old interface with few features and little ability to import or export data to other Windows applications . I quickly upgraded to version 9 hoping to gain all the advantages of XP - an easy to use interface , etc. . I installed this product three times thinking that it was n't working and I was still using version 6 . I finally checked the help menu for the version number and discovered that I was running version 9 , but that it looked and behaved exactly as version 6 !! The current version of this product is almost 10 years behind the current technology . If you 're looking for an arcane way to enter information that ca n't be well displayed or organized , this is it ; otherwise , I 'd recommend you save the money for technologically superior method
 I bought `` Mastering Flash MX Professional 2004 '' by BDG Publishing which although primarily sold for instruction of Flash MX Professional 2004 , also includes instruction for Flash 5 and Flash MX.To use this program you will have three windows up on your computer monitor at the same one . One will be Flash , the second for the video from the training program and the third the control box used to control the start and stop or navigation of the training CDROM . I have a rectangular 17 inch LCD screen and find the windows large enough for me , but if you had a small LCD screen , especially if square , I can see where it could be difficult to see well enough due to way you have to make each window so small to fit both the Flash and the training windows up at the same time.Although this training program is primarily intended for Flash MX Professional 2004 the publisher also claims it to be an introduction to Flash MX but that part of the training on this disk appears to be nothing but hacked up parts and pieces of an earlier produced Flash MX training program which is missing all of the basic orientation needed to start using flash , spotty with their explanation of some tools and no mention of others . Next , the program goes strait into telling you to do things which have not been covered yet with no explanation of how to do them . If your buying this disk to learn Flash MX forget it , they just threw some stuff in together to give a few instructions which section to section does not have reasonable flow and far from being even a very basic outline of the program . I 'm only a newbie to flash and can clearly see how poorly that portion of the training disk was handled and find it difficult to believe a company would produce such a poor excuse for a Flash MX training CDROM.This disk appears to be much better for Flash MX 2004 Pro. , but when I tried using the Mastering Flash MX 2004 professional portion of this disk every time the guy tells you to click on a tool or menu the audio stops for a long time until you click `` next '' in the control box so that you can hear more . What I have found happens every time they ask me to select one of the drop down menus the audio instructions have stopped each and every time without telling me what to do next , so then I have to go over to the control panel for the CDROM and click `` next '' to get the rest of the instructions of what he wants you to select in that menu . However , each time you jump back and forth between the control box to click next and flash you have then just deselected Flash causing the drop down menu you had just opened to snap back and close . Because of this I often find myself having to use the `` back '' button to hear what he said again . What they should be doing is telling you to click on a menu item then pause their speaking for long enough for you to do it and THEN tell you want they want you to select in that menu without having to click `` next '' after each sentence and the resulting de-selection of the drop down menu.The Flash MX 2004 Pro . portion of this program needs some polishing so that the user wo n't get so frustrated with the way they give you tiny little bits of instruction to tell you to open the menu , but does not tell you what you need to select in that menu until you click `` next '' to continue . I understand they have tried to make this program as newbie friendly as possible so that even the slowest person can have enough time to see what they need to do , but telling you to click on a menu and then stopping the audio and requiring you to click `` next '' again -LRB- unless your willing to wait for an extremely long period time for the program to time out and continue talking -RRB- to hear what they want you to click on in that drop down menu is taking it way too far , to the point of making what could be a good product poor.One last design problem with the program . The control for the CDROM where you have buttons for Back , Next and Last have the buttons all far too small and close together in a row . The `` next '' and `` last '' buttons are right next to one another and I have accidentally clicked on `` last '' more than once when trying to select next and found it will take you to the end of the training program which you then can not back out of to get back where you should be , requiring a restart of the training section and navigation to get back to where you last were .
 orignal down load
 This software is not even worth the postage and handling . This should be freeware . It is just text you insert various data into . Loads easily , no bugs , it works but is overrated in the description . The only reason I gave it two stars is because the person selling the software was very punctual and shipping the product otherwise it should get `` 0 '' stars . Dont waste your time , buy something else .
 This is a major disappointment . 20-30 different colored slides of the SAME background or templates . Probably no more than 5 usable slides in the entire package . A rip-off to be avoided .
 Not worth the money ! You can put a color background in any Power Point and get practically the same thing for free !
 After logging in as administrator on my mac , going through the installation program & rebooting , the installation program says to log in as administrator & re-install . It even does this when logged in as the root user . Following the instructions for on-line help , one finds that the ` requested web page is not available ' , and any help by email or telephone from Microsoft starts at $ 35 .
 The program works , but You Might as well be on windows 3.1 . It is too slow to be of any productive use . It is a total hype , totallyuseless for business or any application .
 extremely slow to boot and run , only run it when I absolutely have to run a program that requires windows .
 Although it does mention it in the readme file -LRB- as well as several FAQs , etc. -RRB- VP7 is not designed to let you play `` cutting-edge '' PC Games -LRB- i.e. HL2 , Doom 3 , etc. -RRB- on your Mac , the software emulates your video card -LRB- so that ATI 9800 Pro Mac S.E. or GeForce 6800 will NOT do you any good for this program right now -RRB- ... also users -LRB- particularly G5 users with 2.5 GB or more of RAM are having installation troubles -LRB- hangs while after installing VP7 while trying to install WinXP Pro -RRB- , the problem seems to correct itself when you limit the amount of RAM in your Mac to 2GB or less ... although its cool looking at a Windows desktop on my Cinema HD Display ... it 's pretty much pointless without enabling me to play PC-exclusive games -LRB- i.e. CS -RRB- , might suggestion to aspiring Mac Gamers -LRB- save your money , wait a few months and get the games as they are ported over to Mac -RRB- , my advise to people with too much memory , save your money , and write Microsoft a nasty letter about if you can afford 8GB of memory and they ca n't even develope software that supports it , you 'll spend your disposable income elsewhere ... my advise to people who still want this program , why ? You can buy a PC for less than $ 224 , that 'll do anything you ca n't do with a Mac ...
 ... to figure out how to write software that wo n't run if you have too much memory ! That 's right ... too much memory . I have a dual processor G5 with 8Gb or RAM . VPC acts like it will install , but when Windows XP comes up the installation locks with a black screen . Turns out , this gem will run ONLY if you have 2Gb RAM or less . Get a clue Microsoft .
 After anticipating the day that I would actually use Virtual PC for a number of years , I 'm beyond dissappointed when I was never expecting much from the start . I knew I would not be able to play PC games , although I did have some hopes . I doubted I 'd be able to run processor intensive programs like Photoshop . I did think I 'd be able to run a word processor on it , however . Simply running a web browser would slow the machine down to a near halt . I have a brand new dual processor G5 with tons of Ram ... I guess this is not enough . A computer with twice the speed -LRB- Which does n't exist for mac users -RRB- , would not run near what it should . Believe me , people . You 're better off dusting off an 8 year old PC than using this program on a brand new mac . You could buy a used PC for the price of this software alone ! It 's just not worth it . . please do n't waste your money . According to Microsoft , this is a handy option for gaining compatibilty with particular file types and applications . There is nothing handy about waiting 5 minutes to open a word document . I do n't know what the Microsoft people were smoking when they created this one . If Apple were to name this one , it would be called iSuck .
 It is noticeably quicker than the most recent prior version . That means that 7.0 is merely miserably slow rather than horribly slow . To death by drowning or fire , now there is the additional choice of death by Virtual PC interminable boredom .2008 update
 This emulator really bogs down older PowerPC PowerBooks . I constantly experience slowdowns and freezes during operation . -LRB- A genuine experience ? -RRB- Considering the cost of newer netbooks , it may not be worth the money .
 This software will not run on the new iMac Intel Duo Core Processor . This software runs ONLY on the G5 processor . This is not clear in the Amazon info or other reviews .
 DONT BUY IF YOU HAVE THE NEW IMACS , OR MACBOOKS . THEY REALLY F**K YOU IN THAT . AND THEY DONT TELL YOU THAT IT DOES NOT WORK . YOU HAVE TO LOOK FOREVER ON THEIR -LRB- MICROSOFT 'S -RRB- WEBSITE . AND APPLE DOES NOT TELL YOU.OFFICE IS THE ONL THING THAT WORKS , SO JUST BUY THAT IF YOU HAVE AN INTEL BASED MAC .
 Thought this product would bridge my Mac ... Just tons of headaches.Basically worthless
 I was hoping this product would help run one MS product in my older Mac . It does , but very sluggishly , due to all the MS updates and misc . `` stuff '' that I need to load before I can run the one software program in question . Very disappointing .
 Virtual PC 7 does not work with the new Intel chip MacBooks . Mac is working on Boot Camp that installs a partition so that both Mac and Microsoft programs can be run , and Microsoft is working on a new version of an emulator that is compatible with the Intel chips , but both will cost extra . None of this appears in the product information of either . I learned this after I purchased a new MacBook Pro and tried to load Virtual PC 7 that I used with my G5 .
 If your looking to use this product for it 's capabilities to run programs that you can not run on a mac then dont ' buy this . If you want to use word , or publisher or any other windows products on your mac just by the mac based software . This product of full of bugs and does not work on certain websites that are essetial to me . Plus , it is slow as all heck .
 I purchased MS Virtual PC 7.0 w/Windows XP about six months ago for use on my 1.33 Ghz G4 iBook.Setup was relatively easy and took about an hour and a half to complete . Unfortunately , it was all down hill from there.My main reason for buying Virtual PC was to run MS Money 2005 Deluxe on my Mac -LRB- Quicken for Mac is terrible , but that 's another story -RRB- . It took about 5 minutes to open my Money file . This was followed by an endless series of painfully long wait times between key strokes . Eventually it locked up completely . After about six more attempts I gave up.I tried playing several games like Rise of Nations and Age of Empires but they were just as tedious and often locked up during the initial loading . I strongly recommend against attempting to play and games on Virtual PC!One main problem with this program is that Virtual PC does not allow your computer to use its onboard video card . Instead it attempts to emulate an old 16MB S3 Trio video card with software only.Additionally , the maximum amount of System RAM Virtual PC will allow you to allocate is limited to 512 MB despite the fact that I have 1.25 GB of RAM available.Hopefully the next version removes the RAM limit and allows your system to use its video card instead of the painfully slow emulator . This program promises so much , but disappoints at nearly every junction . It 's just far too tedious for everyday use in it 's current form .
 This is great if you 're running an older version of the mac OS . It wo n't run on the new stuff -LRB- after OS X 10.3 -RRB- . They do n't tell you that ahead of time , and you have to break the seals and try to install to find out Intel can not be used and Windoze XP can only be used with this version of virtual PC . And MS does n't support either product anymore . So , unless you are totally desperate , do n't bother . BTW I have an unused set which makes a mildly attractive bookend .
 This software is a disappointment -LRB- and I never bother to review anything . -RRB- If you are a Quicken Premiere user and hope to do everything on your Mac , forget it . I use a PowerMacG4 , twin 1 ghz processors and 2GB of memory and that is not enough because Microsoft fails to use the capability of the hardware . Screen refreshes are excrusiatingly SLOW . If you are in ` scheduled payments ' and wish to pay , let 's say , 6 bills , you may as well take out your pen , stamps and checkbook . It will be faster to do it by hand . This was the highest priority reason for trying the product and it failed miserably . Save your money and do n't throw out you Windows computer ! It does run Internet Explore 6 acceptably .
 The problem with this software is video streaming and games . Almost all games and video need a minimum of 32Mb for video . The max this software can do is 16Mb . So , if you are using this jsut for office applications than this is the software for you . If your trying to use games and stream video for surveillance purposes from a pc based dvr with a remote access software it is impossible because you need the 32Mb of video minimum .
 Awful program . Slow . Clunky . The most unstable program your Mac has ever seen . Wait until you attempt to load PC programs on it . Do n't bother.You would have to be desperate to actually use it with any frequency.Don ' t fall for this `` Best of Both Worlds '' pipe dream . Read the horrors about the previous versions . Version 7 is no better .
 DO NOT BUY THE VIRTUAL PC VERISON 7 ... I was so disappointed with the software because it does not run like it should be . Not even fast for business/home users at all !! I had to reinstall the virtual PC 4 times as , for some reason , it crashed and did not work anymore so I to reinstall it again and again . The last time , I just give up and just decided to buy a pc as the only software that I need is Microsoft money and Dragon Speaking . Dissatisfied with Microsoft .
 Virtual PC is so ungodly fricken slow that it is not useful for much of anything . It 's a waste of money -- buy a cheap PC if you want to run windows applications . A five year old computer will run Windows XP faster than Virtual PC will on the latest hardware .
 All I have to say is that the price on this item far outstrips anything I 've seen so far . More than it is at CompUSA , more than it is at mac.com -LRB- or the Apple store in person for that matter . -RRB-
 With the cost of this software , you 're half way there anyway and the V-PC program is incredibly , mind-numbingly slow -LRB- and this is on a new G5 iMac with a gig of ram -RRB- . There may be some settings or preferences -LRB- that I 'm not aware of -RRB- that might help the speed issue , but it is certainly not plug-n-play like so many of the Mac apps I 'm used to . Honestly , I wish I could get my money back .
 I recently changed to the MAC environment from PCs . I found that I needed a Windows environment to run a critical program . Searching for an economical means of achieving Windows , I selected Microsoft Virtual PC for Mac with Windows XP Professional . Upon receiving the product , I was unable to install it on my iMac running OS X. Attempting to work through the problems , I contacted Apple Tech Support and was on the phone for over an hour doing everything he could think of to respond to the error messages in dialog boxes . Normally one might expect to get some assistance from the products ' manufacturer -LRB- Microsoft -RRB- but this product is out of date , and no longer supported by Microsoft , so you are on your own to try to make it work . I never could make it work and returned the to the seller after explaining the situation.In summary
 This is a piece of # * ^ % !!! Really I felt really taken advantage of . I am operating Mac OS 10.4.7 , 2.1 GHz PowerPC G5 Imac . I bought this product to use it in connection with other programs and mainly for use with my Pocket PC phone . It was slower than a snail on dope and kept crashing . I hated it . Really . I feel like the product was made solely to frustrate mac users who need to use pc software in an attempt to generate pc sales . I wish I could get my money back . PS When is mac going to make a smart phone I will buy it immediately
 After speaking with a Mac representative , he did n't recommend this software . Maybe he was pulling my leg , but he said virtual Pc is n't the way to go . He said Fusion was the product -LRB- around $ 70 -RRB- , but it does n't come with windows . oops .
 This came brand new . But it would n't load . It got to a certain point in the installation and locked up . Tried it several times , locked at the same point every time . MICROSOFT NO LONGER SUPPORTS THIS PRODUCT ! So if you think you are going to get help from Microsoft with installation issues think again ! Apple could not help either as they do n't know the product.I would say to just skip this product all together and get VMWare Fusion . It 's amazing .
 I bought this for our office . Worst expenditure we ever made , despite the cheap price . WinFax has n't been supported for years . This version was the first -LRB- and last -RRB- to support WinXP , so you can imagine the bugs . On most machines , we could n't get it to work . On one machine , it would try to reinstall itself every time we restarted the computer - even if we allowed the reinstall to happen.By the way , this software uses your phone line to send and receive faxes . Very old tech . Better solution
 I started with a boxed version and found myself paying another $ 20 for an upgrade . This software is simply a gateway to their online music service . In itself that 's not a bad thing but they have a history of using upgrades to sell you the same product several times . The current version in many ways is not as good as previous versions . It 's a resource hog . If all you use your computer for is to listen to music you wo n't notice this but if you have to do anything else to do -LRB- other than word process -RRB- , you 'll find you 'll be doing it in silence . Your real dissatisfaction will come when you need customer support . Ther responses you get are so generic you wonder if they even read your letter or if they can read at all . I had a problem and after five emails it is still unresolved . There are a lot of programs that will rip music and manage your files and there are a lot of suscription music services . Shop around a while . Musicmatch might not be exactly what you want .
 I ordered this for the capability to record from an outside source -LRB- record player , DAT machine -RRB- and encode into MP3 and CD formats . There are no level or tone controls for recording in this manner -LRB- only playback -RRB- and everything I recorded , despite the level or sampling rate I input the signal at , came out totally distorted from my DAT machine , my boombox , my 8 track , EVERYTHING . Their online music downloading or radio station or something like that is also no longer supported but they fail to tell you that before you buy it . I do n't remember exactly what it is because that 's not the reason I purchased . This is junk . Trust me . Go buy something better than this . I returned it . Now I want my shipping back too .
 I ordered this for the capability to record from an outside source -LRB- record player , DAT machine -RRB- and encode into MP3 and CD formats . There are no level or tone controls for recording in this manner -LRB- only playback -RRB- and everything I recorded , despite the level or sampling rate I input the signal at , came out totally distorted from my DAT machine , my boombox , my 8 track , EVERYTHING . Their online music downloading or radio station or something like that is also no longer supported but they fail to tell you that before you buy it . I do n't remember exactly what it is because that 's not the reason I purchased . This is junk . Trust me . Go buy something better than this . I returned it . Now I want my shipping back too .
 I had trouble with the registration system of the ACDSee ver 4.0 . You can not `` e-mail '' them without the registration number.I placed a call to the ACDSYSTEMS.I NEVER received a reply.After 3 hours on my own I figured out the registration problem.I was able to get the program loaded into the computer.I had trouble using the REDEYE remover.I sent them an e-mail asking for help.I never received a reply.I was able to organize some folders and it looked like it was going to be `` OK '' but : Then program STOPPED working . Just would not respond.Again I sent an e-mail asking for help.I never received a reply.Bottom line , NO CUSTOMER support.I would NOT recommend this product based on the POOR customer relations.I am using Win 98 O/S
 I purchased this product for a windows 98 system and was unable to get it to run . I consider myself quite knowledgeable in this area.Customer support is unresponsive and said I needed version 4.1 . They did not respond as to what I was supposed to do next and as a result I have since returned the product to Amazon.I understand earlier versions are supposed to be quite good but at least for my operating system it did not work .
 ACDSee has a nice mix of funtions but it also has some problems.For me the biggest draw back is that it stops painting the thumbnails after I 've been working for a while . Granted , I work with a lot of images -LRB- many thousands -RRB- but they claim it should handle it . Stopping and restarting the program gets it working again , but only for a while - and who does n't love doing that !? . Support has been no help.Printing is weak - probably because they want to sell you an add on component . My advice would be to look elsewhere .
 I needed this for Win 98 and it worked great . Now with Vista it is unnecessary , plus it was bundled with a new HP printer package . So if you need it great , but check your computer 's apps before you spend any money on it . It 's kinda outdated now .
 Ok , so I 'm cheap ... Yes , When I can buy a box of 500 versa checks for half the costof the Quickbook ones , I am going to do it . -LRB- thats why I give it one star -RRB- . However , I am at the point where I willspend the extra 50 % to regain my sanity.We do payroll weekly for around 15 employees . We suffer weekly issues with printing , validation , activation , direct deposit checks not working , etc. ... Call Tech support , and they will direct youto the extensive technical documentation on their website -LRB- while sounding totally exasperated speaking with you.In fact , I am convinced that all the tech support folks at versa check are volunteers , because they ca n't possibly be paying them to behave this way -RRB- . I AM technically saavy ... so I can easilymake my way through my hard drive to locate the files needed for correction . Problem is , most ofthe corrections do n't work ... and if you are not technically adept , god help you.I could go on and on ... but if you are cheap like me , already being treated for hypertension , and havelots of time on your hands to screw with this program -LRB- rather than managing your small business -RRB- thengo for the gusto . Otherwise , save your sanity and bite the bullet ... buy the Quickbooks checks .
 Suitable product , but by the time you add the cost of their software , -LRB- necessary to print checks -RRB- your time to set it up , more time to run a print job of checks , and the excessive cost of their paper , you could purchase pre-printed checks from any of hundreds of companies that sell them for less . And all without the hassle of setting up and using the least user friendly and unnecessarily complex software I have used in many years . This paper ought to cost about 1/2 of the price it is being sold for . If I had not already invested in their dreadful software , I would not be using this . I regret having bought into this check printing system , and would not recommend it to others . Save your time and save your money . Find yourself a check printing company on the web , and avoid the aggravation of dealing with poorly designed software and overpriced supplies .
 There are plenty of games to chose from , however , I do care for the graphics . In order to make the program big enough to see on my screen , it becomes blurry .
 The format is very confusing and difficult to choose games . I 've finally been able to make a personnal list of favorites to keep from having to weed through the long listing of games .
 So , I ordered this CD because I love solitaire . About 2 weeks after installing the software from CD , I encountered a virus on my computer and had to wipe everything . I was able to use my CD driver to reinstall everything from CD -- except for `` Pretty Good Solitaire . '' I emailed the company 's tech support -LRB- their preferred method of contact -RRB- a while ago and never heard anything back.I thought about fighting for a replacement , I even downloaded the free software for a while , and essentially decided it was n't worth it.If you 're the kind of solitaire player that will play the same game multiple times to gain mastery of it , then this is NOT the solitaire game for you . I played about 10 different games and everytime the game would end up giving the same shuffles ... I knew whether or not I could win the game by the down cards dealt to me and the entire thing became quite boring.Not worth the money ... not worth fighting for a replacement 'cause I wo n't play it.Great concept , but poorly executed and absolutely no customer support from the company !!!
 Learn To Play Chess With Fritz & Chesster 2 -LRB- Mac -RRB- -LSB- Old Version -RSB- Send me the wrong format of software . The box is a PC format but with a sticker state is a Mac format.The disk contain only PC files no Mac files .
 After using a product on a daily basis I can say this program is definitely not worth it , I have started with R12 , then R14 , ADT 2000 and now 2002 and still the program crashes on all of our computers at least twice daily , many times without even saving ANYTHING to the recover file . The program makes a user want to pick up a pencil and start drawing by hand again !
 I installed the program quickly and easily . I played with it briefly after installing and was looking foward to creating my first estimate on a flight from Seattle to Phoenix . Much to my displeasure the program requires the install CD to be in the drive everytime you try to open a costbook . And I did n't bring the CD with me -LRB- who does ? -RRB- . Nowhere in the 46 page guide does it tell you that you need to have the install CD in all the time . Can you imagine if every Software Company did this ? You would have to carry dozens of CDs around in your laptop case.I was assuming that this was a bug but Richard -LRB- DICK -RRB- at Tech Support sent me this note ... > This is expected behavior of the CD Estimator program . Unless the CD is >> in the CD-Rom drive prior to starting the program , you 'll be asked to insert the CD ... >> This is prevent unauthorized distribution of the CD-Rom ... >> In essence , the CD-Rom ` acts ' like the ignition key on your truck . No Key , No Ignition ... When I replied to him that I would be returning the product to Amazon.com because of this `` feature '' his reply wasSo be it ... I bought the program to help estimate my budget while being my own general contractor to build a house , however this program is more pointed to the professional contractor who knows all the steps and pieces that go into a comprehensive estimate .
 I was very disappointed in this product because I was unable to install it . The reason it does not work is that you must have Visio 5 , but no where in the product description nor on the box does it tell you this . Furthermore , when asked about version 5 of Visio , Microsoft says they no longer have that version for sale . Before you buy this , make sure you have Visio 5 or you will end up paying shipping charges to send it back and still have to buy the full version .
 One would hope that a company with Microsoft 's resources could produce a piece of working software and Visio does work . However , excluding Java from UML diagrams is such an outrageous affront to half the programming community that it 's a 1 for me .
 Microsoft totally missed an oppurtunity here . While other Java modelling tools are costly , Visio would have been perfect if they added support for Java types .
 Microsoft should be ashamed of themselves for putting out such garbage . Of course , they are n't ; they have no shame . I 'm actually embarassed for having bought it . I 'm hiding the product in the trash so I do n't have to explain to my wife that I purchased it . What utter garbage!I was looking for some resume templates and some PowerPoint templates . The resume templates are horrible . Microsoft did n't even use the Styles feature of Word to identify headings and text and bullets in the resume documents . All they did was change a few font sizes -LRB- most of the fonts are Arial -RRB- under the normal template and adjust the margins of the documents . This is nowhere near the quality of resume templates that you get in the MS Office installation.Likewise , the PowerPoint templates are nowhere near the quality of the templates that come with MS Office . They literally took small pieces of clipart -LRB- that you could find free online -RRB- and pasted them into PowerPoint . Most of them are on white backgrounds . For instance , one template has a clipart graphic of piano keys placed as a border across the top of the PowerPoint slide . Still a white background , and still Arial font . Absolutely no creative effort went into this product.I was too disgusted to look at the Excel templates . I seriously doubt that it took the `` team '' that created this product more than two hours to put these templates together . I 'm not kidding ; I could have done this myself in no more than a few hours.Anyone who thinks this product deserves any stars has absolutely zero design sensibility . My own admittedly sorry efforts in Word , PowerPoint , and Excel at template design are far superior to anything found in this package . I loathe this product . I would n't take this product if it was given away for free . Under no circumstances is this product anything that should be sold commercially -- not by some middle-school computer programmer , and certainly not by Microsoft .
 I bought this to combine with another order and hoped to make my life easier with it . However , I found it a -LSB- bad item -RSB- after I got it . The calendars are for 2001 and the other stuff are nothing more than a collection of its `` templates '' from MS website . Fortunately , it comes with a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- rebate , otherwise , I would regret I spent -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- valuable dollars to such a -LSB- bad item -RSB- ! If you have ordered it but it has not arrived , be ready for ... regret and disappointment ; If you have not ordered it , never think buying it !
 realmente el precio dice lo que se obtiene . Personal portfolio es muy grande el titulo para lo que el programa ofrece . En cualquier sitio gratis de la web puede abtener algo mejor . Jorge G. El Salvador
 While the mapping and search capability is awesome , the package is hopelessly obsolete when you get it.Freeways that went in near me three years ago are not reflected . If the files could be updated , I say it 's a worthwhile product . In this case , though , it is not .
 If it 's what you need , it may work well . Unfortunately , it was a waste of money for my company and our needs . We need to be able to define worldwide territories as well as a few within the US , and it would n't do both . Importing from an Excel file would not work for both the US and other international regions . Further , it took up nearly a full gigabyte of hard drive .
 As with Microsoft 's other trip planning software the data supporting places is both missing in many cases or just bad data . I had hoped that in their high end product that they would have improved the data supporting their product . They should leave the mapping software to Rand McNally and similar professionals.As a business professional I ca n't afford to use Microsoft 's product and arrive at the wrong site .
 I 've been using this program for 3 years . I like many of its features and I used it for many many long and short trips . I wrongly assumed that the data is accurate , so I did n't react when the reality was a little different than the Mappoint results . Unfortunately on a couple of occasions the program fooled me into much longer trips -LRB- how about a 600-mile mappoint compared to 400 miles from Mapquest ? -RRB- For the last year I never trusted anything from the program , I always do the 2 point route with Yahoo or mapquest and then enter it street by street in mappoint , I do n't trust it for more than 1 corner . Mappoint gives you options to design the route based on some preferences , but in almost all cases that would use some local roads the result will be 20-30 % longer than a yahoo/mapquest result . It seems to be able to find the worst solution over and over again . Otherwise a great program ! I was looking for an updated version and reading reviews about streets and trips 2004 I realized that it seems to be their philosophy . I guess you 'll also like the program , just do n't follow their suggestions out on the road .
 I recommend you be very careful of this program . It may also use the draconian copy protection scheme of Streets & Trips 2001 . It was installed on my primary workstation , and can not be completely uninstalled no matter how you try . Microsoft puts the basic program file in a hidden directory on the drive where you keep your operating system . Windows NT and above can not even see this directory , regardless of the settings for hidden and system files.The only way to see it is to boot native DOS -LRB- assuming you have a dual boot system -RRB- . Then you can see it by removing the hidden attributes of all files , but can do nothing to remove the files . All attempts at deleting files , directories , trees , etc. are met with `` access denied '' . This in native DOS which isn 's supposed to have such access rights to begin with.Another example of `` undocumented DOS '' , which Microsoft is using to keep you from `` misusing '' their software . In this case I uninstalled the software to put it on another computer in the house , and ca n't regain several hundred MB on my small DOS C partition which is already strained to hold NT alone.If you install this program , you may likely never be able to uninstall it , or at least will never regain a lot of disk space if you stop using the program , or -LRB- heaven forbid -RRB- want to use someone elses mapping software instead .
 This is a very limited product . Save your dimes and get a street map product .
 The good - features that I am excited about
 Upon using this software it has froze my Windows98 OS multiple times . Walls do not auto-align and in one month 's worth of use it has caused 6 fatal errors.Granted it 's easy to use but for the price lacks the power of other layout software . I only use it because it is a common tool and file layout within my industry .
 I recently had to upgrade from Visio 4 to MS Visio 2000 because a customer used it and -LRB- of course -RRB- there were file incompatibilities ! -LRB- Nothing like forcing customers to upgrade via incompatibilities rather than true features , huh Microsoft ? -RRB- Sorry , I 'm really a closet fan of Microsoft software in general , but if I had n't paid the rediculous $ 350 myself , I might have never noticed the difference from Visio 4 . The Visio 2000 upgrade just did n't change much , and the one new tool I tried to use -LRB- auto web page mapping -RRB- did n't work well.So in reading the new features and improvements in Visio 2002 , I 'm completely underwhelmed again . The basic Visio functionality is amazing , but it always was . If you have an older version of Visio , stick with it . I just do n't see the need to upgrade .
 I 've been fiddling with the OpenOffice.org and StarOffice features for a while , then took a look at the Draw program . I was blown away . It 's like a mini Visio Elements -- it 's got the connector lines you need and really good control over positioning , plus it 's got a gallery where you can store prefab shapes.Seriously , download OpenOffice.org if you 're not a huge Visio power user . You 'll be really surprised and impressed , and of course OpenOffice.org is free , so that helps .
 I totally agree with the other reviewer ; I use OpenOffice.org for most of my diagramming needs and it works really well . Visio is fine most of the time but I prefer to have more interchangeable formats and OpenOffice.org outputs to EPS etc. and I 've just found it to be really great for my technical diagram needs.So yes . Power users , maybe spend the money on Visio ; `` regular '' people , download OpenOffice.org and try those connector lines and the gallery where you can put all the existing shapes you need .
 Save your file regularly and it will still manage to loose the data and destroy hours of work . If the developers of this product ca n't even manage to design a file load and save mechanism that can recover from errors , then how do you expect them to design a user interface ? 1/2 of the time wasiting is from the useless user interface , 1/2 from the loss of `` saved '' data.I will never use it again . I wish emacs had a structured drawing mode ...
 Once again Microsoft is putting out -LCB- garbage -RCB- . I use Adobe Illustrator and Visio is not even in the ballpark as far as ease of use or capability . Even for the most simple functions Visio is cumbersome , clumsy and difficult to use . One example is text that is not scaleable . Why would anybody in their right mind want a graphics program where the test does not scale with the graphic ? Selecting objects and using layers are both absolutely horrible . The interface is also very not intuitive ! Microsoft , please put this foolish excuse for a graphics program out of it 's -LRB- and our -RRB- misery !
 I do n't buy crippleware . I do not owe microsoft any information about myself , nor do I have any intention of wainting on hold for their registration goons , while they index my caller id and file my name in their records anyway.for -LSB- money -RSB- I should get something that installs and works . There is no reason for me or my equipment to contact them.Other nifty MS tactics these day
 The individual products are generally good and learner friendly . However , each title appears to be programmed by a different `` team '' who thought their computer settings should be yours as well . This means
 We homeschool our children and have enjoyed past ` Advantage ' titles , and so were disappointed with this one . The three math programs ; Algerbra , Geometry and Trigonometry were good , but duplicated `` Math Advantage '' . The others were old , poor , and dry as dust .
 We bought the 2001 version . It fails to load or run on two separate Win98SE systems . Encyclopedia Of Science * hangs * one system requiring a push-button reboot , and complains of `` insufficient memory or disk space '' -LRB- I have 256 MB/40GB respectively -RRB- on the other.DiabloII -LRB- Classic & LOD -RRB- and MechWarrior II , IV , and Black Knight both run on both machines , so do IE6 , Reader Rabbit , Knowledge Adventure , Print Master , Forte Agent , and many others.Editorial reviews put this as better than the 2002 version . Unbelievable .
 I do n't usually have to sit and continously inspire my daughter to watch `` learning software '' . In fact , she stays up late and I have to tear her away from some programs . Not this one . ADVANTAGE is overly stuffy for some reason , low tech , and dull . Its appropriate for elementary level study , I guess . But my kid is on ` roller-blades ' , and this thing is on ` skates ' .
 Elementary Advantage purports to teach spelling , typing , and grammer . However , these subjects were merely `` see how fast you can complete these answers '' and do not teach a thing . The other `` subjects '' were other company 's software -LRB- knowledge adventure , etc -RRB- that they must have trashed.Not recommended !
 I have bought Math Advantage 2002 and that was an excellent software package by Encore Education . But the Elementary Advantage 2002 is the biggest disappointment . The grammar , spelling , reading sections teach nothing but are annoying games that do nothing to explain wrong/right answers . I wanted my niece to learn about grammar , spelling , etc. , but there are no tutoring sessions or explanations . Very disappointing ... considering the price .
 The interface looks great and it works when you 're actually making the slide show . Unfortunately saving movie in any format failed -LRB- leading to unexpected results -RRB- . Totally useless for me then , and a big waste of time . I used only one large photo -LRB- 20k pixels wide , Mac based -RRB- , so maybe that 's why there were issues . Customer support nearly non-existent , so I could n't make them to fix the problem or even discuss it , so I 've returned the software .
 I tried inserting short -LRB- each 40 seconds or less -RRB- . mov clips from my iPod touch into my timeline and the app ALWAYS crashes in preview mode at some point ... not always on the first clip , but before finishing the project -LRB- total of six clips -RRB- . When trying to export in ANY format at least one of the clips , if not all are just a black screen with audio in the background . I 've e-mailed customer support and have been ignored . Do n't bother with this product if you want to incorporate video clips or expect good customer support .
 I have a new 27 inch Imac bought specifically for video editing and slide show production . I was excited to find a product with the features of Photo to Movie , especially the zoom and pan for individual photos . Unfortunately , the program caused my system to freeze up and the computer would not re-boot . After hours spent on the phone with Applecare , I was obliged to reinstall the Lion operating system after erasing everything on the hard disk . The Applecare tech suspected Photo to Movie , a `` third party '' program , was somehow causing a conflict with Lion . The above incident happened TWICE WITHIN A MONTH ! Two separate reinstalls of Lion . Both times the program seemed to work perfectly up until the lock-up . Before the second crash , I had nearly completed my project after about a week of work on it . Sadly for me , I lost over 100 scanned images along with all my music files . So , if you want to try this program make SURE you have everything backed up well in advance . After the second crash , erase and reinstall , I went out and bought an external hard drive for use with the mac 's Time Machine backup system . I am now using iMovie to make my slide shows ; less sophisticated but adequate .
 It seems that Encore spent more time and money on package design than on R&D . First , the software is focused almost entirely on health club workouts -LRB- Smith machine and cable exercises -RRB- and much too light on dumbell/barbell exercises that would make sense for somebody working out at home ... near a computer ! This only makes sense if you 're working on paper , in which case you do n't need a computer , just a log . This is the most glaringly stupid aspect of this software , but there 's more . Secondly , after the user has gone through the very tedious process of creating a routine -LRB- not user friendly at all -RRB- , the routine 's exercises list out in alphabetical order instead of being organized by day in the workout cycle and from major to minor muscle groups . Ridiculous . Finally , the resultant printout is n't anything you could easily use at a health club unless you export the info into an Excel spreadsheet or Word table and reorganize and format it . However , it would be a shame if they do n't look at this as a beta version and make appropriate improvements . Anybody else remember Personal Trainer with Shane Minor ? That was a much better program when it was first released , but it was n't further developed .
 The program is not user friendly at all . The logs to track body fat % , muscle mass , etc. are not included in the program as advertised . The Encore support site appologizes for the glitch in the logs but offers no reslotuion to the problem . I reccomend staying away from this program !
 Poor quality software did n't work properly . First try it turned the entire screen up-side-down and backwards ! Head to look up a cure online to fix my PC . On Windows 7 it worked but in a tiny screen version with extremely poor graphics .
 There is a very small detail I overlooked when purchasing this product . It can be found in VERY small print at the bottom of the box : `` DataPilot software is for personal use only , therefore you can connect and transfer data to a maximum of 8 different mobile phones . `` WHAT ?!?!?!? THE KIT COMES WITH 10 CABLES !! AND YOU ARE TELLING ME I CAN ONLY USE UP TO 8 OF THEM !!!! I bought this thinking I could use it on my friends and family 's phones to help them out too.I did my research before buying but missed this VERY big point.Only get this if you intend to ever connect 8 or less devices . Otherwise you will be VERY disappointed .
 Worst customer service I 've ever dealt with . Stay away from any of this company 's software or products !
 Horrid ... like it was made in a head start game development learning lab and thats being kind . This is the worse product ever , graphics are horrible , wont learn a thing but maybe go blind from looking at the crazy colors and graphics
 Version 7.1.3 b4Bounceback was highly recommended a few years ago in article in MacWorld and/or MacUser . I bought it based on that recommendation . I have sucessfuly used it to back up my computer , so it is not a complete waste of money . It is exceptionally buggy . The interface is exceptionally non-intuitive . The interface resembles nothing like a typical Macintosh interface . The program causes crashes and freezes . It is hard to know if a backup was completely successful . Probably some of the interface difficulties come from translation form a foreigh language into non-standard English . The upgrade for Macintosh appears to lag the upgrade for PCs by many months . I have used it with a variety of computers and OS configurations 10.3-10 .5 . If you have no other back-up solution , this porgram can be used successfully by a persistent watchful Macintosh-proficient user .
 This is a very old software game looks like DOS . Good structure for its day but very outdated . requires the user to run vidio in slow modes & 256 color . will work well on windows 95 & 98 machines . it does work on xp with some special setup . will not work on auto play however .
 There is no way of recording repeating events . Why would they even sell a radio recorder that you ca n't even schedule repeating radio programs ? Then of course they make about four other programs that do almost the same thing . And of course one of their other programs does have a repetive scheduler . Give me a brake ca n't these software companies make one good program instead of ten lousy programs . The same crazy strategy that Magix uses . I have emailed them many times and have not gotten one response
 This product might be great , I would never know . I paid $ 80 for it and it did n't come with the disc to install it . I guess the worker in China was having a bad day that day . I tried on numerous attempts to contact the company , but was deferred to leave a message on a machine that nobody checks . You ca n't reach anybody at their customer service . I highly recommend not buying this product .
 I was hoping Microspot Interiors was finally going to be a good interior design app for OS X but the software is very disappointing . I worked with the program for several hours and then gave up . The manual is poorly written and the help files in similar shape . The program itself is highly unintuitive , and even though I am an expert at many high-end programs for the Mac , I could n't get to square one with this software.Not only that , when the CD came , the program was defective and I had to contact Microspot in England and wait for them to send me a new copy on disk -- only to find I found the program 's interface to be awkward and unworkable.I may be wrong and it may just be that I need a bit of training on it , but even just starting to mess around with the program it was hard to do anything . Good software means an interface that is easy and intuitive to use . Microspot has unfortunately missed the boat on this one . I 'm hoping they will do better on future versions but I 'm not holding my breath . It was a waste of the money I spent for it .
 I agree with the initial review . This is a terrible product . We previously used acomparable Windows product to successfully design a sun room . We anticipated usingMicrospot Interiors to do the same , but like the initial reviewer , gave up afterseveral hours . Terrible product with no redeeming features . Look elsewhere fordesign software .
 Awful customer service.Let it be known that they refuse to EVER take a return because they claim that one could have tried it first with the free trial version .
 This product is junk ! I own 3D Home Architect V. 3 -LRB- which is good -RRB- but I wanted to upgrade . First , my plans from v. 3 could not be uploaded to v. 7 . Second , after 2.5 hours of complete frustration , I still could not complete my interior walls on the first floor of my first plan -LRB- too many wizards and snaps -RRB- . This product is not user friendly , do not waste your money like I did .
 Do n't buy this or anything from this company -LRB- Macware -RRB- , you will never get any support or update.They just cheat people with old version , and you ca n't get any support.We have profs about what we are saying , it 's bad and sad that some company dos work like this.Just find the original author , there you will get update and support .
 I purchased this software , used it religiously , and REGRET IT ! I had put my entire guest list into this software , every address every phone number etc. . Now , the program will load but the guest list will not , it simply freezes on this page . With my wedding only a month and a half away I 've had to re-compile my list and look back up 240 addresses because their tech support does NOT EXIST , I have called , e-mailed , e-mailed e-mailed , etc to no avail . DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY !
 I received this as a gift from my fiance . I have had the same problems with this as other reviewers . The software will not download and I ca n't get the `` Technical Support '' team to contact me back . The company apparently knows of their problems but is still selling this software to unsuspecting customers . If you have n't purchased this yet save yourself the trouble by not ordering this .
 I agree with all the bad reviews for this product . No support , ca n't even get a phone number from super pages to get help . It freezes up , does n't load information into budget planner , ca n't get the guest list that I have completed , Looked great initially , then it totally stopped working with no one to ask why . It STINKS !!!!!!!
 I bought this software and could not open it on my computer , even though my computer meets the system requirements . There is no telephone technical support for this software . When I tried to use the live chat feature on the website for technical support , I could not get any answers either . I was told that my problem is a bug in the software and that the software engineers are working on an update . Do n't buy this software unless you are willing to spend your money and then wait for an update - issue date unknown .
 I purchased this , and was excited to get started planning my wedding . It was great to find software that would work on both Macs and PCs -LRB- Mac software is hard to find -RRB- , and I had high hopes . However , I installed the software on my Mac , and the application will not even run ! The publisher has no telephone tech support , and they did not respond to my email . I then tried the live chat for tech support , and they said that it sounded like I was missing some files . They said that they hoped to have an update sometime soon.In the meantime , I spent the money , and the software does not even work ! Terrible tech support , and a company that offers no solution to fix software that wo n't even run ... save your money and buy something else .
 I got the software to run ok on my mac , but I found it to be rather unintuitive and a bit frustrating to use . For example , the program includes a calendar , but you ca n't add any events to it ! When you enter in dates for the ceremony , rehearsal , due dates for payments , etc. , in the `` planning '' section , none of them show up on the calendar , so what use is it ? There also is n't much you can do to customize the program or account for any unique touches you want to add to your wedding . Some parts of it are a bit buggy -- it would n't save any changes made to the guest list and each time I wanted to make a change to a guest 's details I had to input everything as a new guest . The most useful part -LRB- as it should be -RRB- was the budget assistant , which is pretty straight-foward and easy to use . However , you can get pretty much the exact same thing for free on one of the wedding planning websites.All in all it 's decent for a VERY basic wedding planner , but not worth the money .
 This is the absolute worst purchase I have EVER made in my life ! I have had nothing but problems with this program . I typed in my 300 guests with addresses and SAVED it . When I re-opened the program they were GONE ! I re-typed all of the information and saved it again . AGAIN the information was erased ! The program is not user friendly and it does n't work ! Do n't buy this under any circumstances - paper and pen work better !
 I recently purchased this program and I am very disppointed with it . I was having problems with the contact names not showing up and with the calendar section in which the information would not enter . I have sent emails and tickets to the supportline they give you . -LRB- Oh , and they do n't list a phone number anywhere . -RRB- No one has returned anything back . It has been 2 weeks . You should not waste your money .
 I 'm not usually one to write reviews , but I was very disappointed with this software . I agree with every negative comment made about this product . It does not work with equally with both PC and Mac and does n't work fully on either system . No tech support despite numberous attempts . Do NOT buy !
 Historians agree today that this book is responsible for the modern misunderstanding of Byzantium . Think of only what the labeling `` Byzantine '' means today . If you want to know more about Byzantium start with one of the books on the empire by Sir Steven Runciman .
 I bought SummitSoft Psoftware at Best Buy and it scrambled the registry on my Dell PC . I lost the contents of the hard drive.I restored the operating system and just out of curiosity reloaded Office and then your software and it again crashed the system and destroyed the registry.I returned the software to Best Buy and got my money back . I told them the software not only did n't work , but was demonic .
 I got PowerSlides to work with PowerPoint 2003 , but when I upgraded to PowerPoint 2007 , it does n't work . Though PowerPoint says it has a problem with the macros , even when I set the security settings to allow all macros , it still does n't work . The website for PowerSlides is most unhelpful in this regard.If it does n't work with the latest version of PowerPoint , I 'm not sure what the point of this product is ...
 I tried to install the product but it failed to connect to the internet to register before it could be used even though my connection was working fine so uninstalled it and returned it .
 You will be sorry if you downloaded this product , or actually any Norton products into your computer . Norton software is very intrusive . It goes into your system and tries to disable everything and change the codes in windows so that it can start controlling your computer its own way . It 's a big fat virus itself . The worst part is the tech support team is very retarded . They do n't know how to fix the problems they created and they try to pin pon you around to different departments until you give up calling them anymore . I think they deserve some class action law suits against them . The rating I want to give them is five x 's rather than one star if I could .
 I had a client who installed this on top of the 2003 version . Cant uninstall the old version or install the new one . I whacked the registry and the proper directories and still the install failed . The machine is in limbo now . I put AVG as a stop gap . Im not mixing free -LRB- comcast -RRB- McAfee now as I think she 'll blow . Not sure what to do . Perhaps go to backup quickly ...
 Proceed with caution with this product . It did more damage than any of the viruses I have had . Followed install procedures point by point . GoBack feature locked up the sytem . Disable feature of GoBack also disabled.Tried for hours to get to Symatec via `` live '' chat . Even was willing to call -LRB- they charge $ 30 per phone call -RRB- but that system did not work either.Finally had to rebuild from scratch . Changing to Trend Micro tomorrow.There should be a class action on something like this . Incidences reported all over the place .
 I was so excited to get the software . However , as soon as I put the disk in my drive and clicked on install it came back and told me to uninstall ZoneAlarm because it was not compatable . Huh ? Where did that come from ? None of the product description , advertising , reviews , etc. said anything about my having to uninstall my firewall , which I will not do ! If there was any such warning I would never have ordered Norton in the first place . Yes , I know Symantec offers a 60 day money back guarantee , and I immediately aborted the install and will send it back , but it takes six weeks for them to process a return and I 'm sure they 're not going to pay the interest on my credit card.This was so avoidable if Symantec would have been up front with its requirements and incompatabilities .
 I read the reviews first saying how unstable Nortons Systemworks 2006 was , but being a satified user of Sytemworks 2004 ignored the negative advice.Now at least once every 2 days , I get errors saying liveupdate has crashed , or my definitions are not valid ... Symantec support has an autofix tool to solve these issues -LRB- for 2 days -RRB- ... but I thought I point of antivirus was to stop a pc from crashing , or needing to reboot ... I will not be renewing my Virus subscriptions once they expire ... nortons has lost a customer !
 Have had NSW versions for 5 + years , tried to upgrade from NSW 2005 to NSW 2006 . Uninstalled 2005 , followed all the rules , no viruses , HDD fine . After installation unable to Live-update Virus definitions , dat always reverts to the one on install CD . Unable to create the new feature
 Sigh.As a self-employed guy with no in-house tech help , I 'd relied on Symantec products for years to help keep my systems working . I noticed the poor reviews on this product , but I went ahead and bought it with the same confidence the products had always inspired.It was bad from installation forward , causing lots of strange problems . Tech support was polite and well-intentioned but really only suggested vague guesses or repeated uninstalls and reinstalls -- time-consuming operations with no real benefit.I gave it every benefit of the doubt for a few weeks , but finally my business could n't withstand any more downtime or hours spent trying to get it to work . I uninstalled it for good and went with another vendor . I 'm disappointed to part with what I once considered one of my strongest allies .
 I 've used Norton products since my first PC -LRB- an NEC 486 running Win 3.1 -RRB- . I 've been a total Norton fanboy in the subsequent years , but no longer.As I sit here writing this on my laptop , my desktop is in its THIRD reinstall of Win XP . Two nights ago , my system just up and crashed . I ca n't trace the crash to NSW '06 directly , but in reading the reviews others have written here , I do now recall that my system became much more unstable after installing NSW '06 in June . Anyway , I figured it was time for a clean reinstall anyway -LRB- I used to do this about once a year with Win 98 , and have never done a clean reinstall since my first install of XP in 2002 , so I figured I was `` due , '' even though XP had been , up until the inclusion of NSW ' 06 , remarkably stable for a Windows product -RRB- . I yanked my old hard drive , and was able to copy my most important files off it by installing it as a secondary drive in my wife 's computer . So , on to my reinstall.I put in a NEW hard drive -LRB- had a larger one available -RRB- , formatted , and installed XP without a hitch . Did all the necessary updates , SP1 , SP2 , yadda , yadda , yadda . Finally got to the point where I felt I needed to install my beloved Norton Systemworks 2006 . Install went fine , system had to reboot ... and then I got `` DISK BOOT FAILURE !!! INSERT SYSTEM DISK '' error on the startup screen . Freaked out , I inserted my Win XP CD , which , when I tried to repair the install , told me NO INSTALLATION OF WINDOWS COULD BE FOUND !!!! In short , Symantec Norton Systemworks 2006 ate my entire disk boot information . I had to reinstall from scratch.Reinstalled , reupdated , and this time I was suspicious of ol' NSW ' 06 , so I instead installed NSW '04 -LRB- which featured one of my favorite products right from the get-go , Password Manager -RRB- . Upon entering my product code , I was told I had exceeded my installs for NSW '04 -LRB- huh ? -RRB- . So , thinking that having the install of '04 underneath it would somehow `` help '' , I got up this morning , set up a system restore point in Windows , installed NSW ' 06 , rebooted ... and got the same freaking `` disk boot failure '' error.I have officially sworn off ALL Symantec products . There are far too many well-reviewed products out there made by other companies that do n't hijack your computer 's resources or worse , destroy your hard drive .
 Like many others here , I have been a user of Norton 's Systemworks since owning a Mac 10 yrs ago and now a PC . I 've been using NSW for so many years , I felt I did n't need to read any review . Boy was I wrong.Briefly , I installed the NSW 2006 without the uninstall procedures stated by many of the previous reviewers -LRB- my manual did not state anything about uninstalling previous Symmantec products ... it just states one has to remove `` other '' antivirus programs , of which I did not have and it also said to close all other programs before installing -RRB- . After chosing the `` typical '' installation and restarting , my computer hung up in the boot up process . I could not even evoke the `` Safe Mode '' with the F8 key . Right now I am in the process of uninstalling GoBack -LRB- of which I hope it is doing , as I will have to leave this overnight to do so -RRB- with a dos-start up disk I had to make with the GoBack utility installed on the disk . Tech support via email told me to check to see if my system was compatible with GoBack ... my system wo n't even boot up ... how can one check if it is compatible ?? This fact should have been in the manual and it was not.To those reviewers that wrote out their lengthy uninstall/defrag/backup procedures that they admitted took them 3-4 hours ... thanks , but no thanks ... I mean no disrespect , but Symmantec products should be made so that they may be installed by the average computer user . It should be a no fuss , no muss installation . I use to recommend this product to all of my non technical relatives , but I can no longer do so . I can not imagine what would happen if my 85 yo father in law installed this . Remember now , most people do n't even know how to secure their wireless routers , and you expect them to go thru this process to install a lousy piece of fix-it/antivirus software ?! I 'm hoping I will not have to reinstall my XP system . The only bright spot is that I purchased this at Fry 's . If I receive all of my rebates -LRB- sometimes doubtful with Fry 's -RRB- , this program will turn out to be free ... and sorry to say , this is not even worth that .
 Peter Norton ... the original programmer/publisher ... shouldbe really upset that his NAME is associated with this product.I have used Norton products since the early MS-DOS daysand up until now I have always considered Norton THE SOFTWAREfor anti-virus and utilities.I am a subscriber to ComCast and as such I get FREEMcAfee A/V , Firewall , and Spyware Protection . It 's freeso I use it . . but when the Norton Suite came out I wasall over it . What a let down.It hangs , crashes , has conflicts ... . basically a huge wasteof $ 60 . You do n't , like another reviewer said , have to do a totalre-install of the OS to get rid of it ... . you just have tobe patient ... cause it aint easy . You 'll need Registry cleaning tools and a good defragmenter ... . Norton does not want toleave.To wrap this up ... . Norton SystemWorks 2006 actuallyCAUSES more problems than it was supposed to fix ... In good consceince I ca n't re-sell -LRB- I ca n't return it -RRB- itto anyone ... . so now I have a $ 60 coaster . Yay for me !
 I have been using Norton Utilities -LRB- including Systemworks -RRB- since around 1985 and this is a horrible version that crashes computers . I had a problem maybe 10 years ago with a horrible version . This one takes the prize for worst Symantec product ever . I spent about 5 hours trying to solve the issues upgrading from Systemsworks 2005 to Systemworks 2006 . I finally found an obscure site that informed me that GoBack will not work with some systems . After working forever to uninstall stuff , I was eventually able to start over and do a custom install without GoBack and Registry Cleaner -LRB- or whatever they call it -RRB- . My computer now works . If you buy this terrible software DO a CUSTOM INSTALL and DO NOT install GoBack . My son is getting ready to go back to college today , and went into panic mode when his new version of SystemWorks 2006 completely crashed his notebook computer . Eventually he was able to uninstall 2006 , which was not easy and could not be done completely no matter what . He was able to install my old SystemWorks 2005 which seems to have stuck . Let 's hope his 2005 version will continue to work . Do not buy SystemWorks 2006 . Wait for SystemWorks 2007 maybe ?
 If you upgrade from the 2005 Premiere version -LRB- which includes Ghost -RRB- to the 2006 standard version -LRB- which does not include Ghost -RRB- , be warned that the upgrade deletes the entire previous suite , so you 'll lose the use of Ghost . Customer service -LRB- outsourced to India -RRB- is worthless - basically told me to send back the software for a refund -LRB- which I 'm going to do -RRB- .
 I bought this program to fix a small problem , now I have major problems and NO support . The program so far has disabled my keyboard completely and caused me to have to UNPLUG the computer to shut it down FOUR times in the last three hours . I am familiar with computer , have taken two years of classes in software including the A + training classes , so I am not a novice , but this is a real mess .1 -RRB- It has disabled my keyboard so I can not use the Symantic help system without calling them at $ 29.00 per call even tho it is their program that is causing the problem ! I have reinstalled keyboard and tried everything else I can think of but it will not work . -LRB- I am sending this message from another computer -RRB- 2 -RRB- It will not activate and when I try it hangs up the computer into a loop that will not allow anything I have on my computer to stop . You can not end the program , you can not shut down the computer , you ca n't do anything except unplug the whole thing . Their web site says to check the firewall , but it is their firewall and since I have no keyboard I ca n't fix this either .3 -RRB- There is No support . This is the first big company I have dealt with that provides no support for technical issues with installation caused by their program.Never Again will I buy a Symantic Program!Kathy in Cincinnati
 I 've been a longtime Norton Utilities/SystemWorks user for over 12 years . In my opinion , Norton was always helpful and indispensable until about 3-4 years ago . Their Utilities product for Macintosh was useless in OS X , and their recent PC issues do nothing except slow down my system -LRB- s -RRB- or prevent them from booting at all -LRB- as this SystemWorks 2006 did -RRB- . I 'm uninstalling all of my Norton and Symantec software from all of my machines today . There are better products out there that cost less and actually work .
 Title says it all . Unless you enjoy spending long hours throuhgout the night trying to salvage what you can of your files , please just stay away from this product . If I had to use this , I would ONLY install the antivirus portion and NOTHING ELSE!Even after finally being able to disable GoBack , which took about an hour to do , and uninstalling from within the control panel , my program files folder still shows the program folder intact and when I try to uninstall Live Update , it tells me that I still have Norton products installed , when nothing else shows up in Add/Remove Programs!Someone aught to tell one of their lawyer friends about this and sue them so that we call all get our money back !
 I remember when I bought NSW for the first time for windows 95 . A Pleasure to intall and easy uninstall . No more . Now when you uninstall it leave 10s of dozens of files in your registry your documents and settings file on the C
 DO NOT BUY IT !!!!! I have been using Norton SystemWorks on my computers for many years and updating it annually . However , this year it has been nothing but trouble and more trouble . It started when I tried to down load my upgrade , it indicated it down loaded but failed to run or upload . I tried to call customer service and tech support on a weekend and could not reach anyone . At one point I was on hold with tech support for over hour and hung up on . I was not a happy camper . Note that if you log on to a special site at Symantec Corp you can get a priority number and move up in the queue . Do not listen to the web site directions they are wrong , you must put http://www.service , the web site leaves off the www requirement.I tired of waiting and I went and bought the CD and called Symantec Corp customer service for a refund of the down load , they sent me an email and when I responded to it said I would be refunded . We will see . The customer service was very helpful and efficient , if only the rest of Symantec worked this way I would not be writing this . I loaded the CD and it froze up my computer . I called tech support , and had to wait and wait and when I finally got to talk to someone they could not help and said I needed to reload SystemWorks.Now it gets real bad . This time when it reloaded it could not even get to Windows and went into a loop . Nothing could get me out of it . I called a professional to come by the next day to see what they could make of it . When he evaluated it hen said BOTH of my internal hard drives were corrupted . The C drive had to be wiped and rebuilt . After $ 500 the computer now works but the second drive where I backed up to , still does not work and I have vital information I need to get off it so I may be looking at another $ 200 to get the drive to work . . I just talked to another friend and the same thing happened to them and they have not been able get their computer up and working after two weeks . DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM even if you are a loyal user . I consider myself one and I am terribly disappointed and also out $ 500 to $ 700 . Shame on you Symantec Corp , your poor product and technical support has driven me to never use your product again . In your rush to the market place you have lost a loyal customer . Shame , Shame , Shame on you .
 I 've been a loyal user of Systemworks -LRB- also `` Utilities '' & AntiVirus -RRB- for many years , frequently buying upgrades as I moved through various Windows OSs . The latest verison -LRB- 2006 -RRB- has been a big disappointment .1 -RRB- The `` integrator '' repeatedly crashes -LRB- and `` must shut down '' -RRB- . I was told to reintall -LRB- it took 4 hours -RRB- . Tech support -LRB- email -RRB- was slow and barely intelligible .2 -RRB- The full scan now takes over 8 hours on a modest sized system .3 -RRB- The utilities have not been substantially improved in 5 years4 -RRB- The rebate -LRB- for upgrade users -RRB- came in the form of a debit card , not a check . -LRB- What a hassle ! I do n't want any more `` plastic '' ! -RRB- 5 -RRB- Turning the Norton protection off substantially speeds up my PC . What the heck is going on back there?During the next year , I 'll be looking for a new Anti-Virus support product.Cheers , John
 First time but will be the last time to buy anything from this company . I would give -100 score if there is . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Extremely Slow scan , I thought it will demage hard drive if used for long time ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- I installed on one machine then on second -LRB- license allowed -RRB- , uninstalled then install several time . all machine locked . pop up RED fix error message ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- VERY BAD customer service , you need to search all place on website then you could find use less customer support . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Such bad product , you need to renew OR re suscribe periodically to pay extra money , cost very high . very simple other anti virus software will do same thing with only less than $ 20 ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- Customer service is very bad , I sold this , after 3 month VERY UNSATISFIED USAGE -LRB- I bought at $ 70 retail box -RRB- . However Symantec declines to transfer license . RIDICULUS , RIDICULUS . EVEN Microsoft will allow license . What does Synmantec think they are ? Doing business in such a meager and narraw minded short sight . No wonder they have such a bad product ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- Advice to all buyers , try CA s-trust or MAfree . Much compact and cheap . Better performance than this .
 I had just put together a new computer , an AMD 64 X2 4800 with ASUS 8an SLI motherboard . The microsoft xp pro came with a 60 day trial version of Norton Internet Security . Four days before my trial version expired , Norton stopped updating virus definitions and any of the other stuff it does . At the same time my operating system started malfunctioning . It was not salvagable and only became worse . I ended up having to reformat . I have Norton Systemworks on my other computer . It was erased a bunch of my wife 's files and I could not recover them . I will be changing software companies . Cursed Symantec for their crappy software .
 Stay away from this program . It messed up my computer to where I almost had to reformat the hard drive . Luckily , it looks like I 'm OK just restoring the computer to an earlier date . I 've reinstalled Norton Internet Security 2007 only and am praying that works okay . There 's a reason all of these reviews are so negative . Norton , how could you ???
 Buying this product was the worst mistake that I 've made all the years I 've owned a computer . I have been using Norton Antivirus for the last 4 years and have had no problems . I currently had a subscription and really did n't need to buy Systemworks 2006 , but it advertised how it can keep your computer running like a Swiss watch -LRB- or something to that effect -RRB- . I figured that was a good thing . I bought the product , uninstalled all my Norton products and installed Systemworks 2006 , but a file was damaged during installation -LRB- which sounds like a common problem -RRB- . I could not run one of the products -LRB- GoBack -RRB- that was part of the package . I tried uninstalling , but that failed . I contacted support and they sent me a list of things to do . They had links to help pages and there were spelling errors in the links so they did n't work . I fixed the links and got to the help pages , but they did n't work either . Support sent me execute files that were supposed to remove the files , but they did n't work . I 've gone through every procedure they have sent over and over . After many , many hours , and many emails from support , I just got tired of it and I 'm currently running without any virus protection whatsoever . I still have another support email to work on , so I 'm not going to give up , but never having had a virus on my computer , I 'm wondering if it would have been better to chance getting a virus than to have this horrendous thing happen . Maybe the whole virus protection thing is a scam ??? I 'm not a computer wiz , but I work with computers for my job and have for many years . I have installed and uninstalled lots of software and fixed problems . If it is this much trouble for me to fix , It would be impossible for a large percentage of casual computer users . Do n't expect this product to make your computer run like a Swiss watch or even a Timex . It may turn your computer into a worthless piece of junk which you may then get rid of and buy a new one , or pay some computer wiz to fix it for you .
 I was using Norton Systemsworks 2003 with great satisfaction - and then the company stopped supporting the product forcing a new investment . I assumed the 2006 version would be an improvement and installed it , following their directions closely . It worked intitially , but then completely disabled my operating system . The troubleshooting portion of the instructions actually includes this as a scenario and instructs the user to disable and uninstall one of its `` GoBack '' feature and cautions the user to contact the manufacturer of the computer to determine whether there was any damage to partitions in your disk ! Not very comforting . Now my computer runs slower than ever . I am not a happy customer and will not use any of their products in the future .
 If you purchase this product , I strongly suggest not installing GoBack during setup . I have a system with 2 hard drives where the second drive is primarily used for backup . I had GoBack installed , and there was a problem with the backup drive . My PC would not boot to Windows because GoBack was not able to access all of its data . I tried unhooking the backup drive , and still could n't boot to Windows . During bootup , there is a GoBack splash screen saying `` press spacebar for options '' , but pressing spacebar yields an error message , followed by `` press any key to restart '' . Without being able to get to Windows , there is no way to disable GoBack , and GoBack will not allow Windows to start -LRB- not even in safe mode -RRB- . I have now lost the data on my hard drive , as well as the data on my backup . Thank you Norton .
 I wanted to protect me brand new computer from virus attack , and finally i got the kind of virus by installing this software . I installed this software and it crashed totally my computer . I paid 70 $ more to retreive my data and then I am going to reinstalle xp to the computer . I think they should rembourse us for total cost and waist of time .
 It slows your computer down . There is no advantages to having NSW that most home page services provide . Programs ca n't load . Unnecessary glitches . Deletes all user information , but does n't ask whether to delete it . A TOTAL waste of money and time . PASS !!!
 I have been a long-time Norton user . I have Norton Systemworks & Norton Internet Security installed currently . I have wasted an entire weekend trying to get the Systemworks 2006 to install properly on my computer . What a nightmare . I have had to uninstall and reinstall the current Internet Security program , just to get the Live Update to work properly . My computer now makes a clicking noise when I turn it on , and that is only the beginning of the negative repercussions this has caused to my computer . The only bright light is that I have n't opened the Norton Internet Security 2006 that I bought when I purchased the Systemworks 2006 -- it 's getting returned to the store pronto ! I have given up on Norton altogether after this still-ongoing horrible experience .
 Is your computer running OK ? Good , do n't risk screwing it up by installing Systemworks . If you have a problem with Systemworks , then due to the complexity of its installation , it is highly likely that you wo n't be able to uninstall it and you 'll have to either reinstall Windows , or worse , reformat your disk and reinstall Windows and all your application software . Say goodbye to your un-backed up data ! That 's what happened to me and most people consider me a PC and Windows expert -LRB- I 've been in software engineering for 30 years and have been responsible for the configuration of many tens of PCs -RRB- . Many of the features of Systemworks are now included in Windows XP . If you go to the Start Menu > Programs > Accessories > System Tools , you will find a disk defragmenter and the System Restore facility for returning your system to a prior stable configuration . A tool -LRB- formerly called scandisk -RRB- for finding and repairing file system problems is also available
 I 've had two previous versions of Systemworks and enjoyed an excellent product . What happened to the 2006 version I do n't know . Both of my systems now run exponentially slower . I 've got a 3.4 GHz processor with a GB of RAM that is slower than my old Pentium 3 's . The CPU 's are continuously maxed out . My laptop now overheats without even running additional software . I have been blocked from using my home network , a problem with no apparent solution . I may as well be using a dial-up modem instead of the Cable internet I 'm paying for . I would expect the Symantec knowledge base to have solved these issues long ago , but they maintain that none of them exist . The real travesty is that I can not convert my subscriptions back to the 2005 version , which ran beautifully . How can I say this loud enough for Symantec to pay attention ?
 I 've used Norton Products for 10 years and never had any major problems . I 've held their products in high regard . Until now.I up-graded from System Works 2003 to the new 2006 version and it is a nightmare . The installation seem to go smooth but after updating the virus definitions and files the fun began . I started getting an `` ccApp '' error on shut down which caused the log off/shut down process to take several minutes -LRB- normally it takes appox 25 seconds -RRB- . I checked Symantec 's knowledge base for a fix and followed all their `` solutions '' , none worked . I then tried to update using the `` Live Update '' feature and problem # 2 arose a `` LU1840
 If you 've been reading the reviews you find you either love it or you hate it . It either works smooth like glass , or destroys all in its path like a bull in a glass shop.The question is , if told you I was going to flip a coin and heads I installed another year of internet protection , or tails I trashed your hard drive , lost your files , and gave you a 12hr to 2 week computer rebuild , would you still want to play ? Good luck , and I mean that , because for me it came up tails.I wo n't bore you with details , just give you some quick facts of what happened to me . Purchased two copies of NIS 2006 . One to install over a 2005 installation on a desktop , one to install in a brand new laptop , fresh out of the box . Results : Preface - If you are in trouble after loading a system expect no help from Symantec . To give you some idea of where they start , if your installation stops your computer from accessing the internet , their help online -LRB- use another computer to get -RRB- states you should connect to the internet and use their connectivity checker - that 's it . How you connect to the internet with a computer that ca n't connect to the internet after installation , well that 's your problem.Desktop - Blue screen , fatal error . Enter the netherworld . Turns out installing GoBack as part of NIS on my system crashed me fatally -LRB- I should have known , its clearly written on page 35 of the manual to not install GoBack -RRB- . Eventually using deleting restore points and loading old configs , got my computer back , but with all my disk drive letters gone -LRB- could not even boot in safe mode or off of disks because the drives were not recognized -RRB- . Dell resolved the issue for me in fifteen minutes and there is a fix on MS website - but nothing on Symantec . Reinstalled all previous components with liveupdate in between took over 7 hours - dialup . Never managed to load 2006 , it now says there is an integrity error and dares me to load the program at my own risk . BTW , as I found out later , NIS 2006 failed to install and began the nightmare , but the item that crashed my computer was the snippet of code Symantec provides to remove old installations , and play with your registry.Laptop - Straight out of the box the cool wireless connection worked flawlessly . Added NIS 2006 , it went to live update , again flawlees . Update completed , now I see a connection established but the internet can not be accessed , and live update will not run . Symantec has this error listed on their website along with , you guessed it , access the internet and run their connectivity checker . So helpful.I left McAfee when they started failing in their development and qualification process and had similar problems , and came to Norton years ago . Each successive installation over the years has progressively gotten worse . Now they have damaged both my computers , and the only fixes apparently deal with registry changes - which other amateurs will immediately recognize as dangerous.Advice . After 7 years of Symantec , I am gone . I noticed that the new laptop , my new DSL service provider and most of the computers at the stores are pre-loaded with competing products and now I know why . I will try one of those and hope they find a way to disable the Symantec monster upon loading.For those of you who wish to buy this product because of some misplaced devotion to a crumbling product line , get some coffee , back up everything you value , get a second computer for online access after your first goes down , and prepare yourself for a very long night .
 This program has never worked right , causes endless error messages , and now thinks it is not activated -LRB- even though I activated it -RRB- and the activation process crashes.And you can not remove it . Uninstalling from CD or the Add/Remove control panel fails . You also ca n't uninstall from safe mode.The Symantec `` support '' site only has utilities to install the 2002 version . Nothing for 2006 . And you ca n't call or email for help without paying a per-minute chargeAnd of course you ca n't install new anti-virus or anything without getting rid of it first.Looks like I will have to reinstall Windows to get this infection off my PC.DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM or anything from Symantec unless you feel like wasting a day or two rebuilding your PC . It 's a total disaster .
 I have uninstalled SystemWorks 2006 and will not be going back to Symantec products . I had three problems :1 . On initial install of SystemWorks in January 2006 , the `` GoBack '' module wiped my hard drive . This was annoying and not easy to fix .2 . I reinstalled -LRB- and had to reregister -RRB- without the GoBack module and used the software for several months satisfactorily . A few annoyances
 I used Norton Systemworks 2003 for a couple years and liked it , so decided to buy this based on a great sale price . Big mistake.Things began to go screwy right from the start of the installation . On screen instructions said take the CD out , then click finish . I did so , and wham
 I have been purchasing Norton Systemworks for 4 PCs at home for about 8 years . When I installed an update to 2006 , it installed OK and worked for about 6 months . Then , during a LiveUpdate session , the LiveUpdate software sat there trying to make a connection and never completed . In subsequent LiveUpdate attempts , the software reports that I ca n't launch Update because it is already running . I 've used their `` support '' articles , and killed the various processes and relaunched LiveUpdate , but then it just hangs and never makes a connection . When I used their online support , I got a lot of really stupid , time-consuming suggestions such as deleting my DSL connection , turning off my firewall , numerous re-boots , installing an updated LiveUpdate application . One support rep `` hung up '' on the chat in the middle , and only one out of three support rep 's have emailed the chat log I 've requested each time . I 've used XP 's `` Remove Software '' to uninstall all listed Norton products as well as LiveUpdate , followed by a full reinstall . After the reinstalls , LiveUpdate ran successfully ONCE to update all the out-of-date files , but the next time LiveUpdate attempted to run , it could not make a connection . Same problem . Another `` support '' chat , who suggested I uninstall and reinstall everything , AGAIN . There are no support articles for the 2006 Systemworks for performing a full removal/uninstall . I specifically asked the support tech for information on registry entries I should check or delete , or other instructions to ensure a full/total removal prior to attempting one more uninstall/reinstall cycle . The support tech said he would email me info and a copy of the chat log , which have never arrived . I have built PCs , diagnosed & repaired numerous software & hardware problems over the years , and direct a corporate IT department . At this point , it really appears that Norton Systemworks has a repeating error , and their support has been useless in helping resolve . I have other things to do with my life than spend multiple days and nights trying to troubleshoot Norton 's bloated , underperforming Systemworks software . I still like the Utilities provided in the application ; unfortunately Symantec made the decision a few years ago to stop packaging the Utility programs separately . But with 6 months left on my current subscription , but no ability to benefit from it because of Systemworks ' inability to run LiveUpdate , I will be looking for a better/replacement product . I doubt I will look at Symantec products in the future . Too bad , Symantec has taken a great product line and made it bloated and unstable , and even Symantec support is virtually helpless to resolve their own problems .
 I recently upgraded to the Systemworks 2006 , assuming that it was `` better and improved '' . What a mistake ! This program has been a headache from the get go . I reformatted my computer prior to the initial install , so I did not expirence the same installation problems that others here did . But I promise , even if you get this installed , it 's a mess . First , the GoBack feature is nothing more than a terror that slows your computer and eats your resources . Then the program ended up allowing a virus to get through , and not only could it not remove it , I could n't manually remove it either . So I had to reformat again , less than a month after it was installed.After the reformat , I could not access my second HDD . After THREE days of messing with my computer , talking to friends , getting help from my IT guys at work and thousands of google searches , I was about ready to throw my PC out the window . Norton 's CS told me it was a HDD problem , and I should buy recovery software -LRB- $ 75 - $ 150 -RRB- to remove my important data and then buy a new HDD . I was about to do this when I finally discovered the answer hidden in a tech fourm from 2 years ago . Apparently Norton GoBack installs itself on all of your drives , and locks them ! So unless you have GoBack installed on the machine , you ca n't access the drive . I installed GoBack , backed up all my data , and formatted yet again , this time without GoBack.Now that I have my PC back up and running , with access to all of my HDD 's , I am having another problem with norton . Now it 's Worm Protection is blocking my own router ! I keep getting messages saying that it detected a worm , coming from and to my routers IP address . Ummmm . . this is IMPOSSIBLE ! It 's just getting false positives . And no matter what I do , I ca n't get it to stop . I have added the IP as a trusted source , turned off PortScanning , even disabled worm protection which does not feel very safe . Nothing seems to work . Everytime it blocks my router , it locks me off of it for 30 minutes , or until I go in and manually unlock it.This software is terrible and I would NEVER recommend it to anyone . I am not an idiot when it comes to computers , and I know what programs should and should not do . I build my own PC 's , work with PC 's all day and for the most part can solve problems . But SystemWorks is the most unstable and unrealiable program I have encounted thus far . Tonight this program will be completely removed from my system . I would rather have no protection for 2 days while I wait for something else than have this on my PC for another minute .
 Yes to what everyone else has said . Problems installing , some features do n't work for no discernable reason , reasource hog , long startup time , etc. . I bought this and Ghost 10 and I consider that completely wasted money . I 'd strongly recommend going with another company for software of this type .
 The reason behind this statement is simply because Norton does n't trust you . What I mean is , when you install thier product , they hide so much of thier own stuff on your computer , that when you may find a need to move on from thier software , it 's almost impossible to uninstall.For example . If you install anything made by Norton , then went and uninstalled it immediately , guess what , it 's not actually uninstalled . No , you need to go get a tool from thier website -LRB- never mentioned in any product manual -RRB- to remove the software parts that may be left behind.Think that 's the end of it ? Nope . If you happen to forget to empty your Norton Protected Files from the Norton Protected Recycle bin , they stay protected FOREVER . Not a good thing . You may have many gigabytes worth of space being ` protected ' by Norton you do n't even know about . There is currently NO KNOWN METHOD for completely removing these protected files . I call that stolen space.To top it all off , when reviewed against other Security Suites or System service programs , Norton always lacks in many important features . Do yourself a HUGE favor , like I SHOULD HAVE , and never EVER install this garbage on any computer you plan on keeping .
 Bought this three weeks ago and uninstalled previous Norton products . Tried to install and it totally CRASHED my XP system . I spent two hours on the phone with their support guy in India -LRB- who -- no offense intended -- had such a thick accent I truly could barely get thru the conversation -RRB- . After a ton of registry edits we finally recovered my machine enough so I could keep living . Tried once more to install and only got installation failure errors . So ... I ca n't even get the damn thing working at all ! I will be returning the software and getting my money back .
 First of all , let me say that I have been a looong-time user of Norton products . I 've had numerous versions of Norton Security and System Works on my computers for 10 + years . I 've purchased them because once you do manage to get them properly installed , they generally work well . Without exception , however , I have found all versions of Norton to be tricky to install , re-install , and uninstall . There have been many times where I 've had to dissect my Windows registry in order to fully remove Norton so that I could install a new version . Even then , even with clean installs , even with a clean boot-up , I always keep my fingers crossed that the whole process will work without a hitch this time . All too often I 've found myself on the Norton website searching through the tech help files trying to figure out some glitch . I 've done this because in the past I felt the results were worth all the trouble . Even so , this is the first version of any of their programs that I have not been able to get to install no matter what I did ... short of starting my computer over from scratch with a clean reformat . Actually , I 'm not willing to go quite that far for a single program when there are so many other good choices out there now . I feel terrible about having blown $ 60 on this program . It does still have some amount of usefulness considering it can be run directly from the disk . However , using it that way deprives you of the free updates and many of the higher functions . Yet , I 'm not saying you should n't buy this program . I think caution should be exercised when considering it though , especially for inexperienced computer users . Be warned that the Norton programs can present a challenge .
 I 've used Norton/Symantec products for years and have always had a Norton Utility/System Works product on every PC/Mac I 've ever owned for over a decade . For at least the last half decade I 've diligently purchased annual updates to the System Works packages and installed them without problem . This 2006 update however is a startling disappointment . . For starters , the new install does not automatically update the old version as previous editions did . You have to do some uninstall work here . Yes , that means the little application that allowed you to keep your registration information for Norton Products -LRB- minor but convenient -RRB- ready for new products or upgrades is gone.Also lost this year is the Password Manager application , which you have to manually remove -LRB- and backup !! -RRB- before installing NSW 2006 . Technically , the 2004 Password Manager is still hidden on the disk , so you -LRB- theoretically -RRB- can re-install it afterwards -LRB- if you backed up your profile !! -RRB- , but you have to manually browse the disc to find it , and at least for me , I * still * have n't been able to re-install it , even after following Symantec 's suggestions.Also , I was never able to get NSW 2006 installed with the `` GoBack '' application . Basically , I had to do a custom install and omit that from the list . I 'll probably regret not fussing with it some more , but I was too frustrated to proceed after trying to install-uninstall-reinstall four times.Once you 've installed the parts you can , the product is OK , I suppose . Not an improvement on the 2005 version interface in any significant way I can detect . In fact , it seems a bit more invasive with more annoying pop-up windows and task-bar presence than earlier editions.In short , poor , poor installation and not significantly improved functionality .
 Facts : PC user since 1983PC Tools supporter in early 1990s then regular Norton supporter , updating annually.System
 Really just wanted to renew my AV scrip -LRB- SystemWorks ' 03 -RRB- ... Shoulda just done that , but instead went with SW 2006 ... Had to use WinPatrol to disable System Doctor -LRB- found this tip from reading above SW 2006 reviews -RRB- ... Runs OK now ... Just renew what you have if you 're happy with it ... Do n't upgrade to this version
 I have been on the Symantec Priority Help line for 45 minutes after two days of frustration . I have used Norton Utilities for years with few problems , but this 2006 version is riddled with problems . I ca n't install it on one of my computers after repeated trys in a totally pristine environment . I had to uninstall it Systemworks from my laptop because it caused one of my important programs to freeze repeatedly . I am sending it back tomorrow . Norton has turned out a bad product and offers no help .
 Stay away from Symantec Norton System Works . Made the DVD Burner inoperational . Makes the soundcard work intermittently at best . Has boot up problems -LRB- over and over and over -RRB- . When the computer is sorta working it is extremely slowwww . The tech that I took the computer to has seen this before and said that it -LRB- norton -RRB- will need to be removed and Windows xp reloaded . I will never buy another Symantec / Norton product . I will keep the copy of Norton Systemworks 2006 to remind me -LRB- painfully -RRB- not to buy any of their products and warn all others to do the same . Shame on Symantec and Norton for releasing this on the public and asking for money for this . Call this the Norton Virus Program . ps
 Steer clear of Norton/Symatec products . My HP came with Norton SystemWorks 2006 trial version and I thought it wss fine . Assumed the installation of the product would be quick and painless . Do n't remember all that went wrong , but one thing is that I was told by customer support after the fact that I should have uninstalled the trial version before installing the version I had purchased . It took forever to install even when there were n't problems . After suffering with a computer that had slowed to a crawl I was able to determine that it was due to a setting in my Norton Internet Security 2006 program . I finally stopped using it even though I had purchased a two-year version . The Windows uninstall program chugged along for quite a while before announcing that the program could not be removed . Got the Norton removal tool from the web and that 's what I 'm doing right now . I had not been using the product for months , but it is so hard to get rid of , that I had n't done so .
 After over a year and a half including renewing for updates I 've now discarded Norton SW 2006 . it was problamatic and a waste of money . It conflicts with Partition magic another Symantec product and will not work with many MS updates . My system is now operating trouble free since I 've uninstalled NSW . Previously my computer was eratic and crashed frquently .
 This product has been around for years and could have actually evolved into something useful . Good luck trying to uninstall it or even to kill any unwanted processes spawned by it with Task Manager . I had to do a clean install to remove this garbage from my system . You used to be able to get this as an OEM version really cheap , but I guess the anti-capitalists at Symantec put an end to that , too , so to me , it is utter heresy to spend the bucks for a retail version . For all the functionalities of this product -LRB- except maybe Ghost , which takes a week and a ton of patience to get working -RRB- you can find free , well-supported shareware versions - and if there 's a problem with one of those , chances are someone will actually return your email and help you solve the problem !! -LRB- Unlike with Symantec or most other big co 's -RRB- .
 Ack , when I reboot after installation my laptop hangs . If you have this I suggest only installing Antivirus.I accidently installed the whole thing , and am currently installing XP again as a result.Definitely a waste of money .
 I hate to criticize any product , especially I have been using Norton anti-virus for years . However , Norton Systemworks , interestingly , unlike its name -- It does n't work for me . It slows me down and need to reboot n times to install it and it was getting slower and slower in each reboot . So , I decided to uninstall it and I need to roboot , reboot , and reboot . After my uninstalling of SW2006 , it also took out the antivirus that I already have in my computer . So I need to uninstall my Norton Internet security 2005 then installed it back . Totally hours spent
 I bought both System Works and Internet Security and now Windows is finished . Crashes for no good reasons and then refuses to boot . Appears Norton has huge registry issues with their own software . And their tech support really stinks.Avoid at all costs ... this program is a death trap !
 This download I purchased has pretty much made my system unusable as now I have no antivirus software at all . Upgrading from Norton 2003 - once installed I was unable to download the antivirus dictionary . 3 times I `` Chatted '' with their online help which gave me instructions which were inaccurrate . Said my pc was not in sync with their database . I have spent over 4 hours of my weekend time trying to get this program to work . Looks like a serious bug . To talk on the phone ` live ' they charge 29 $ ! There 's a deal after paying 59 $ for the download !! I have asked for a refund and am going to buy Macaffey .
 I am formatring my PC after this post . The program crashed during install and now is in limbo . No install - No uninstall - knotheadsthat ca n't help at the helpline . I was a symantec fan and have fought it in the past but now I am done for good . This is the last time for me . THere are plenty of more intellegent options out there . Just do a little search in the reviews.....ARGHHH@!@@!!
 Bottom line
 Read the reviews of the others here . They are right . Stay away from this product . If you must install , please make backup or image of your drive . Installed 2006 . After pulling my hair out and not being able to do anything with it , had to do a clean install . Went back to 2005 . Who wrote the code on this ? JUNK !
 I recently tried to update my Norton Systemworks . Halfway through the update , I got a message telling me it was unable to uninstall my old Norton Systemworks . I tried to back out of the installation at that point , but was unable . I called the Norton company , spent an hour on the phone with a tech , only to have them tell me it was my computer . I assured them that I was just using my computer , which was fine , and now it does n't work . They told me there was nothing further that they could do , and that I would have to call a computer service company . I found out that the uninstall process corrupted my operating system , causing me to lose everything on my hard drive , and requiring a new operating system . I have run into other people who had exactly the same problem , with no help from the Norton Company . I will never again buy a Norton product . I only wish I could get my money back from them .
 I `` upgraded '' to NORTON 'S 2006 Version of Internet Security and Virus Protection software online . Included was Norton SystemWorks . I have used Norton anti-viral software exclusively for several years without any major problems . And yes , I always remove my previous version , before adding new software . Even though my internet connection is via private satellite antenna , it took almost two hours for the product to download and install . Then when I rebooted my laptop -LRB- a new high-end Sony Vaio with Windows XP -RRB- , it froze up during startup . I wo n't go into all the hassle involved , but after THREE removals and downloads over a period of several weeks , it became apparent that there was something SERIOUSLY wrong with NORTON 'S 2006 Product . It caused crashes on almost a daily basis , and updates always took an excessive amount of time . Customer service was no help at all , and the company refused to refund my purchase price . I 've since switched to a different brand of anti-viral internet protection software and have had no more problems with my computer . After this experience , I will NEVER use NORTON products again . The only reason I gave this a 1-star rating is because it 's the lowest rating available . It should actually be MINUS 5 STARS for the aggravation and time and money wasted .
 I have been using a variety of Norton products over the years including Systemworks and Internet Security . Once you get them up and running , they work well until the one year anniversary rolls around and you 're supposed to renew your subscription . It seems Norton 's programmers and customer support team have n't a clue as to what they 're doing and have n't figured out how to make the upgrade process seamless . Two years ago , the problem was that Internet Security itself was preventing my computer from updating to the newest prouct . Of course there was no warning telling you to disable the previous version . Several hours later , things were finally up and running . Last year 's problem was similar to the one that I just spent the past several hours trying to fix . That is , I got an email a couple of weeks ago from Norton telling me it 's time to upgrade both products and renew my subscriptions , which I did . After about an hour of configuring , it was finally up and running smoothly . Flash forward two weeks to this morning and suddenly I 'm getting charged again by Norton for autorenewing my older products . I then got bounced around by customer support -LRB- after searching for 10 minutes for a phone number to call -RRB- where each of the reps made me feel like I was in the twilight zone . They ended up accidentally refunding my renewel for both products for $ 67 from two weeks ago and then telling me that my autorenewel from this morning covered only Internet Security and that I would have to pay an additional $ 54 to renew SystemWorks . When I explained that I renewed Systemworks two weeks ago and that my refund should have been for the $ 54 autorenewel , the rep told me there was nothing he could do but that `` I was welcome to pay an additional $ 54 '' to buy the very same product that I bought two weeks ago and got refunded for by accident this morning by another rep who told me he was refunding this morning 's autorenewel , but when I got the confirmation email it referred back to my upgrade from two weeks ago for $ 67 . If my story is confusing and circular , you can only imagine how I feel . It took three more calls and a manager to finally sort through the problem . I 'll be waiting to see what my credit card statement looks like , as I have no faith that it 'll be sorted out . Either that or the charges will be correct but I can expect my subscriptions to terminate prematurely . Norton , please sort out your upgrade process and improve your customer support . They are terrible .
 Have used Norton for years , but the upgrade to 2006 has been problematic . Spyware undetected by Systemworks 2004 prevents 2006 from synchronizing . 2006 can not detect it either . Customer support of little help and clearly not based in the US . I doubt I will come back to Norton next time .
 Do n't buy software you pay good money for only to have it disabled ! If I had known this was going to be disabled prematurely , I would have never had bought it.After getting an error message that the subscription was invalid , I call support and was told the software subscription was up despite the fact that I still 4 + months left on the subscription renewal.All I asked for for was the entire year subscription I purchased 11/7/2005 and am able to use the product -LRB- System Works 2004 -RRB- until that time . I think that 's reasonable , legitimate and legal as there was no agreement that I would have purchased another product to have the registration time applied to the product.Now the product is disabled and EVERY service is disabled as well . That means , no virus scan , no disk doctor -- nothing . Every service is disabled and the software is useless .
 Even if YOUR installation goes well , this will slow down your computer by about 50 % . Norton GO BACK is a monster . Norton Ghost is n't ready for prime time . Ultimately I uninstalled it and installed the # 1 rated BitDefender 9 . For backup I like Acronis True Image . Symantec messed this one up badly . A bitter disappointment .
 I had given up on Norton some time back but the recurring Office Max offer of System Works 2006 Free unfortunately lured me back into the fold . -LRB- ... -RRB- Sadly , you are better never trying to get the product free in the first place . It 's a disaster even at no charge . Just read accumulated reviews on the install nightmares and Norton 's historically intrusive approach which slows down not only the install but your entire computer to the point that sometime a reinstall of your operating system is the only way to set things right.Alternatives to consider
 I have used Norton since the word virus , was defined for computers . I owned Norton 2004 and decided that it was time to update since spyware and worms were giving me problems and I was downloading other software to fix it . I bought Norton Internet Security and Norton Systemworks 2006 for over $ 100 at a club discount price . From the start I had problems and did all the suggested problem solvers ; update , go online and check through their downloaded check software . Then I finally did the online chat with `` India '' ... with total failure . I finally got frustrated enough to get norton off my system , go through system restore to a point before Norton 2006 then installed PC-cillin 2006 . Good gosh ! ... -LRB- I 'll keep it clean -RRB- , this package found 27 viruses . I 'm not pushing this software at all , I did my research and picked this one ... I do n't care what else it is , the point is I felt completely safe behind nortons firewall and antivirus only to find the protection I bought was n't there . I try to buy the best product that will do what needs to be done . I wrote Symantec without results , so I will move on to other software compaies that do what they claim . This product creates more headaches and does not do its job . I 'll chime in with the rest of the negative reviews ... I 'm looking for a new laptop now , if Norton is preloaded at start up it will be deleted ... . if there was a 0 or negative star I would give it ... For a company with years of developing the same type of software , this is reflects glichy , poorly developed software of some startup company that did n't thoroughly test and released too soon . STAY CLEAR OF THIS ... Good bye Symantec , your competators are going to take over the market and I 'll be buying from them !
 I do online school , and I have my own laptop . I love my laptop , it is my baby . That is why , when I received a notice that my antivirus was almost expired , I made my mother buy me one ASAP . I had Norton , and had no problems with it , so I thought I 'd continue using that manufacturer . My mom bought Norton SystemWorks 2006 . Cool . Just so happens I am in the middle of an eight page research paper , and thought I 'd install the NSW before finishing it . I installed it like the instructions say . At the end of the first process , it stated I needed to restart it then it will reboot it or something . Whatever . I have a Lenovo 3000 C100 XP SP2 . I turned it on and was ready for the `` several minutes '' for it to finish the reboot . But , to my dismay , it would just got through the starting process , which , for a Lenovo SHOULD go like this
 Had this product for a year and the virus definition update subscription expired . So I click on renew and get to the purchase screen . They wanted to charge me $ 49.99 to renew for a year . STAY AWAY FROM THE NORTON MONEYPIT !!
 This product is not worth the packaging . They are playing games with last years product . I purchased the package and after installation the info screen displayed 2005 version . Symantec is giving me the run-a-round when I ask why . I had n't payed any attention to this until I had to re-install it after a crash . The new install kept telling me I only have 30 days left and would n't accept my legit key . I am disgusted with their product and support . Any recommendations to finding a better product will be appreciated .
 This is the bad software I ever bought from Norton/Symantec . I installed this software correctly but my system was crashed . I have to reinstall my Windows OS again and I lost my personal files that I can not recover . This is not a good to have . Also the customer Service is not good . I waited 3 hours to talk to a technical person still I can not get any help . This is vesy bad customer service I ever had in this country .
 I did n't have all of the problems that others are listing in installing Norton 's products . Most of those problems seem to be a result of not uninstalling previous antivirus software , which other companies will at least warn you to do first . Things are a bit slower with Norton on , but that 's probably a result of the work Norton is doing in the background . I decided to switch back to Norton because another software package I was using for internet protection would block safe emails and web sites that I could n't use my subscriptions to , when Norton would allow them.I 'm mostly just warning anyone who wants a product for internet and email security that this product does n't cover the whole scope ... you need to buy Norton 's Internet Security as well . I discovered this after I installed this product that it 's not really what I wanted and now I have to buy Internet Security on top of it , when I could have just bought Internet Security by itself . In the ` good old days ' you used to be able to get everything in one package instead of shelling out more and more of your money . Shop wisely .
 I have had Norton Systemworks for a couple of years and thought nothing of updating with 2006 . Never again ... My computer crashed and the Norton telephohe tech service was the worst . I ended up with my registry corrupted and the jerks on the phone claiming I had a virus and I needed to pay symantec $ 69.99 to remove it after I had already spent $ 55.00 for the product that destroyed my computer ! After 2 days of frustration with Norton , I finally gave up and called a tech recommended by our local computer club . He determined I had no virus and the software and or techs had corrupted the registry . I had to have a complete clean reinstall of everything . I was lucky to get a great tech to help put my computer back to working order.I have always used Norton anti virus products , but after this event I wo n't be any longer .
 I had previously given this product the benefit of the doubt along with 3 stars . After using it for a month or so , I 'm changing my mind and my review.SW 2006 is pretty much worthless . It slows down your computer as soon as you install it , and only gets worse as time goes on . It does n't prevent or detect spyware and adware as it says it does . It has detected one virus on my system and told me that it could n't do anything about it . In the last couple weeks , it has been freezing my entire system when I use the One Button Checkup . When I used their website to ask tech support why it makes everything run so slowly , I got an automated response saying that I 'd hear from someone in 48-72 hours . 8 days later , I got a semi-live response telling me to run Live Update . After telling them that the problem was more than that , I got another response saying that maybe I needed a better computer . After explaining that my computer is fine and excedes their requirements , I was sent a link where I could post complaints on their forum and was told that these forums were often read by management . I posted and have heard nothing . I have now asked for a refund on the product , but have heard nothing again for several days . Any other product that worked this poorly would be taken back to the store by anyone who bought it . Why should software be any different ? Do n't bother with Norton anymore .
 I purchased Norton Systemworks 2006 for a small biz owner I work for . Their anti-virus subscription expired and I 've had bad experience trying to `` renew '' online with Symantec so advised to simply replace 2005 with 2006 . I HATE IT . The software is designed to `` run in the background '' , continously monitoring your computer for suspicious content . While this SHOULD give a person peace of mind , it slows all the processes -LRB- including booting -RRB- down to a CRAWL . You can turn the auto feature `` off '' but only until you shut the system down . It comes back on the moment you reboot.While I want the `` Live Update '' for virus protection to function automatically , the rest of it is just a boat anchor on the wheel of progress . Unless someone can advise how to turn that feature off PERMANENTLY , I would advise against buying this product . -LRB- Time is money , in my book - this software wastes my productivity -RRB-
 I just purchased the Norton Systemworks 2006 for my PC . What a waste of money . I have always been a loyal Norton consumer , not anymore . It is a mess . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 but it still was n't great . Systemworks came bundled with my new Toshiba laptop and was free after approx . 14 rebates . I have used Norton Internet Security on other machines for several years with no problems , but I did n't pay enough attention to what Systemworks includes . All this disk management stuff that is supposed to `` help '' you and make your life `` easier . `` The install went well and without a hitch . But this program sticks its tentacles into every aspect of your computer and man did it slow the machine down ! Plus it kept finding things it wanted me to `` fix '' which were n't really broken . Finally the slowness got to me , I bit the bullet and bought NIS 2006 . Fortunately , unlike many of you , my un-install of Systemworks went without a hitch . Note that when you start to uninstall , it will ask you if instead you just want to turn parts of the program off . This is probably a more cost-effective option than buying new stuff , but it 's your call . The uninstall went easy but not quickly - as I mentioned , this stuff is like kudzu it gets everywhere and takes forever to rid.Installing NIS 2006 after the uninstall went just fine , of course that program has its own quirks and hot buttons but it seems to just worry about internet stuff and leaves the rest of the machine alone .
 This product failed to install and caused many errors on my XP computer . I had Systemworks 2005 which worked fine . But this new version causes other programs not to function and is impossible to install . Something is seriously wrong at Norton/Synmantec . I am still trying to get my other programs back so they run correctly . There is a section in the small manual that says `` if you get a blue screen and Windows fails to start . '' My experience is you will get the blue screen and you 'll have hours of trying to get things back to normal .
 I ca n't even comment on the actual System Works application because I never got it to run - it ruined my system right after install ! Once I installed it , it asked for a reboot , then came back wtih `` Load Error ! Press a key to reboot ... '' which just lead to the error message again , and again , and again.A chat with tech support -LRB- after an hour wait -RRB- revealed that there are problems with the GoBack files , so I had to create a bootable CD , and do all kind of things which I have n't been able to do yet since my burner software does n't have Image capability - necessary for creating this bootable cd.Don ' t buy it , do n't install it , do n't use it - uninstall everything Norton/Symantec and never go back . I 'll be lucky if I ever get my computer working again ... Thanks Symantec !!!!!
 I wish I had read the reviews of this product before I purchased . I had used Norton in the past and was fairly satisfied but had a horrible experience when installing system works on windows XP . Long story short - I had to remove all of the Norton software because my computer would not even start ! What a nightmare - after working with computer savvy friend , we figured out what the problem was - Norton software ! Once I was able to get my computer up and running again , I removed the software and now my computer runs like a dream.Plus - the user interface of software was not user-friendly . So many gizmo 's and gadgets that I did not what was going on . The software would be up dating things in the background - just out of control and overkill in my opinion.Definitely would agree with most of the reviews of this product in general . Thumbs down . .
 I spent three hours helping a friend uninstall norton systemworks . . He thought he could install this over norton nis2006 !! Wrong !! these programs arent compatible with each other . . Both have versions of noton anti-virus 2006 . !!! you cant run both ... They fought each other until he got a grey screen.Nothing worked !!! I had to perform a clean windows install , and installed norton 2005 antivirus and the 2005 norton firewall ... Now all is well ... ? we have to wait 15 days to see if the registration fails ... You install at your own risk ... Upgrading is not always better ... You be the judge of this .
 I installed Norton Systemworks 2006 on two systems . Both failed and I can not get it work on either . Avoid it . 2004 and 2005 were more stable .1 of them , for some reason deleted the hard disk partition . I lost everything in two partitions -LRB- images , music -RRB- . Still in middle of having someone recover what they can.Other one installed and then everytime the computer restarts , it opens Norton Systemworks at startup and locks up . Could do nothing but to uninstall to avoid the annoying lock up screen .
 I am kicking myself for not reading the reviews before buying this software . Honestly , I was a dedicated norton user . I had no trouble with systemworks 2004 and 2005 . So when the antivirus update license for systemworks 2005 expired , I did not think twice about buying the systemworks 2006 . I popped in the CD and my nightmare started . It tried to install for the first time , but failed . Then second time it asked me to uninstall systemworks2005 . After completely uninstalling 2005 , it still wont install . The main menu shows up and just sits there . The installer uses 100 % CPU and does not do anything.Customer service is pathetic . You have to wait in line for about an hour before someone answers . All they tell you to do is run the norton removal tool available on their website , remove windows registries for all symantec products , delete all files/folders related to symantec and reboot 100 times . Well , even then , the systemworks 2006 does not install . Can I go back to systemworks 2005 which I had before ... I try to do that ... and oops ... it doesnt install either ... WELL DONE SYMANTEC!Finally , the customer service tells me that it must be a virus on my computer and they need to charge me 60 bucks to tell me how to delete it . That is the worst practical joke I must have ever heard.So I backup my data and I finally install Sophos antivirus and it installs fine and a deep scan reveals no viruses on my computer ... So I lost a complete weekend , wasted 100 dollars , was frustated for 2 days ... Well , I will let you decide if YOU STILL WANT TO BUY this product .
 I 've been a Norton Systemworks user for over 5 years and have had little problem with the program . So I decided to upgrade to the 2006 version . Bigggggg mistake . As soon as the software was loaded , I immediately began having problems with my email system -LRB- you know , like actually receiving and sending them ! -RRB- . In doing some research , I found the best way to handle this was to disable Norton from having the ability to scan inbound and outbound emails -LRB- seems to defeat the purpose of the software , eh ? -RRB- . I did this which worked for awhile and all of a sudden I got these annoying pop up windows every couple of minutes telling me I needed to re-enable this feature -LRB- this apparently is a new feature in this year 's version called `` Protection Center '' that supposedly keeps constant watch over your system -RRB- . I tried to disable this annoying feature to no avail . Then it seemed to conflict with my Norton Internet Security -LRB- I have the 2005 version -RRB- and research showed that I should disable my Anti-Spam filter -LRB- again , what 's the point of having the software -RRB- . This seemed to get my email in gear again , but all of a sudden the pop up warnings came fast and furious . Not to mention that it took my computer forever now to load up , reboot or shutdown -LRB- I clocked 8 minutes to shutdown , generally takes 30 seconds -RRB- . So finally I decided to uninstall Systemworks and Internet Security . And guess what - no problems with email , my computer boots and shuts down quickly and no annoying pop ups -LRB- I 'm using Windows firewall and a well-known free virus software until I do some more research on the best products for my system -RRB- . For years I 've read complaints about Norton and I just did n't see it . Now I do . This is one product that 's time is well past .
 I purchased Norton SystemWorks 2006 from Amazon . The CD displayed the error message `` The wrong volume is in the drive . Please insert volume NSW2006 into drive E : '' The product package only came with one CD.This is an indication that I was sold a bad or incomplete CD disk . I tried to find the error/resolution on Symantec 's service website ; however without any luck . I called their 900-number and paid the service call only to have the technician tell me that I had to purchase a duplicate CD at a cost of $ 10.00 plus $ 9.95 s & h ; because they delivered a bad product.I have been a Norton customer since the early 1990 's . Even though they have a good product in SystemWorks , which I have purchased each year since it came out , sadly because of their lack of customer service I am no longer a customer of Symantec , and I have a 2006 version I can do nothing with .
 Norton System Works 2006 killed my computer BEFORE it began installing ! This is my story.My three year old computer running XP Pro needed a tune up after many years of loading kids games and downloaded demos . I suspected my windows registry was polluted and thought I could use a NSW to straighten it out without totally reloading my system.At first I turned to free demo programs like RegistryMechanic and BeClean . Both identified and removed problems , but after that new problems began to appear . When Windows started I would get two error sounds like something failed to load but I got no error message on what it was . Office XP would occasionally want me to insert the CD when I ran one of its programs . Finally , when the Petz 5 game was in use , I would randomly get a blue screen of death . But despite these problems my computer worked . Still I decided to get NSW 2006 before I loaded all the software Santa brought the kids.So I thought Norton System Works could identify and fix many of these problems . I put the cd in and entered its serial number . Before install , it perfromed some tests , including a virus scan . Finally it warned me that I must uninstall my old Norton Anti-Virus 2003 before it began the install . So I stopped the install so I could uninstall NAV . I found that all my icons had been replaced with the unknown program type box . When I tried to launch a program my computer responded with `` Unknown File Type . exe '' - I am not kidding . I tried to run `` cmd '' from the Start button and the computer could n't recogize that . After rebooting nothing changed so I tried to see if I could get NSW 2006 to start the install hoping that it would fix everything it had smashed but it failed too.Finally , I had to reload Windows XP and Office XP and all my other programs to get my computer running again . I installed System Works at the end and it is fails eveytime it tries to get the latest virus definitions . And to insult me further , it balks with a pop up about the old virus definitions for every email I get!In wished GoBack meant I could Go Back to the store where I bought this crud . They should relabel this package the Norton Virus 2006 .
 I installed Systemworks 2006 about ten days ago , and for ten days have been struggling with why my computer often takes several minutes to start up , and usually crashes on Shutdown . After wasting perhaps 12 hours scanning the Internet for solutions to Shutdown problems , and trying different fixes , I finally tried turning off GoBack . Voila ! So I figured I 'd go back to NSW 2005 . There my troubles began . Uninstalling 2006 and reinstalling 2005 crashed in the middle of GoBack installation , trashing parts of my Registry and numerous system files . Getting rid of the partly installed GoBack and getting the system running again -LRB- I have yet to completely restore the Registry -RRB- has so far taken me another six hours.Don ' t risk it . Do n't buy it . - David , in Gloucester , MA
 I installed Norton Systemworks 2006 , I enabled the feature GoBack , and the computer promptly crashed and burned . I could n't even get it started again . It seems ironic that a product which is supposed to help keep your computer running smoothly should wreak such havoc . Nothing I 've encountered before , no virus , no worm , no malevolent hacker , has ever caused me such severe damage as Norton Systemworks 2006 . I had to bring the computer to a repair place , and I 'm currently waiting to find out if the data I 've stored on the hard disk since my last backup can be resqued . A quick search on the internet shows that I 'm far from the only one being so unlucky . I 'm in awe of Symantec 's business savyness . Every virus writer tries to harm your computer , but Symantec must be one of the few who manages to make you pay for destroying yours .
 Wasted an evening trying to install on Windows XP . First , it interrupted , since I did n't uninstall 2003 version , skimpy documentation did n't highlight that . Then , after an hour it got almost to the end , it complained about excessive disk activity . There was no application running , but I had left screen saver on . Ok , no screen saver , no application , still , after another hour , error ! Had to reinstall 2003 version from CD , including another hours of updates for it .
 I installed this yesterday on my laptop and it crashed the entire thing . It worked fine on my desktop but I had to reload my laptop after the 2006 install . I suggest it you are going to buy this junk then make sure you have your whole computer backed up/imaged . Trust me , you will need to reinstall your compter .
 Could not get it to install properly on a relatively new computer . Could n't register the product , ca n't open the program when you click on the icon , ca n't uninstall using add/remove programs or the CD.Please , for your piece of mind , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . They have a great tech support website , problem is -- none of their solutions work . I 'm very disappointed with this product and with myself for spending nearly $ 70 . to purchase it .
 I have used Norton utilities and anti-virus programs for more than a decade . I tried to install Norton Systemworks 2006 on my IBM Thinkpad last night and wasted five hours trying to get the program to work . I had to reboot a half dozen times . Then it would not properly uninstall . It is as bad as the viruses and worms it is supposed to protect your computer from . Only in the computer business would a company sell a product so defective . Do n't waste your money .
 Any time you install a major program like Norton System Works it is always a good idea to create an image of your hard drive before installation.I installed NSW on my daughter 's laptop and it slowed the computer down to a crawl . Since I had created an image just prior to the installation , I was able to restore the drive to the state it was in before installing NSW . No more slowness !!! If there are any problems you can be back in business in about 30 minutes rather than 5-9 hours.Google drive image and take a look at the products available .
 I use a swappable hard drive for my C
 Installed this on my laptop and desktop computers . One installation was late in 2005 , the other was in 2nd quarter of 2006 . Both have tried to fail . The laptop will no longer do automatic updates . I can manually download and install the updates , but it is a bit of a hassle . The desktop will no longer download the Symantec updates at all . I attempted several uninstalls and reinstalls , wo n't do it . The only remedy is to take both computers to a computer shop and needlessly pay someone to fix the mess this junk software has made on both computers . Because of the problems , I 've run into several problems , mostly related to . cab files when I attempt downloads . I 've switched to AVG and Zone Alarm - both FREE and they work .
 I purchased and installed NSW because I thought I was being smart and safe with Norton product . I must have spent 50 hours trying to get this product to work on my 3.06 Ghz Dell Superspeed computer , and I finally gave up and demanded that they refund my purchase price . In the process of trying to get this product to work on my machine , I uninstalled and reinstalled it countless times . I also had to uninstall all other Symantec products , including ACT ! which I have used faithfully for more than 10 years ! Stay away from Norton Systemworks 2006 - it 's a failure , and the Tech support people are hopelessly unable to find any solutions .
 Having decided to upgrade from Systemworks 2004 to Systemworks 2006 , I download the installation file . During installation , the software indicated that I needed to uninstall Go-Back -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . So , using Add/Remove Programs , I tried to uninstall Go-Back . During the uninstall , the software corrupted my master boot record along with my partition . Net result-every file on my computer was lost . Every single one . Tech support was ... not very supportive . -LRB- `` We 're sorry . There 's nothing we can do . '' -RRB-
 I bought this software thinking it was a good deal in that it covers a lot of different subjects , but I found it to be poorly designed , all breadth and no depth . I think it would be worth it to buy software with a narrower focus but with more attention to detail . It is a chore to install all the different CDs . Some of the programs seem to have some glitches resulting in interrupted games . The age range says 6-12 , but my 9 y/o daughter found the characters corny and `` annoying '' ... the graphics are n't spectacular , game directions/navigation are not self-evident -LRB- How do I go back ? -RRB- Adjusting the levels is confusing and not always very accurate . The games are not very innovative , educationally either , `` What is 4 +4 ? '' says a dorky little British chap named Pipo , `` 8 '' you type , `` Good ! '' says Pipo , and on to the next problem . I do n't see much excitement in that . So far the only CD out of the package my daughter really enjoys is the `` World Dance '' game . I recommend shopping around for other products , especially for older , more computer-savvy kids .
 This product was okay , but not as interesting as I had hoped . After a short time exploring the product , my children pretty much abandoned it . It was not interesting to them , was not interactive enough and - I think - resembled boring school lessons to them .
 If there were a way to give this negative stars I would.If you are looking for an electronic babysitter with some educational value , this is the software for you . However , the interface is not intuitive ; the voice-overs sound forced ; the program is twitchy if you happen to `` leave '' the window during a demonstration or practice.They advertise 3 or more program levels per subject . I have yet to find anything of the sort . The printable worksheets are only useful if you have a printer immediately handy . They do not appear on the screen ever that I have seen . They can _ * only * _ be printed out.It 's rigid , restrictive and unforgiving .
 Purchased Quicken 2003 home & business converted MsMoney files over okay but after you close Quicken then open software back up it then reverts to Quicken 2003 Deluxe . Tried several different ways to get around problem . Also tried Intuit tech support but got nowhere . Am going to try MsMoney 2003 deluxe & business .
 Although all the previous reviews I 've read about Quicken 2003 have been right on the money about this version of the program , no one has offered any solutions ! After lots of research , I was able to get q03 to print from windows xp - open the printers folder , highlight your printer , right click and click on properties , click on the `` advanced '' tab on the top , click on `` print processor '' , choose `` winprint '' and `` raw '' and click ok until everything is closed . Doing this enabled me to finally print reports and statements . Hope it works for you .
 Where do I begin with all the issues I 've had.First , Quicken 2003 was unable to import my old Quicken 2002 files . It appears some data corruption was the cause . So I spent hours moving my data over manually . What a nightmare.Once I finally got to use Quicken 2003 , I was disappointed in the upgrade . Personally , I did n't see much difference from my 2002 version . I had really hoped that the new version would be a big leap in usability , as the promo material promised . But Quicken 2003 still suffers from an incredibly hard to learn and understand interface . I 'm really good with computers , but getting all my accounts to balance out just seems impossible -- and I 've spent days determined to figure it out.Then the fun began . First , I attempted to transfer my Quicken data into Turbotax to make my taxes quick and easy . BIG MISTAKE . For whatever reason , Quicken does n't transfer all the data you need to Turbotax . If you read the fine print buried in the help manual , it warns you about this . So when you go to do your taxes , it 's almost impossible to know which data transfers and which does n't . So you end up either entering data twice or not at all -- my taxes were off by over $ 800 using the automatic data transfer !! Eventually , I just gave up and entered all my data into TurboTax manually . So what started out as an effort to save time quickly became a huge WASTE of time.Then Quicken just stopped printing on me . I had to uninstall and reinstall the program several times to get it working again . I would have called technical support , but they CHARGE for technical support , even if the problem is a bug in their own program . I tried the online chat , but that 's was just awful . Halfway through , the tech support guy told me that I had to close Quicken ... which in turn closes the chat window ! So I had to start all over again . Nightmare!In the end , all these issues add up and make me believe that this program is not worth the money in any way , shape or form . I 'd save a lot more time just using an Excel spreadsheet .
 I have to agree that Intuit 's support is dreadful . I am a programmer , and I develop software for a company in Switzerland sort of similar to Quicken/Quickbooks . I felt that I had found a bug in Quicken 2002 when it corrupted my financial datafile.Now Intuit 's policy is to NOT charge you for support if you actually find a bug in their software . Thing is , I did find a bug in their software -LRB- this is what I do for a living -RRB- , but I spent most of my time arguing with the support rep that a corrupted datafile is most likely a bug in Quicken and not something I could cause as a user . In the end , his conclusion was that some other program on my computer must have damaged the datafile , and I should `` reinstall the software . `` I really did n't need their help to try this approach , and I certainly did n't need to pay for their advice . Intuit support is quite poor .
 I 've used various versions of Quicken for well over ten years , upgrading just about every year . Quicken 2003 is a huge dissapointment . I download transactions from my financial institutions and then reconcile the online balances . For some inexplicable reason I periodically get the error message `` The total of the previously cleared items in your register no longer matches with the ending balance of your prior statements . '' I very much suspect that Quicken 2003 has a bug in its reconciliation module and that this problem is not due to operator stupidity , as I never had this problem with past versions of the software . Technical support for the product is miserable .
 If you are looking for a software to help you with your personal finance - this is definitly NOT IT.Registration process required 7 phone calls to Support , because first 6 times i was disconnected . Chat support was very not helpful . After registration was completed and product started functioning ... i was hoping it would go back to simply not working . My fairly simple finance and bookkeeping process was now more complicated then ever . What used to take me 15 min every Friday now turned out to be hrs of just trying to figure out how to enter a transaction and why every time i enter amount i PAID on my credit card my checking account balance goes UP?Additionally , i do not want to be reminded about `` benefits of going online with Quicken '' every time i 'm trying to work with my bank online.All in all - if you never used any programs to do your finance - stick to paper , if you did - stick to what ever you used before.As a side note - if you are planning on using this to run your business - let me know , i 'll be there to buy it after quicken is done with it .
 Quicken 2003 Premier H&B is not a substantial improvement over the 2002 package . The 2003 release transforms the transaction database making compatibility with a prior release virtually impossible . Under 2003 , Intuit has chosen to make the desktop interface excessively busy and eliminated the default snapshot view of many usable resources -LRB- i.e. watchlist view , etc -RRB- . Performance-wise , the 2003 package is quite demanding of system resources and will introduce delay into transition among the various information management functions . Simple functions such as deletion of alerts invokes sluggishness and , in my experience , requires the user to exit Quicken in order to observe the requested `` delete '' action.This is the release to avoid .
 Last year Quicken Home and Business made a $ 12,000 error in the balance reports for my tax return . We found this error ourselves during an audit . When we requested a fix from Intuit , the reponse from The Office of the President at Intuit was , `` Sure it 's a bug , but Quicken is sold AS IS with NO WARRANTY . We do n't guarantee that our software does anything at all , so we 're under no obligation to do anything to help you . We will , however , give you a 5 % discount on the upgrade , which * might * fix the problem . '' -LRB- Yes , that 's 5 % , not 50 % -RRB- My recommendation
 Quicken 2003 often crashes complaining about lack of memory even though I have 128MB of RAM . When it does crash , it requires the machines to be rebooted . Intuit should fix their memory leaks . I have used previous versions of Quicken without such results .
 Too much stuff , most of which no one needs.Seems to try to get you to pay extra $ per month for Ebill pay , when all you 're signing up for is to download your banks data.I 've stopped using it . My bank 's on-line system works fine .
 I have been with Quicken since 3.0 . I have loved the software and have been a strong advocate for it . Now that I have upgraded to Quicken Premier 2003 , my attitude has complete changed . I have never seen such terribly written software before . This is purely pitiful.I have recently upgraded from Quicken 2000 Deluxe and I have had nothing but trouble . First of all , of course , it could n't convert my old data file . I had a ton of errors to sort through . Secondly , the interface constantly locks up on me -LRB- I am using XP -RRB- . Thirdly , the interface is so obscure , you will find yourself running in circles just trying to accomplish what used to take minutes . The help is pitiful . The support is even worse . The interface is absolutely retched , extremely slow -LRB- I am running at 1.3 GHz -RRB- and riddled with bugs . Intuit is no longer interested in making good software.I hate to sound so negative . I am not one who complains so much , but this software is more than a disappointment , it has been a complete waste of my time . Trust me , do n't buy it , do n't install it , and do n't use it . You will be very sorry . Even if you are given it for fee .
 If you 're running Windows XP , Quicken 2003 is n't for you . Yes , the interface has grown clunky -- the mark of software that 's piled on so many bells and whistles that it 's become morbidly obese . But what good is any financial software if you ca n't print reports ? With XP , you can not . Quicken 2003 simply crashes and closes when you hit the print command . `` Windows XP is bad at processing 16-bit printing , '' a Quicken service rep told me today . His advice ? Remove the latest and greatest HP printer drivers and install drivers for Windows 98 . Of course , full-featured printing will suffer with most every other application on my computer , and XP poses serious obstacles to such a ploy since Win98 drivers are not certified for XP , but Intuit offers no other solution.When I pointed out that I run a lot programs and that only Quicken wo n't print in XP , my exasperated tech rep sighed , `` I know , I hear that a lot . '' Publicly , Intuit is clearly in denial . There 's not a clue about XP printing problems to be found on Quicken 's support site.It 's sad , really . Intuit once brought personal and business accounting into its full glory on the PC platform , but they 've stumbled and fallen flat today . ... Unless you 're one of the few still running Windows 98 , forget this retro dinosaur .
 As a software engineer , I am shocked at the low level of help documentation with Quicken for Home and Business . There should be What 's This Help on every object in every screen . There is none.There should be context sensitive help on every screen . In many places , pressing F1 merely opens the help file to the last place the user was viewing . This is frustrating to the user , who was obviously not able to find the answer during the last attempt to find help.Register Report Printing
 I am very disappointed in this release of Quicken . This is my 3rd version , upgrading from Deluxe 2001 . It 's in all probability my last . I 've encountered print problems with both 2001 and 2003 -LRB- different OS , different printers -RRB- . Was finally able to resolve printing issue in v. 2001 with update they released . Not so with 2003 . I have the latest update -LRB- R3 -RRB- running XP Pro . Intuit Support is sketchy at best and I refuse to pay for it . -LRB- First and last time I spoke to them , regarding the 2001 printing issue , the response I got was `` Well , you had two months to try the product and if you did n't like it you could have returned it under our money back guarantee . Now it 's too late . '' -RRB- I have searched Intuit Support and the web and can not find a fix for the printing issue . In order to print a Reconciliation Report , I have to save in Notepad in . TXT format , then print from there . The layout in Notepad is horrible and going through several steps to print is a royal pain.The program 's interface is bloated and busy to the point of being annoying . I do n't bank online , yet every time I launch the program I 'm prompted for Quicken to be the default Web Connection for data from my financial institution . Does n't seem to be a way to turn this prompt off.I just want to work on my finances , I do n't want or appreciate their constant ads on the main page for everything from their credit card to Quicken Brokerage online.I also have M$ Money 2003 Deluxe , and would use that soley were it not for the fact that there is no means to assign passwords to individual files/accounts and the . NET passport tie-in . Since I handle other family members finances as well , I must be able to assign passwords , hence my choice of Quicken.The program has great capabilities , but all in all I 'm extrememly disappointed in it 's performance .
 I have used Quicken since the 80 's , and CheckFree since 1989 . I 've upgraded every year . I bought Quicken 2003 Home and Business the day it was available for sale . Big Mistake ! It did not support CheckFree Bill Pay . I have maybe 100 payees , built up over the years . The Payee List was gone and CheckFree was not a payment option . Eventually , Intuit said that it posted a patch on it 's website , but it did n't work for me ! I signed up for Quicken Bill Pay , which is really CheckFree in disquise , because CheckFree said they had heard that if you converted to QBP in the 2002 version , then the Payees would transfer to Q2003 . After many calls , waiting for Quicken Bill Pay to send me a password , I finally made the switch , retained my Payees , and then found that the software would not connect to Quicken Bill Pay !! Plus , you have to pay the phone call for Quicken Bill Pay support -LRB- an hour on the phone did n't solve it -RRB- where it used to be an 800 # . The Q2003 interface is n't any great improvement either -- hard to find the things that used to be conveniently located on the side ! ...
 This company wants you to call a 900 number or provide a credit card for billing for even answering questions about their software . Does that sound like a company you want to deal with ? If you find this too hard to believe just call with a technical question and see what happens .
 I do n't know how Quicken ever became the leading personal finance program with a program this hard to understand and with clear bugs -LRB- atleast on Windows XP -RRB- . I 'm GREAT with computers , but this program constantly stumps me with an interface that is FAR from intuitive.What 's worse , I suddenly experienced a serious bug in the program that wiped out my customer list ! Quicken does NOT OFFER ANY FREE SUPPORT , EVEN IN SITUATIONS WHERE THERE IS A BUG IN THE PROGRAM . And the online chat support was a disaster . In order to follow the support persons instructions , it closes the chat window and you have to start from scratch . Huh ? AWFUL !! Quicken should be ashamed and people should stop buying the product .
 I 've used Quicken along with CheckFree to pay bills for ten years . It has been an OK method to pay bills and schedule payments , and there is some limited but useful categorizing and reporting capability . There have been no significant new features for several years -- just pointless cosmetic and not very helpful changes in the user interface . I do n't need a package like this to manage my brokerage account ; my broker has a better one.This year I was forced to accept a `` free '' upgrade to receive the `` exciting new features '' with Quicken Bill Pay , which is operated by CheckFree . They really wanted to force me to use an Internet connection rather than an 800 number so they could save money . Some of the features in the `` free '' upgrade must be `` unlocked '' for a fee.The transition was a nightmare and required several calls to what turned out to be CheckFree tech support.By the way , do n't forget to get on the Net before you use this package . If you are n't logged on and attempt to do anything signficant , it will crash and you will have to reboot . At least I have XP . I shudder to think what would happen with earlier versions of Windows.The user interface is significantly worse . The 2001 and earlier versions were relatively simple minded . Good . I want to pay bills , not play mystery games with the software . This thing has numerous bugs and requires ten steps to do what could be done in a keystroke in older versions . Some things , such as changing the dollar amount of a periodic payment , can no longer be done . They now require you to completely delete the old name and address and re-enter the entire thing . You ca n't use this for mortgage payments with an escrow account.At one time you could set up a recurring payment and it just appeared on schedule in the check register . Now you are required to download it from the Net and `` approve '' it . This is a complete waste of time . Not only that , you 'd better `` match '' these payments with ones in your register . Otherwise you will have the same payment duplicated in the register.Every time I open the software it demands that I register the product , demands I also register for its web site , and demands that I download my account data from my bank -LRB- horror -RRB- , which does not support this software . These demands continue even after I gave up and registered a name.I manage software projects and I would be embarrassed to put out things like this . I have never tried Money so I ca n't say if it is any better . But this is terrible .
 I should have bought Money 2003 in the first place . This `` redesign '' is a joke . The interface is pretty but doing almost anything takes twice the number of mouse clicks as did Quicken 2002 . The `` improvement '' the customer will notice right away is that large Ads have been placed within some of the windows . And there is no way to turn the Ads off in the options menu . I was so disgusted with paying money to get a product that spammed me that I went out and bought Money 2003 Deluxe . Big improvement !! Money 2003 also has spamming ads but they can be turned off in the options menu . The program does everything Quicken 2003 does and has a more attractive interface .
 After being an avid Quicken Deluxe and TurboTax user and annually upgrading since 1995 , I have decided to switch to Microsoft Money Deluxe . Although I dreaded the possible work involved in importing and massaging my data to work with Microsoft Money Deluxe 2003 , it took less than an hour to set up all my online accounts and portfolio . My only regret is that I did n't switch to Microsoft Money and Taxcut years earlier.My decision to switch was based on a number of reasons .1 . -RRB- I found it increasingly difficult to manage my portfolio over the last several editions of Quicken Deluxe . Namely , I found that my 401 -LRB- k -RRB- and investment accounts did not accurately track my cost basis when I sold a fund and bought a new one . Every month my broker 's monthly return and my Quicken returns did not match . I bought books on Quicken 2002 and never found any information in them or on your website to address these problems . My father , whom I introduced to Quicken in 1997 , found the same frustrations .2 . -RRB- TurboTax , Which Quicken Deluxe imports into -LRB- somewhat -RRB- , is overpriced compared to other tax software , such as TaxCut and since my wife was working in another state , I always resented the fact of having to buy 2 separate State tax software packages on top of the already expensive Federal TurboTax . I believe that this past year it would have actually been cheaper to have an accountant prepare my taxes than what I spent on your tax software .3 . -RRB- Because of some other deficiencies I found in Quicken , specifically the lack of printable Monthly status reports , report formatting during printing , and others , I registered 3 times for Beta Testing between August , 2001 and August 2002 in order to provide Intuit with feedback to help them improve their product since I use it on a daily basis and am quite familiar with it . I was never contacted to join the beta team or even to provide any feedback ! 4 . -RRB- There was not a trial version of Quicken 2003 available , or even a screen shot on their website ! I never got any advanced mailings that gave a list of new features . When it was finally released earlier this month there still was no trial version . Microsoft however provides not only a 60 day Money Deluxe trial version , but much more product information on their website . After I downloaded the MS trial version I knew I was going to switch to MS Money and I went out and bought Money Deluxe 2003 the same day . I plan on canceling my Quicken Visa card and registering for a MSN card .5 . -RRB- Quicken Premier seems like a ploy to strip out tax features available in Quicken Deluxe 2002 and sell them for yet another premium price.If I were a betting man , I would put my money on many other loyal Quicken users making the jump to MS Money this year .
 The porfolio analyzer tool uses ` asset class ' data that Quicken downloads . However , in my case , I found that the it was downloading inaccurate . I called tech support , who was able to recreate the problem exactly , and confirmed my findings.We compared the ` asset class ' data downloaded into Quicken Premiere , with the ` asset class ' data found on quicken.com and found them to be miles apart . The tech support individual told me that Quicken does not download the data from quicken.com , but from another source -LRB- he did n't say which , but take that statement as you will -RRB- . What he did say is ` what you see is what you get . ' I asked when it would be fixed , and he said there would be no way to ever find out -LRB- except to repeatedly try the function until I see that it works properly -RRB- . I have no idea how long this problem has existed , but it is frightening to think that people could be making signficant financial decisions based on Quicken 's ` portfolio analyzer ' which is using some inaccurate data .
 I have been a Quicken user for many years , and have never seen a product as unstable as Quicken 2003 . Bank accounts that were solidly in balance somehow becomes `` out-of-balance '' and Quicken forces me to put an adjustment entry that is not needed . This then forces it out of balance , although Quicken says it is balanced . Huh ? Also , the Backup utility somehow stopped working and stopped allowing me to create a backup file . I get all sorts of errors now . Maybe the other reviewers are right . I probably should switch to MS Money . Arrrgh !
 If you REALLY want to upgrade to this version , you might want to wait until the on-line reviews calm down . I upgraded awhile ago and have to agree with the complaints that :1 . It hogs memory and theefore crashes or freezes lots -LRB- and I have LOTS of memory -RRB- .2 . It is buggy .3 . It has this wierd registration thing .4 . You WILL spend quite a bit of time trying to figure it out.I am not impressed . If you still want to upgrade , at least think about waiting awhile until it gets a few fixes in it .
 I have used Quicken for years and dutifully upgraded each time one came out . Premier 2003 is so horrible I can not believe I 'm stuck with it . It will not let you pay bills online using two checking accounts and the payee list . Instead you can either pay bills strictly from one account or use the payee line to try to fish up the right payee so a PacBell bill could go to the right place if you only have one phone number but if you have more than one then you 're just hoping you got the account number right . There online help is a joke , there is n't any no matter what they say . When I finally got through to the company after a lengthy telephone tree they told me they knew there was a problem but that is why I had to use the `` get around method '' which I described above . They had no idea if or when it would be fixed . And you can not revert back to your previous version because the software wo n't let you . Then a couple of months later my payments stopped showing up where my register said they went and had cleared my bank . Today after writing several letter to the online site with no response , I again got through the telephone tree only to be told that I could either use the `` get around method '' or pay them a dollar ninety a minute to open me a `` case '' even though they again said it is a problem with their software . I give . Now I 'm going to see if I can get MicroSoft Money to import my data and never buy another product from Intuit in this lifetime or the next .
 I have had Quicken for 15 years and just upgraded to 2003 version . I have had nothing but problems with it . I just purchased a new computer and have tried to backup my quicken files on a floppy and a cd without any success . Though my original backup is there , I have tried to transfer and copy thedata without any success . It will not allow me to get that infomation . I have lost precious time in what used to be a simple procedure . There is no helpful technical support . I do not recommend this version at all and as soon as I can get out of it , I will go back to an earlier version .
 I have been a Quicken user for many years . Since I upgraded to Quicken 2003 Premier , I have had nothing but problems . Very unstable ! Crashes my computer ! Screens freeze ! Do NOT upgrade to 2003 .
 I 've spent the last three evenings trying to get accounts properly set-up . I 've had a horrendous time importing my brokerage data even though it download all of it from my broker . It does n't create reports , tells me the data for my stocks are unavailable because the symbol is wrong yet , though the symbol is corrected , it remembers the incorrect one ! Nothing to do but delete and re-enter . I 've already uninstalled and re-installed the program twice because it does n't completely erase transactions that are incorrectly entered . Further it does n't integrate my paychecks properly . After entering year-to-date information and latest paychecks it determined I 've earned $ -342 . from my job ! I know I 'm not paid nearly what I 'm worth but jeez ... . It came to this conclusion DESPITE the fact that I cross-checked each entered paycheck and they were entered correctly . And heaven forbid you 're a wage earner with different statements every 2 weeks , Quicken likes to assume all your paychecks will be the same . Your company changes its pay schedule ? You 're screwed . It will demand a statement on dates which are no longer valid . Have a taxable benefit from your company that is n't listed in your pay ? No way to enter it!It does n't import TurboTax 2002 data either!This has been a terrible disappointment . For what I paid , $ $ . I feel I 've been completely ripped-off . The online help is a joke . I hope MS Money is better than this .
 Buying this software was the worst financial decision I have ever made . My accounts are so messed up by now that I 'm on the verge of starting over , thus losing nearly ten years of historical data . With Quicken 2000 my account balances were reconciled to the absolute penny . I always knew where my finances , but now I do n't trust anything I see.I wish I 'd never laid eyes on this software .
 As a previous user of quicken basic and quickbooks , Premier version has just added lots of additional , unnessary and irritating options . Advertising for more of quickens features are displayed on every menu , screen and report/graph . Quicken basic has all the good fundamentals for the average guy or small business even , and if someone outgrows basic move right to Quickbooks Pro . Forget about messing with these useless features that add no value just cost .
 I 've tried to download the software and was unsuccessful despite efforts by the phone-tech . She recommended that I buy the disk . The disk wo n't load either and returns an Error message of `` 1608 : Can not create Istalldriver instance , Return Code 2147467262 ''
 This is the worst program I have ever had the displeasure to use . Intuit has sucked in longtime customers who must continue to use its terrible products because of months of entering transaction data . Even after 4 released updates , the program crashes constantly , ca n't do any of the basic reporting and graphing the PC version does without wildly inaccurate results or crashing . An absolutely terrible product . Avoid at all costs . I may even succomb to going over the Microsoft Money darkside after my experience with this product .
 While the promise of this software is great , the reality is unfortunate , at least for me ... It does some things very , very well - such as download & categorize bank & visa transactions ... It unfortunately lacks functionality & features in other areas that they appear to market the software for , particularly in the investment area ... features I 'd liek to see : - foreign exchange for investments -LRB- stick to your local $ only ! -RRB- - non-proprietary import/export formats - easy , accurate cross platform data exchange - H+B option -LRB- also hurts import/export across platforms -RRB- - adjusted cost base reporting for canadian investments -LRB- or why bother !? -RRB- - tax categorization for canadians -LRB- should be an easy graft from the pc version -RRB- - fewer flaws -LRB- not just ` bugs ' -RRB- in some feature executions - eliminate ` sunset ' -LRB- terminating -RRB- download capability & ` planned obsolescence ' - similar PC/Mac interfacesmany more advanced & better features seem to exist in the pc version & while neither seems truly intuitive , I can only suggest that aligning the two platforms -LRB- and offering an H+B mac version -RRB- might help generate the sales that would justify the R+D ... Chicken or egg question ? Absolutely ! You ca n't expect sales if the software does n't work or is misrepresented in the marketing !
 You just can not trust your finances to this program . Bugs pop up everywhere , for example transactions get randomly deleted . Intuit has no competition for the Mac and thus they put absolutely no effort into developing a decent program . Sure there are other basic money management programs out there but nothing with the features of Quicken -LRB- at least the ones that work -RRB- that anyone with loans , investments etc. . . need . I was a beta tester for them in the past but would not waste my time doing it again .
 Nothing has been as frustrating as Quicken for Mac . Since switching to the MAC from a PC I have copied all of my mail , documents , and a multitude of other critical pieces with no trouble . But Quicken is a different story . Obscure error messages importing OFX format files from Citibank . Freezing , requiring a Force Quit . No response at all to imports of QIF files . Some worked and some did not . There was no clear pattern . One of the error messages I did get was not documented on Intuit 's support pages despite being reported by many people on Google and other places over a year ago . And of course those people never received a response from Intuit on the Google Groups . I know you might be desperate but believe me the answer is not in Quicken for the Mac . I never thought I would cheering the day that Microsoft would write an application for the Mac OS , but come on Bill give us Money .
 The new 2003 interface may be `` better '' but it definitely has more bugs than the 2002 version . Many more crashes , entries disappear after acceptance , scroll bars jump all over the place when switching between accounts . I 'm going back to 2002 until a service pack is released .
 After using Microsoft Money on PCs for many years , I decided to purchase a Mac . Since Money does n't come in a Mac version , I decided to give quicken a try . I 've been using it for about a month now and I get more discouraged by the day.I have windows close unexpectedly , I 'm unable to create certain entries , even when following the manual , and the on-screen help is useless . Performing a search for a topic will bring up a large variety of random help topics , few if any have anything to do with your search entry.Oh , and the entries in the manual sometimes do not actually reflect the steps you must take to complete an action . For example , if you are directed to select an option from a toolbar drop-down screen , that option might not actually be located there , but exists on another toolbar.Web help is no better than on-screen help . And customer support is structured to make sure that it is not used . If you ca n't find what you need by searching the support database , you can either use the online support chat feature that is only available W-F , 7AM to 4 PM PST , or pay by the minute for phone support . By the way , do n't try using chat unless you have a lot of time to kill because you might never actually get connected to a customer support person . The option to e-mail a support engineer is not available.Planning tools in Quicken are inferior to MS Money . You do n't have near as many options to categorize your expenses , and I 'll be damned if I can figure out how Quicken will help me come tax time . It does n't even let you configure your paycheck deductions as pre-tax and after-tax . I think I 'm going to sell my Mac and buy a PC so I can use MS Money again . Too bad Quicken is n't working out .
 I have been using Quicken 2000 Deluxe for years on a PC and recently switched to the Mac . Before this , I loved Quicken and I 'm great at using it . After hours of trying to get my account balances to match up after moving them over , I give up . Whats more , in the Mac version there is no easy screen to give you a synopsis of everything going on in Quicken like there is in the PC version . Even more of a travesty is that Quicken 2003 for the Mac does not know what a 401 -LRB- k -RRB- account is . There are no wizards to help set up a 401k account , much less to update one , so if you want to keep your 401k accounts current , you may have to take a class on manual 401k entries . I 'm so frustrated by this product that I have decided to actually keep my PC solely to run Quicken 2000 . One more thing - in the Mac the font sizes are so small you need special glasses to read your data . If you are currently using Quicken on the PC and want to switch to it on the Mac , you 'll be disappointed . I wish I would have known this before I bought the software .
 I 'm extremely disappointed with Quicken 2003 for the Macintosh and , judging by the other negative Amazon reviews , I 'm not alone . I 've been a Quicken user -LRB- both Mac and PC -RRB- since 1993 and I 've evangelized it to friends , family and coworkers . Unfortunately , the latest Mac versions seem to be getting worse with each release.Specific issues in 2003 that are giving me problems : - Inability to download account data with multiple customer IDs - Inability to use Web connect with Citibank -LRB- despite indication on the Intuit website to the contrary -RRB- - Overall sluggishness and instabilityI 'm running R4 -LRB- the latest patch -RRB- , but there seem to be fundamental flaws or limitations that keep the Mac version from acheiving functional parity with Windows . My experience with this version is contrary to the vast majority of all Macintosh applications -LRB- i.e. , they just work like they should , letting you focus the the task you 're trying to complete -RRB-
 I got Quicken 2003 for Mac because I am tired of transscribing brokerage data by hand into my spreadsheet and I was looking forward to download data directly on line . But wait . . you have to set up your portfolio history first if you want to get accurate cost data.When moving securities into the investment account , you do n't get a chance to specify if this is a stock , mutual fund , or bond.You have to do this by editing later.The manual , in PDF format , is too small to fill a page for printing and that 's the only manual you get . To get help on line you have to have an on-line `` chat '' with a tech . it turned out to be very frustrating
 I 've been using Quicken for Mac since it 's first version many years ago thinking that with each upgrade the bugs would be fixed , I ca n't do it any longer , I 've lost too many recorded transactions especially in split transactions . I 've complained to Intuit about this for years , but ca n't get past the untrained phone support . Does anyone know of an alternative ? I 'd be willing to pay 4 times more just for the satisfaction of knowing my banking data is safely recorded . What good is a banking program that loses transactions , what do I tell the IRS ?
 I switched from Windows -LRB- XP -RRB- to Mac OS X. Everything is better on the Mac , save Quicken . I used Quicken 2001 on my PC , so I expected Quicken 2003 for Macs to be an improvement . Wrong.Quicken 2003 does n't allow for as much customization of views as the PC version of two years earlier . Also , there 's no home inventory , which Quicken 2001 for my PC had . Most importantly , I am ca n't upload my portfolio and balances to Quicken 's website , which is one of the features I used to use the most . I had been in contact with a tech at Intuit 's support group , but he eventually stopped responding to my e-mails . It does n't crash on me regularly , but it does occur more often than with any of my other programs.Two years down the road and the software is worse . Unfortunately , everything I 've read about 2004 actually makes it sound worse ! Too bad there are no other options - a little compeition might force Intuit to actually improve its product .
 This is my first Amazon review , but I just had to chime in with others who have used Quicken for 10 + years now because I am so frustrated with this version . My entire financial life is in Quicken Mac , and I am SO unhappy that I upgraded to 2003 . My 12MB file with the last 10 + years of my life -LRB- loans , investments , credit cards , rental properties , etc. -- probably one of the larger Quicken files around -RRB- is at risk . You ca n't go back once you upgrade . Save yourself the aggravation , and wait for something better than 2003 , unless you really do n't mind starting over from scratch if things get hosed.I have a G4 and a PC . The two primary things I still do -LRB- only -RRB- on the Mac are Quicken and iPhoto , and I feel locked-in to both programs . However , I 'm * very * seriously considering dumping Quicken 2003 for Mac and moving to the Quicken for Windows . I * never * thought I 'd ever do that , but this version of Quicken continues to annoy me every time I use it . Worse , it is starting to make me question the validity of my data.It crashes doing simple QuickReports -LRB- inexcusable -RRB- , there are countless UI bugs like when hopping from one transaction to another or scrolling , there 's no way to see the list of downloaded transactions once you 've reconciled -LRB- as there was in previous versions -RRB- , and loading my United Mileage Plus credit card transactions is more painful than ever as of Q2003
 I have been using Quicken for Mac for the past 10 years . Early on it was a very solid , useful program . Unfortunatly , each release is more buggy than the last . Naive as I am , I would keep upgrading in the hope that the new version will somehow be stable , and will have taken care of bugs identified in previous versions . This time I upgraded to get Mac OS 10 native support . With the release of Quicken 2003 it is now clear that these folks just do n't care . The program crashes several times during each use . It will crash if you try to change account information from within the expense entry form of the calendar . It will claim to not be able to find the account . Post crash you will see that it did know the account and did make the change . Many reports do not paint on the screen fully , chopping off about an inch down the report . The loan function does not work at all with Quicken randomly reassigning loan values from one loan to another . Sometimes when the program crashes it is unable to reopen the data file . You are then forced to work from an old back-up . Do n't try to open a Quick Report if you already have one open -- it 'll cause the program to crash . They recently released a R4 patch for the program . Naive that I am I downloaded and added the patch last night hoping against all hope that some bugs would be fixed . Nope -- Now instead of taking 2 seconds to load on a G4 , it takes 115 seconds to load while the harddrive goes crazy . When you are sitting in front of a computer monitor waiting to get to work -- 115 seconds can seem like an eternity . I will never buy another Intuit product . I do n't expect perfect , bugs happen , but I do expect that software would not be released with known bugs . There is no way I can concieve of the Quicken team not knowing about the many bugs in this product . . and then selling it to you anyway .
 When Quicken first came out , it was simple , straightforward and rock solid . Over the years it has become more and more of everything except simple and rock solid . This is now a beast which rears its ugly head at all the worst moments.If it has not crashed on you yet , it will one day . So what ? Every application crashes once in a while , you say ? Perhaps . But Quicken has a magical ability to take a crash and turn it into corrupted data . Once the data file has a little corruption in it everything just gets worse and worse . Crashes come more frequently and then suddenly a checking or credit card account tells you it is `` out of balance '' and a prior period needs to be re-reconciled . Ok , but when you try to do this it either will not let you or it appears in every way to be correct , but insists it is not . At that point the only way out involves significant reentry of data OR an expensive submission of your file to Intuit tech support for `` cleaning . '' To top it all off , your confidence in your data is shaken badly . All you can think of is the possibility of ever needing to `` redo the work again '' another time.I love the Quicken I remember , and this product probably still is that good until things go wrong . Once wronged , however , it is more than torturous to recover from.If you proceed , and you probably will because Intuit has a virtual lock on the personal finance market , you must be careful to back up after EVERY session . Even more critical is the need to return to the last clean backup immediately IF your file EVER crashes . Do NOT ever continue to use a crashed file or you will be very sorry . Very sorry.The truly disheartening fact is Intuit continues to sell us an application containing the same bugs in version after version . They add a handful of features each year to tempt us to part with another chunk of change , but we keep seeing the same pimples and quirks carried forward . Many of us update our copy each year not to get any new features , but in the hopes they actually fixed our least favorite bug . All too often they have not , but we keep hoping .
 I 've been using Quicken since it was invented -LRB- cir . 1988 -RRB- - and version 1.0 that ran on my 8088 PC was better than this one . Not only were my files scrambled beyond repair when converting from Q-99 , but electronic bill pay was totally scrambled . Intuit 's help line was a little use - though they did n't charge me their hourly rate.To make matters worse , once you start using ' 03 , with Wells Fargo bank , I was * unable * to revert back to the old version . You 're stuck!Intuit came out with a patch , but it still does n't fix irritating bugs like windows being resized and moved on each startup , and the `` customize reports '' pane is chopped off halfway -LRB- I 'm serious - this is a glaring bug ! -RRB- . I 'm w-a-y dissapointed in Intuit that they 'd release such a buggy piece of software .
 I rate Quicken 2003/Mac lower than 1 . I 've used Quicken for PC since 1993 and conversion was a nightmare .1 -RRB- I had to try many times to get exported QIFs of more than 0-40 KB . Restored back-up files worked better .2 -RRB- First conversion deleted all my checking , cash , and credit card amounts and dumped stock transactions into my checking account . When I complained to Quicken HELP , they offered to convert my files at $ 150 each .3 -RRB- Investment prices were WILDLY off by plus or minus millions .4 -RRB- Instructions for entering prices said `` in Portfolio , type the date , enter the price , and Record . '' However if I typed , for example , 12/31/99 and entered the correct price , it recorded as of the current date -LRB- ex . -RRB- 10/15/02 . Website and help materials do n't mention entering prices under DETAILS . Further , if I typed in a past date , it still showed my portfolio as of Today . I had to click-click-click the calendar beside the date field .5 -RRB- I started hand-entering investment prices for each year , 1993-2002 and discovered prices from 1993 or 2002 for stocks I 'd owned 95-98 . If the dates were correct , the prices had no relation whatsoever to reality .6 -RRB- I 'd get a Mac file corrected one day , but when I re-opened it , all my work was undone . Prices I 'd laboriously entered for Stock A appeared under stock D. I 'd re-enter correct information , only to have different errors show up . This went on for nearly a month .7 -RRB- If a security had changed name , I could n't change or delete either name . I had investments where the stock was under 1 name ; prices another and the Accounts list came up blank . It would have required establishing a 3rd file and hand-entering each transaction .8 -RRB- When I called Quicken Helpline to report problems , I was told I was doing it wrong or there was a wrong transaction . I cross-checked every transaction , Windows - Mac , and they were identical , but the totals were different.If I could find an alternative to Quicken 2003/Mac I 'd jump for it .
 My wife and I have used Quicken for Windows for the past 7 years . We recently switched to Mac OS X , and we were thrilled that Quicken 2003 was pre-installed . Mac OS X is fabulous , but this program has been a nightmare . It is slow , locks up the entire system -LRB- which is hard to do with Mac OS X -RRB- and VERY buggy . The interface is much less intuitive -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- than Quicken for Windows . It also lacks some of the features that we took for granted because they had been in Quicken for Windows for years . Avoid this program at all costs -- we 're plugging our PC back in so we can start using Quicken for Windows again .
 Intuit claimed that her `` Quicken 2003 for Mac '' can serve as my financial organizer . I believed and acquired it . But what happened was the unexpected . The software worked fine for a couple of months and then went haywire ! It is disorganizing my data now . My figures joggle up and down , day and night . I have made all sorts of adjustments without any relief . All other software -LRB- and hardware -RRB- on my system have no problems . I have n't seen anything like this!Had it been that I did n't keep my data protecting passwords secret , I would have suspected people of messing around with my stuff . I 'm just tired of correcting all my old data each time I add a new one . Intuit has not been of great help . It 's time to fire this ` Chicken ' , sorry , I mean `` Quicken '' . The two stars I scored it is just because it served me well for the first seven weeks
 I 've been using 2000 for Mac since it came out and was very happy with it . Since upgrading to 2003 , I 've had nothing but trouble . Downloading transactions is a nightmare with constant freezes . There are phantom transactions that do n't match anything and then disappear . Select one transaction and you ca n't unselect it . Select one transaction and you frequently have only the option of accepting all not just the one highlighted . Matches that read exactly the same in the downloads and register are not marked as matches so if you accept , you have a double entry . Opening and closing the window does n't help . Restart the program and your downloaded transactions look the same but the balance in your register is suddenly doubled ! I want to go back to 2000 , but now that wo n't version connect to my bank . DO NOT GET 2003 FOR MAC !
 FIRST POINT and VERY IMPORTANT
 After using Quicken for 8 or so years , I 'm sorry to say that buying Quicken 2003 is buying aggravation if you want to do anything besides basic addition and subtraction.The manual ? It stinks.Online help ? It stinks.Chat help ? Not on weekends or evenings after 7:00 . Telephone support ? ... not available evenings after 7:00 or weekends.I 've wasted way too much time trying to get online accounts to run , etc. . I 'm very disappointed . Once upon a time I respected Intuit , but no more . It seems most of the product now is geared to get you to put stock trading information into Quicken 's system ...
 I guess I am just too dumb , but I did not find Quicken easy to use . The help menu is useless . The screens are hard to understand and the menu names do not make sense.I used to use an Excel spreadsheet and I think I will just go back to this .
 I 've used Quicken 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , and now 2003 . This is by far the worst version of those 4 . The UI is even more cluttered than before and it 's more difficult to find stuff than in 2002 . I then take a look at my investment portfolio and it freezes - turns out Quicken is using up 533Mb of memory and busily swapping away . It now requires registration to use the online update feature , which is annoying , but okay , I do it so I can patch the software . I got the latest patch -LRB- release 3 -RRB- - still 533Mb used . I 've never had a memory problem with any previous versions of Quicken . I go online to check if others are having the same problem as I , and it turns out many other users do -LRB- see reviews of Quicken Deluxe here and cnet -RRB- . The box says 32Mb minimum - hah ! I doubt anyone could seriously use it for long in just 32Mb . Intuit 's support site does n't give any indication of this problem - that gives you an idea of their level of product knowledge . Because of this memory problem , I 've went back to using 2002 .
 Whoever designed this upgrade must have been a cartoonist . It 's terrible . Gone are the easy to read full screens , lists , reports ... Everything has a help section on the side , the bottom , etc. . . So the data you 're looking for has a smaller screen to display on . Quicken ads and Quicken services bully themselves everywhere ... If there is a way to take my data back to the 2002 format , please let me know
 I 've had it ! After using Quicken for how-many years , watching it become more bloated , less functional , more frilly , I 'm outa here . NO e-mail support , web `` support '' that 's plain unsupportive , phone support at $ 60/hr -LRB- I did n't try THAT -RRB- -- all set against plenty of problems that call for support . Cluttered , non-standard interface ; frightful report writer ; other features that who needs ? My copy is headed for the bit bucket as soon as Microsoft Money arrives . Even though I 've never used MM , I KNOW it 'll be better . It 's got ta be better.Intuit used to be an accomodating company with a functionally straightforward and elegant product . Somewhere along the road , they 've lost their way . Too bad .
 Before you give Quicken such a favorable review , you might want to check the 4 month problem they have had with Credit Card downloads . These have compromised the integrity of customer financial records . Their final solution has been to have customers manually check 4 months of statements and enter missing transactions by hand.In the course of this problem they gave out incorrect information stating how soon the problem would be fixed , and stating that when fixed one would be able to download the missing transactions . For months they did not even inform customers that the problem continued past the original June 24 deadline.Howard Sloane
 I 've used Quicken since it 's first windows based version -LRB- and even a dos version before that -RRB- . I upgraded from Quicken Basic 1999 to the 2003 version because of the hefty rebate when purchasing Turbotax . The basic register works well , and I got to like the scroll down account list to the left , but reconciling is more of a hassel , and for me the straw that breaks the camel 's back is the reports . In my contracting business I use a variety of reports to track job expenses to various clients using categories and classes to sort them out as needed . The reports frequently lock up , so you have to reboot when you use the `` customize reports '' feature . They display on a small screen so they are difficult to read , they do not print out as cleanly , and the program memorizes and saves your reports in a totally crazy manner . If you quickzoom on an item you have to restart the original report when you go back . After 6 months of aggrivation I put my old version of Quicken 99 -LRB- itself not without some flaws -RRB- back on , but I can not get it to recognize my data . I 'll call for technical support sometime , but it seems that they work the same hours as I do -LRB- except I 'm out in the field , not in front of the computer -RRB- . Also , since my work computer does not have an internet connection , the frequent prompting for internet services and the constant display of the useless internet buttons is annoying.At this point , however , I wish that I had not smashed the Quicken 2003 CD up and thrown it into the ... can .
 I have over 10 years of financial info on Quicken . Started using it on DOS , have purchased most upgrades and loved them all BUT 2003 Premier is terrible . I was using Checkfree to pay bills electronically and was forced to upgrade Quicken AND change to Quicken Bill Pay as Checkfree has some altered relationship w / Intuit . It seems a main objective of the program is to advertise Intuit services and get you to go online-not keep my books in my house . The reconcile feature is terrible -- cursor bounces all over , impossible to use the keyboard to scroll , blocks of entries become checked or unchecked at random.It is so bad that I am going to look for an alternate program and this from someone who has over 10 years of personal and business data on Quicken .
 I have used quicken since 1996 , for the most part i have like it . However this version is not great at all , I can not update to my bank to get my tranaction . and they -LCB- quicken -RCB- charge for support . I wish I left this one on the shelf at the store .
 This software does a terrible job to match the short sale and cover short transactions in my brokerage account . I have to manually specify those transactions to the right types ONE BY ONE and it still could n't calculate the trasaction proceeds correctly . It is so frustrating . It wastes both money and time to use this software to track capital gains .
 I have used Quicken from the beginning and updated annually , but I 'm tossing 2003 Basic and going back to 2002 . Quicken 2003 has adopted a Microsoft-style `` do it our way '' format that makes their product harder to use.This user unfriendly version takes away user control of the desktop , and much of the intuitive navigation that made earlier versions winners .2002 was a vintage year for Quicken , but the 2003 version should be avoided .
 I have always loved Quicken programs , but no more . Having installed 2003 Basic on my new computer a few weeks ago and hating it ever since , I am literally throwing it away and going for something new . When I said I wanted Basic , that is what I meant . Instead , the register page is so cluttered with extras , I can barely see the register and there is no way to hide the extras . The program prompts me to connect to the internet constantly and there is no way to get it to stop . It uploads , downloads , reconfigures , gives me messages that says my account balances do n't match those on Quicken.com . huh ? How did they get my account balances ? Intuit has no real support . For example the support department is closed on weekends . I do n't know about you , but that is when I balance my finances .
 I read the comments from the 2003 users where people suggested buying the 2002 version-I did buy Quicken 2002-and it -LSB- s bad -RSB- too ! I ca n't imagine how bad the 2003 version must be that people thought this was better . From what I can tell , Quicken Basic is just a tool the company uses to sell you more expensive software that might be useful and -LSB- pull -RSB- you into using their financial services . IT IS A MARKETING TOOL FOR QUICKEN-NOT SOFTWARE YOU SHOULD PAY FOR ! Anything you try to do , Basic will tell you ca n't do , unless you upgrade to Deluxe . In addition , my overall impression is that Quicken despises their customers . I can not imagine using a company with such low morals to handle my portfolio . This software wo n't do anything your bank 's Internet site ca n't do , other than put all your information in one place . You will be disappointed if you actually pay for this software .
 I 'm afraid I have to agree with Ivan Thompson 's review . This product is not ready for action . Or maybe it 's Intuit that 's not ready anymore . I 've used Quicken for more years than I can remember , have upgraded frequently , and have been happy with the choice . However , this 2003 version installed badly and did not allow me to register the product , which in turn meant I would not be able to use it to retrieve bank and credit card transactions from the Internet . There was no help to be found at the Intuit site , and no way to contact the company in a way that would evoke a response to my specific issue . Therefore , I 'm going to have to go over to the other side -- i.e. , Microsoft Money -- as much as I regret doing that . Intuit
 I 've used Quicken for a number of years , and it generally worked OK . The interface was always a little quirky and you had to learn that certain operations never worked quite the way it seemed they should . However , I spent a few years overlooking that , until I decided to start using the online banking option . I bought the new version , Quicken 2003 , and could n't be less satisfied.My only serious gripe is that over half the time I select `` Update Now '' , to download new transactions and upload new bill payment orders , Quicken crashes ! I religiously patch it , load a web page first to make sure my cable modem has n't gone to sleep , I stand on one leg , but to no avail
 I feel like I 'm betraying an old friend here . For years I have used Intuit products and have recommended them to others as the best of class . However , my experience with 2003 has left me frustrated and angry . I was forced to upgrade because my old version would n't handle the new QFX download format . I have found that although the new versions often have neat new features the QUALITY and USABILITY of the product seems to go down.I hate that when you go to register 2003 -LRB- which it prompts you to do till you do it -RRB- that the online registration forces you to create an account with quicken.com . I finally called their live support and registered over the phone and they told me how to disable all the stuff that pushes you towards quicken.comI 'm also fighting an issue where 2003 thinks there 's a problem with my previously reconciled statements when there 's not . And their support wants to charge me 1.95 a minute to fix it ! So now I have to either choose between ignoring the problem -LRB- as the balance is correct -RRB- or starting with the upgrade all over again and enter several months of transactions and even then I do n't know if it would solve the problem.Unfortunately the problems I and others are having with Quicken are pretty universal to the PC software industry and I doubt that there 's anything any better . I hope this is n't a sign of the new millenium where mediocrity , low quality and poor customer support -LRB- unless you are willing to pay big bucks -RRB- will be the rule .
 I 've used TurboTax for years , so I thought I would give Quicken 2003 a try . I bought it knowing that if I did not like it I could return it within 60 days for a full refund . Well , I did not like it ; the user interface was very complicated and difficult to navigate -LRB- I am a technical writer by profession -RRB- , so I decided to return it . After sending three requests -LRB- via their website -RRB- requesting a refund , each request resulted in an automated email stating that I would receive a response within 48 hours . A month later and still no responses , I contacted American Express and asked them to take care of it . When I finally did get a response from the company , they reimbursed me for the incorrect amount.I 've since tried Microsoft Money 2003 , and love it .
 I 've used Quicken for years , and purchased Quicken 2003 as an upgrade from Quicken 98 . I 've now used it for about 6 months and am fairly happy with it , with the exception of speed -LRB- it 's s-l-o-w -RRB- and it 's a bit buggy , occasionally trying to `` help me out '' by doing things that just do n't make any sense . I like being able to download transactions from my credit card companies , and it works great for two of my banks . But the third bank -LRB- JP Morgan/Chase -RRB- apparently does n't work well with Quicken , even though Quicken lists them in the `` Supported Bank Partners '' area . Quicken will only let me enter a password that 's 4 characters long , and my Chase password is 8 characters long . I contacted Intuit , and they said that it was an error in the account profile info transmitted by Chase and that they could help me fix it - at the friendly rate of $ 2/minute ! Any company that charges support to help fix inconsistencies like this is , by definition , NOT customer-focused . So I 'm using Quicken only until I can find something from a company that I feel better about supporting .
 Intuit 's attempt at putting advertising in a product that you are paying -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for is unacceptable . I have been a loyal Quicken user since the DOS versions , however this sneaky attempt by Intuit has made me re-think my loyalties . I ordered Quicken and promptly returned it upon learning of this unwelcome feature . If you are a current Quicken user , CONTINUE USING YOUR CURRENT VERSION . We can all tell Intuit to stop this invasion by boycotting their products until they remove the advertising or at least give us the option of disabling all advertising . As a result of my experience with this product , I will even discontinue my purchases of their Turbo-Tax software .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this frustrating , inadequate product . I just purchased Quicken a few weeks ago and have spent over 80 hours trying to set it up . Granted , I 'm trying to capture six months prior financial data so that I can do budgeting , but this has been ridiculous . Most of my data was downloadable from my bank , yet most of the time has been spent trying to find workarounds to the programs shortfalls and bugs . Credit card payments show up as income , changes I 've made to categories are wiped out when I reboot , and I ca n't get a simple monthly average for spending . Technical support chat online has been slighty helpful , when they do n't just give me some irrelevant suggestion and cut me off.Now that I finally have all of my data entered , I am so , so disappointed in how it handles the info . The reports are rigidly organized and do n't even give me what I want . I ca n't believe the amount of time I spent on this . And , for the record , I am quite adept at using and learning computers and new software . This program could drive a newbie over the edge .
 I should have listened to all of the on-line reviewers . It was time to upgrade from MS Money 2000 and I was really disappointed with MicroSoft 's LACK of good instruction books available.Long story short
 Getting a little sick of this strategy . The level of advertising associated with you using this product should more than offset treating the yearly upgrades as simple updates instead of having to pay for a whole new version . It 's a great product , but hindered by advertising overload and an overly ambitious sales program . You really do n't need this version , 2002 works fine . -LRB- As does 2001 , 2000 , etc. ... -RRB- . I could see spending -LSB- money -RSB- if you own the previous year 's version , but this is ridiculous .
 Horrible software ! Do n't buy it ! What happened ? Quicken used to be a pretty good program , but now it is incredibly unreliable . Every time I try to edit something it crashes the program ; I need to delete the item and recreate it . All the bell and whistles are no good if the program does n't have basic reliability !!!!
 I have been a user of Quicken and Intuit products since about 1988 starting with Quicken 1.0 . A friend gave me a copy of 1.0 and I loved it so I bought it and have upgraded it almost every year since . My tax software was Personal Tax Edge by Parsons Technology -LRB- which at the time was better then TT BTW -RRB- . Parsons was owned by Intuit who when they sold it off forced it to discontinue its tax software . Since I like Quicken it did n't bother me to switch to Intuits own Turbo-Tax even though is was n't as good . I have been using it faithfully now for 5-6 years . However , this will be the last time I upgrade either Quicken or TT given the distrust and inconvenience they now provide for their loyal customers . Not only are they insisting on activation and dumping spy-ware on their LOYAL customers PC , but previous `` free '' state software was easily downloaded from within TT but now must be pay for it up front first then submit for a rebate . Hope your satisfied `` Mr. Intuit '' you 've lost another one . By the way `` Mr. Intuit '' I did n't get my renewal notice either . I guess you were tired of me as customer . So be it .
 Quicken now automatically downloads advertisements directly into your files . I have an ad taking up a good portion of my screen , and I can not make it go away . It is inteferring with my ability to use my own financial records.I am also concerned that Quicken is uploading my personal financial information and/or installing spyware on my computer . Remember , Quicken is owned by Intuit , which also owns TurboTax . Before you buy any Quicken product , take a look at the reviews on TurboTax.Intuit used to make good software . They made a good product , and we paid a fair price . Now , they have turned their substantial talents the dark side . Too bad !
 Currency conversion has been a problem in Quicken since this feature was introduced a number of years ago ; even this new version does not address the issues fully.What makes matters worse is that upon enquiry through their pay-technical-support line , Intuit has promised free patches to fix these problems many times - however , never delivered on their promises.I have a few months ago complained about these issues to Intuit and was promised a refund upon putting my problems in writing . Like for the software patches , I am still waiting ...
 I bought the 2003 version and was appalled by all the changes just so they could call it a update . It means you have to learn the program over again . They also denied my rebate because I did n't jump through the hoops just right . By the time I found out about not getting the rebate , it was too late to return it . I 've used Quicken from version 4 for DOS , but will not buy again unless they change their greedy ways . So get a 2002 version instead , it 's cheaper and better . I saved the quicken.ini file in the Windows directory using notepad , calling it quicken.txt . If I have to reinstall Quicken , I copy the paragraph under -LSB- Registration -RSB- from the original file and paste it in the new ini file . This allows full use without having to try to register it again .
 They say that part of maturity is being able to admit mistakes . I was using Quicken 2000 , and because of all of the great promises on the packaging I purchased Quicken 2003 . I made a huge mistake.The upgrade does little that Quicken 2000 did n't already do , and 2003 is full of bugs and glitches . It crashes , freezes , and if it does n't do that , then bizarre error messages pop up . Quicken customer service is terrible -LRB- when it is n't non-exisistent -RRB- . Many of the on-line features either do not work or are completely useless . Worst of all , their are ads all over the place , and , of course , there is no way to remove them.Please -- save your time , money , and aggravation , and avoid this product at all costs !
 I 'm tired of the problems with this software and the charge for customer support .
 I had Quicken 2000 on an older machine and when I purchased a new one , I thought I might upgrade . Boy was that a mistake ! I actually got my money back and restored my 2000 program . Spend the $ $ for the upgrade on a dinner for your loved one and do n't commit to the hours and hours of time needed to set up and baby the product .
 I just read the reviews and took Quicken out of my cart . I too have been a user since MoneyCounts that Quicken bought in the beginning . The ads referred to in the reviews are unacceptable . I am just fine with `` last years model '' and shall remain that way unless I find a substitute with value . This is my rejection of empty upgrades . Thanks , Amazon . You 'll get the sale but on another product .
 This program is eating up all my Memory ! Watch out and see other comments below about the same thing ... There is something wrong with this program and no help from Quicken -LRB- they are the worst about taking care of the customer ! -RRB-
 I have been a satisfied user of Quicken for many years ; a few months ago I upgraded to Quicken 2003 . Since then the following has happened : On three occasions I have received the message `` Online setup information is missing . Please visit -LSB- there site -RSB- ... to see if this is a server related issue or try reinstalling Quicken to resolve the issue . '' Each time I have visited the indicated website -LRB- by writing down the URL and typing it in - it was n't even `` clickable '' -RRB- to find out that the problem did not seem to be `` server related , '' and so I needed to reinstall Quicken in order to get a missing file - fidir.txt . It seems overkill to me to need to reinstall an entire programs just to replace a single text file . Give me the file and tell me what directory to put it in and I can do so a lot quicker and easier . I do not have the time to uninstall and reinstall Quicken 3 times in 3 months!When I click a menu -LRB- such as File or Edit -RRB- it takes a full 3 seconds for the menu to pull down . This did not happen with previous versions of Quicken , and it does not happen with any other program on my system - I am used to a menu pulling down immediately , not after a 3 second wait.On a few occasions when I have run a report and then clicked `` customize '' the system has crashed . For example , this occurred with the Income/Expense report.When I have Quicken open along with other programs , and another program 's window is in front , and I click Quicken on the task bar , it frequently does not bring Quicken to the front . I need to minimize the other program in order to bring the Quicken to the front . This does not happen with any other program on my system.From the Quicken `` Home '' screen , I clicked the tab entitled `` First Page . '' It showed me a graph of my expenses for the past month amongst other things . I clicked `` Options '' and the system crashed.Very frustrating issues !
 What a total letdown . I think I was dazzeled by all the rebates offered by buying Quicken '03 & TurboTax . I upgraded from Quicken 2000 & here 's what I got :1 . Pity-ful import of previous quicken records . Things lost
 Intuit is heading in the wrong direction . Yes , new users will probably like this product . Old timers who have suffered through endless `` upgrades '' only to discover dropped features and bugs will be better served waiting for 2004 . Unfortunately , I tried migrating to Money this year only to get a nebulous message stating that it encountered errors converting the Quicken data . What data and how many were not specified . Since I have stock transactions going back to 1987 , I ca n't risk losing the data -LRB- unless I 'm prepared to lose the ability to track investment performance and have access to basis information for future stock sales . -RRB- I wo n't bore you with a list of lost features or bugs , but a question for you euphoric reviewers
 Quicken 2003 is a ... software package , not up to contemporary professional standards . I have been running it with W2k for 2 months with some off and on annoying problems , however , now my the program will not read my data file or my backups . Intuit will talk to you ... for a fee ... or restore the data that their lousy product fouled ... . Do not waste your time . Do not waste your money . Another great annoyance is the commercialism in the software , constantly pitching Quicken credit cards , brokerage , tax products , etc. . Avoid this product at all costs .
 I am a LONGTIME Quicken fan , and this `` upgrade '' is a serious step backwards rather than an upgrade . There are MANY bugs , including the fact that the software shuts down when you try to print a report , that you can no longer work while downloading transactions , and that many of the `` easy edit '' features have now disappeared . Despite the marketing glitz , I can find ZERO improvements and numerous things lacking from the 2002 version . If I can figure out how to downgrade my file , I 'll be returning my product for a refund .
 Intuit took a great product and ruined it . There are so many ways to set up the screen that you ca n't find anything or do anything without searching through menus to see where it is . It is not intuitive at all . I 've used this product -LRB- and Quickbooks -RRB- for years , so I 'm familiar with the program . Now I get lost . Besides the unpleasant design of the software , it 's also buggy . If I try to switch to VIEW 1 , it crashes . I use Windows 2000 for stability , and very few programs crash . This one is an exception . Stay away from this software until they fix the interface and stabilize the bugs .
 I was a loyal Quicken user -LRB- used quicken 98 -RRB- and just bought Quicken 2003 Deluxe although I got Microsoft Monday as installed software on my computer.I am very disappointed of this version . Virtually I did n't use the new version because I can not register it . The registeration pages reported a script error . Then I went to the Quicken website , and found a description of the program and a `` solution '' telling me to un-install and re-install to solve the problem . I did it three times but failed to make the registration work.If you think registraion may not be a problem , think it twice . Quicken 2003 will stop to download stock and fund prices without registration ! This behavior make my investment portfolio ugly
 It failed to download from American Express , Ameritrade , and other credit cards . When it was able to download from NetBank it was hard to use because it added items from last year and was difficult to edit . Then , even after re-installing it 4 times , I was still unable to register it . I have uninstalled it and am selling it . If you want my copy , go to Ebay .
 I am glad I moved to Money . I highly recommend trying it out . It has much better interface with a very smooth integration with browser . Abundant reporting and investment charting possibilties . I was a avid quicken user for 7 years . Tried Money because it was bundled with Taxcut and boy , am I glad that I have moved . BTW , I did not buy Turbotax -LRB- I was a long time user of it -RRB- because of the c-dilla issues . INTUIT has just lost a loyal customer forever ...
 This program is not that great at all . Like various Microsoft products , it insists on second-guessing you . Furthermore , it has terrible and NON-INTUITIVE management of withdrawals and deposits between accounts.If you have a checking account and a savings account , and download the transactions for both into Quicken , it will completely bork transfers between one account and another . You 'll have to manually correct that yourself . Furthermore , lets say that you transfer $ 100 from Savings to Checking . If you do this , it should say `` withdrawal to checking '' on the Savings register , and `` deposit from savings '' on the checkings register . But it does n't . It uses Withdrawal on both . Very illogical.This program needs some way to better communicate internally what 's happening between accounts , because it 's a total mess in that respect.I 'd suggest you try using GNUcash if you can . It 's free to download , and you get free upgrades . Your also welcomed to redistribute it and modify it , if you can , to suit your needs . Check it out at http://www.gnucash.orgIt's a little bit technical , and offers many features that would only be useful to a professional accountant . But better overdone than underdone .
 Buying the new version is simply a waste of money .
 Have upgraded everytime a new version came out . Unfortunately this version is a waste of time . Many functions are done differently then previous versions ; the changes are not intuitive at all . Takes 2 - 5 times longer to do the same things . The only thing keeping me from trying MS Money is that my entire retirement plan is with this software .
 I started with Quicken version 1.0 and was delighted . Each upgrade was like going to the candy store to see what great features were added . The last great version of Quicken was 6.0 . Since then , each upgrade has been a disappointment . There are memory leaks that prevent using the product for over 8 hours on my computer before hanging and having to reboot -LRB- Quicken99 -RRB- . I was thinking of upgrading to Quicken2003 , but after reading the reviews , I am at a loss . I think I 'll just go back to Version 6.0 and be happy again!Old versions had no advertising .
 I 've been a Quicken user since MYM died -LRB- in the late DOS days -RRB- . I hate nothing more than SPAM and intrusive commercials , and have no plan to pay for software that forces it on me . Looks like I 'll be staying with Quicken 2001 . I do n't need the latest and the greatest and I can wait for as long as they can do without my money , that is ... till they clean up their act.My rating shows 1 star , but I do n't own Q 2003 .
 Thanks to everyone who has reviewed this software , I 've found these some of the most useful reviews I 've read anywhere on Amazon . I 'm a user of Quicken Deluxe 2000 , I upgraded from Quicken 98 with some reservations , but I 've been very pleased with 2K . My bank , however , just switched servers so that I can no longer update my transactions with two clicks of the mouse . Thanks to these reviews , I 'm not going to waste my money and aggravate myself by buying 2003 . I can still use the old method of downloading a . qif file and updating my bank transactions that way.If Intuit wants to sell me a new piece of software , they had better have something much better -- meaning a simple interface and NO advertisements ! -- to offer in 2004 or 2005 , when I 'm willing to consider it again .
 I 've faithfully upgraded my Quicken software every year . I 've got to say that this year 's 2003 release is NOT one of the better upgrades . Quicken has dummed-down the product so much that it 's lost a lot of its great layout flexibility . Worse - if you do n't like strong-arm advertising tactics you may want to look elsewhere.Quicken 2003 is a lot easier to use , but it comes at a cost . Tasks/activities now open up in single pop-up windows -LRB- the browser type single window/navigation is gone -RRB- . If you want to keep the pop-up task/activity around while you do something else , you have to first minimize it to get it out of the way -LRB- the task/activity is then stored at the bottom of the Quicken screen as a link -RRB- . This is probably easier for your average user but makes more steps and is more cumbersome to experienced Quicken users . My least favorite change
 NOT RECOMMENDED!I am a software professional and have been using Quicken since the first release . Years ago , I could honetly say that I was thrilled with Quicken , but I can no longer recommend the product after receiving the 2003 release . The software is buggy , the user interface is cumbersome , and the software constantly bugs the user with advertisements and sales piches for Intuit 's online services.It appears to me that the company is using its flagship product primarily as an advertising tool for more lucrative online service offerings . Intuit offers no way for the end user to disable the constant nagging and in-your-face advertising `` features '' of Quicken 2003 . The registration process is one of the most annoying things about the software . Intuit insists that the user register as a `` member '' of their online service , even if the user has zero interest in any of their online offerings . To add insult to injury , the registration process is flawed . Intuit offers no way for a previously registered user to detect prior registration settings when reinstalling the software . I wasted hours trying to get software that I paid for to work.I recommend that you save your money and do some homework . I am looking for another financial application . I would rather go through the pain of converting my accounts and online banking to another vendor before I would ever consider another full-price Quicken `` upgrade '' . NOT RECOMMENDED !
 Intuit did redesgn the interface . Very nice looking and a more comtemporary look which is a nice change from the boring looks of previous versions . They get high marks for that!Going beyond the GUI , get ready to spend some time learning the new layout ! The tabs along the side of the screen now include balances , which is a great idea . Remeber how you could drag and drop the tabs to a new location ? Forget it here ! You now need to visit 2 screens to do the same thing . Remember adding reports and other often-used tabs ? Forget it - functionality has been removed ! You now have to get to a report via various menus or secondary screens ; the quickest I have found is through 2 menus and no way to add a shortcut someplace else . Remember having a nice home page with nice small neat boxes with account balances , stock balance , etc. that fit on one screen without scrolling and being able to customize it ? All boxes are now full-width on the screen so that you need to scroll through most every screen to find what you are looking for . The list continues ... I 've always been pretty impressed with Quicken and have been a devoted user for many years but Intuit blew it with this redesign . It seems like they 've sacrificed user convenience by trying to stuff in more information and functionality - and not retaining some way for the user to customize and re-arrange things for the user 's needs.I keep current on all my software but this is an exception ; I 'm going back to an old version and plan to try to return my software to Intuit . If your using a pre-2003 version and it 's doing what you want it to do , save you money . Chances are you wo n't be impressed with the upgrade .
 I can not express enough how absolutely terrible this program is.First , let me say that I have been an avid Quicken user since 1994 . At that time , I was balancing my checkbook by hand and Quicken was a lifesaver . At first I used it to print out checks and balance my checkbook electronically . But , as technology quickly grew , I began to use Quicken to pay bills electronically , track my investments online , categorize my expenses , and track my net worth . Upgrades were offered at a discount to existing users , and they incorporated straightforward , necessary changes which enhanced the program 's usefulness . Life was good.Then , somewhere around 2000 , Quicken started to fall apart . In an obvious attempt to make more money , they stopped offering discounted upgrades to existing users . In addition , program changes were , by-and-large , becoming unecessary . So , in order to justify selling a new program each year , they kept needlessly overhauling the interface from one version to the next . So each time you upgraded , you had to re-learn everything . And if you stuck with your current version , as I tried to do , you could not fully utilize the online features because they were no longer supported . So you were forced to upgrade - at full price - to whatever Intuit wanted to throw your way.I am happy to annouce that , with Quicken 2003 Deluxe , I have just purchased my last and final upgrade . I am sad , however , to announce that Intuit has finally gone over the edge . First of all , the interface is ridiculous . It 's so confusing that you simply can not perform even the simplest tasks without going through a myriad of confusing pop-up screens and menus . Nothing is Intuitive -LRB- ironically -RRB- and almost nothing comes without errors , advertisements , or problems . For example , I have several fairly straightforward securities through a 401K account . But for some reason , the price per share for some of the securities kept coming up as zero - and I was unable to update the prices , either manually or online . This was an obvious bug in the program that cost me many hours of frustration with no resolution . Again , let me express that I am an advanced user and I am very certain that this is a programming bug . Of course , the only free technical support that Intuit now offers is a weak online database which resolved none of my problems . If you want to talk to a live person , you have to pay for both the call and the service . Incredible.But the problems do n't end there . I 'll spare you the long story of how I was n't able to register the program because of a bug in the included browser - so I could n't use any of the online features without getting annoying pop-up reminders to register the program - even though the program would n't allow me to register it ! I wo n't tell you about how the program kept re-booting my system because of browser conflicts with Internet Explorer . And I certainly wo n't relay the long and tiring story about how my unlock code - which I had legitimately paid for - failed to work upon re-installing the program from factory purchased discs . Their solution to this problem was to call an 800 number , which , when called , gives you a message that the number is no longer supported . Incredible.So , after all of that , I went and bought Microsoft Money 2003 - regardless of what I had just spent on Quicken . I 'm happy to report that the installation was easy , the set-up was flawless , and there is not a bug to be found . In addition , there are no advertisements , there is plenty of support , and the interface is absoutely intuitive . I was up and running in less than 2 hours with all of the capabilities of Quicken and then some.In summary , Quicken has completely lost the plot . They began in 1994 by making my life easier , and ended up in 2003 making it considerably more difficult . If they keep up like this , they do not deserve to remain in business . So , Quicken users , take my advice , do n't be afraid , and switch to Microsoft Money today . You 'll be very glad you did .
 Opt for any Quicken edition -LRB- even the expensive Premier -RRB- and get inundated with ads . Quicken will clutter your screen with attempts to get you to sign up for their brokerage service , their credit card , their mortgage company partners , and the program will repeatedly try to get you to send your personal financial information to their website -LRB- supposedly for more features -RRB- , where your can be inundated with more `` special offers '' . If you register this product , consider very carefully whether to give them your email address .
 I 've used Quicken since the DOS days . I 've been on an annual upgrade cycle because I like the ease of downloading updated stock prices . I cursed Intuit when they switched to the browser-like format , but stuck with the product anyway.Like others , I 'd read the reviews of Quicken 2003 and was leary about the advertising . I speculated that the people who wrote those reviews just never found the ` turn off the ads ' option like Quicken 2002 had . It turns out the option is n't there . What is there are annoying ads everywhere . I returned the software directly to Intuit and got my money back -LRB- except for the money I spent on shipping ! -RRB- . Do n't waste your time or money . Stick with the version of Quicken you already have .
 I 'm not sure if I would be considered a power user of quicken or not . I have over 20 accounts in it , a 401 -LRB- k -RRB- account , a couple of mortgages , etc. . I have used Quicken since MYM passed away . The first versions of Quicken were `` Okay '' . Being a tenacious optimist , I keep updating the program in the hopes previous bugs would be fixed . THEY ARE NEVER FIXED ! Quicken 2003 Deluxe is just as full of bugs as ever . Mortgages are n't handled correctly . Data from previous versions disappears forever . Alerts are n't calculated correctly . You can `` submit '' bug reports and suggestions , but I suspect they 're dumped somewhere in the ether.One reason I tried this update was that I was told you could `` chat '' with tech support via the internet without paying the support fee . After spending over an hour with a tech , I was again told I had found yet another `` product defect '' . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I always keep software current and am usually happy with each new version of Quicken but not with 2003 . While I am pretty happy with the new interface and have not noticed the ads that seem to annoy other reviewers , I am very concerned about critical bugs in the program . Two examples :1 -RRB- In the check-writing window , you ca n't check the on-line payment box . The only way I have discovered to create an on-line payment to a new payee is to create a register entry with `` send '' as the check number . The check-writing window does work with existing on-line payees - it will automatically check the box when you enter the payee name .2 -RRB- In the check-writing window , if you highlight and control-d to delete a check you are asked to verify your intent . If you tell the program to delete the check is not deleted . If you were previously working in the underlying check register and a transaction is highlighted that transaction is deleted instead . There is no way to recover the lost transaction.Intuit has not fixed either bug in 2 updates to the program . Intuit tech support is VERY poor and I am unwilling to spend $ $ to be given answers like , `` Quicken does not support the current version of the Microsoft mouse driver . Try to find an old version and install it . `` I 've been a loyal user of Quicken , QuickBooks and TurboTax for many -LRB- 15 + -RRB- years but I would try Money if I did n't have so much data loaded in Quicken.If they ever fix these bugs I might change my review .
 I miss my Managing Your Money . I went to Quicken several versions ago when MYM was no longer produced and supported . With every update I hope the program will get better and it 's many bugs fixed . But the program continues to have bugs where they should n't have any . In other words , the programmers are sloppy and high schoolish . Some negative values do n't show up in red . Credit card maximums and minimums do n't calculate properly -LRB- in a money management program ? -RRB- . You have to pay for live support - even if the problem is theirs . My fingers are crossed that some one else will come up with a money management program so Quicken will wake up and do the job right . Try MS Money instead .
 Beware of people saying that the negative reviews are mostly submitted by people who have not used the product . PC WORLD and PC MAGAZINE both reviewd this product and both gave very negative reviews . Quicken was trounced by MS Money . It is not just not just disgruntled users bad rapping this product . Quicken has been slipping for several years now .
 i am tired of paying for support . intuit 's customer service policy is awful given how terribly buggy the product is . i refuse to pay them any more to help them debug their product .
 I have been a long time Quicken user after the demise of Money Count , etc. . I was just about to check out , and , like many others I for some reason started looking at the reviews . And , I changed my mind . I too do n't want any more ads ! There is enough in Quicken 2002 to get you to use their quicken.com stuff . I was hoping to try out some of the additional features of the Home and Business edition , but , that will have to wait I guess . Last year I purchased Quicken 2002 Suite which included Quicken Deluxe , Turbo Tax , Quicken Lawyer , a free state and elec filing - all for $ $ $ . What happened this year ... no more suite , more Ads -LRB- from what I hear -RRB- , and a dumbed down interface that is n't as flexible . Anyway ... they need someone to really compete - and MS Money is n't really an option . Perhaps then they 'd listen to users . Matter of fact - I may even look at alternative tax software .
 I was hoping that Quicken would finally get around to correcting how the software computes capital gains on stock transactions . Like Quicken 2002 , the 2003 version may give you an incorrect capital gains report on stock transactions entered , especially if you do a lot of investing , short sales , transferring of assets in accounts , etc. . I doubt Intuit will come to your rescue if you make a mistake on your tax returns using their erroneous reports . As for tech support ... good luck !
 I had been a Quicken user since the early 90 's but switched to Microsoft Money in 1999 . My new computer came with Money Basic 2002 installed but I recently purchased Quicken Deluxe 2003 . Thus far I have spent close to 10 hours trying to get my data transferred from Money to Quicken . It is incredibly difficult and inaccurate if you try to automate the process . Because I do n't have every single statement from every account I own , I can not just go and type in every transaction by hand to get the accuracy I need . I think I have all of my investments in place , but the portfolio still will only update 4 security prices , my mutual funds . It does nothing with the stocks I own , though I have gone over the stock accounts a dozen times each . If I had n't already spent $ $ $ on this software I would go right back to Money . It very well may take me a month of sitting in front of my computer to get to the point where I need to be with my finances on Quicken , so I am still using Money Basic 2002 to keep track of everything . At this point , Quicken has become my white whale and I am determined to make it work . On the plus side , Quicken seems much faster than Money .
 Ordered Quicken 2003 when having problem with bank interface . Worked OK until I bought new PC and tried to move program . Would not work unless I bought another disc from Intuit . After many wasted phone calls & on line sessions with Intuit customer service -LRB- HA HA -RRB- I gave up and switched to MS Money installed on new PC . Works great , much smoother with bank interface.Didn ' t find upgrade of Quicken to be anything special . With hassle using customer service , this is one ex-Intuit customer .
 I wrote ckecks that have dissapeared from the check register . After reading the previous reviews of this program , I can understand why .
 Quicken support simply does n't exist . My Q2003 suddenly started telling me it was not the default financial application and wanted to know if it should be . No amount of answering yes or no stops that damned message from coming up every time Quicken loads.So check their website for hints , right ? Wrong ! Run a check for clues and you get `` page not found ! '' At least half of the things I tried to find resulted in web-page errors of some kind . I 'm more likely to find a solution with Google than using the Quicken website ! Then an offer to help for a fee ! No way , Jose , am I going to pay a company for support if they ca n't even get their website in working order .
 I was about to order Quicken 2003 , but after reading the reviews , I 've changed my mind . I 've always liked Quicken and have been upgrading on a regular , if not yearly , basis . After reading the reviews here , I 'll pass this year and stick with my 2001 version . For new users , there are a number of online vendors that still sell Quicken 2001 and 2002 . If Q2003 is as bad as has been reported , I recommend to all first time buyers that they purchase an older version of Quicken .
 I 've been a Quicken user since MYM died -LRB- in the late DOS days -RRB- . I hate nothing more than SPAM and intrusive commercials , and have no plan to pay for software that forces it on me . Looks like I 'll be staying with Quicken 2001 . I do n't need the latest and the greatest and I can wait for as long as they can do without my money , that is ... till they clean up their act.My rating shows 1 star , but I do n't own Q 2003 .
 I have 2001 Deluxe and already tired of ads at times but after reading through the reviews here , thanks but I 'll wait until quicken removes those ads as they mention it here . I will say it one more time , If I pay for the product , better no ads . I will check again next year . My 2001 worksfine and have no problems with it .
 Wow , after all the negative reviews and the seemingly big hassle in returning the product , I will pass and `` wait and see , '' if Intuit comes to its senses ! Who needs ads when you have paid money for THIS product ? I know I could n't deal with it , so I am NOT buying the current product and will stay with my 2002 version . I have been using the Quicken products for about 5 years and the Managing your Money products for over 6 years prior to Quicken , so experience and commitment are there for good financial products . Too bad , so sad , on this one !
 I am using Quicken Deluxe 2000 . I have used quicken for years and been very satisfied , but the comments concerning 2003 have turned me off to upgrading . I was upset when they changed the format the had in 1999 with the 2000 version . It sounds as if they `` change for the sake of change '' with greed being the motive . I have grown very tired of greed being the motivator disguised as profitability in our society . What happened to GOOD SERVICE . Good service leads to profitability and it sounds as if 2003 fails in that regard . -LRB- Please note , I have not tried it , nor do I intend to now . It sounds like a waste of money . -RRB- When I see customer comments that Quicken is doing the job it it supposed to do , and it is clear they have cleaned up the idiosyncracies , I will consider upgrading . In the meantime , if is is n't broke , do n't fix it . -LRB- I wonder if this and the othe messages will find their way to Quicken management -RRB- .
 WOW ! I 've used Quicken for many years and really like it . I was just about set to download 2003 Deluxe when I decided to look at the reviews and was STUNNED ! I have Quicken 2000 ... it 's working fine and meets my needs ... and I see NO reason to update anything until Intuit addresses what appears to be many , many unacceptable bugs and `` features . '' Thank God I found these reviews before I wasted my money and made things worse ! Thanks to all of the reviewers !
 I did not purchase Quicken 2002 . I figured I would wait for 2003 , because it would surely be significantly better . But I keep hearing that it is trememdously commercial , constantly goading me to sign on to quicken products . Now , I hesitate to upgrade . I love the product . Wish I had bought stock in it years ago , but I do n't want to be faced with a comercial bombardment . Why should I pay them to hit me with commercials all the time ??? What should I do ?
 How sad ! An excellent home finance program has morphed into a commercial billboard . After being a loyal Quicken user for 7 years or so , I upgraded from Quicken 2000 hoping for a few bug fixes -LRB- reports , budgets -RRB- . Instead I got so many distractions I ca n't concentrate on what I use the program for . The older versions had some kind of `` turn off advertising '' switch - but not this one . I guess this one may have to `` go back to the store '' although I hear getting a refund is nigh onto impossible .
 The failure to provide the continued use of CheckFree for bill paying negates all the other minor improvements over Quicken 2002 . I have used CheckFree for many years and do not want to go through the process of converting to the flavor of the year bill paying method .
 Check out the Amazon customer reviews for the 2002 and 2003 versions of Quicken and TurboTax . Average point scores -LRB- stars -RRB- for both software packages have dropped by about one point from last year to this year.Stay away from 2003-version products from Intuit .
 i am tired of paying intuit to help them debug their terrible products .
 Luckily I bought the package with -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- rebate , it 's not worth even -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . I wanted to use it for stocks transaction processing . However , I was n't able to see the data after downloading the file of my broker 's web site . I can not understand how companies make simple idea so complex to use till the point it becomes useless .
 I had numerous warnings about private information . I could not use it . I wish I never bought it and I now have increased junk mail because I turned off my Norton Internet Security to use it !! Of course they got all my private information hence the junk mail.Folks , do n't buy this product . Get Taxcut . It 's leaner , private and cheaper . I give it no stars . It 's overkill . Do n't buy it .
 I 've been using Quicken since DOS days , and it seems each upgrade made things worse . I ran Quicken 2003 for about a week and then uninstalled it and went back to Quicken 2002 . They 've finally reached the end of the line for me . From now on , I 'll be watching for something from a different vendor or perhaps from the open source community.The 2003 version is wired with lots of commericals and tie-ins , plus the screen is full of useless ... that makes it more difficult to see the journals . When you 've got a problem , you might as well try contacting the man on the moon.As far as I can tell , `` upgrade '' to the folks at Quicken means to add some tail-fins and call it `` improved '' . Well , I 'm mad as ... and I 'm not gon na take it any longer .
 I was going to transfer from an EOM version of Money 99 to Quicken 2003 . There were too many problems switching , plus you CA N'T TURN OFF THE ADS ! I returned this item and got Money 2003 , which is great , and YOU CAN TURN OFF THE ADS !
 After attempting to use Quicken 2003 for about 2 months , I 'm back to good old-fashioned pen and paper . There are just too many automatic `` features '' that get in my way . Auto-reconcile never works properly after downloading my bank statements , and most of the time it wo n't even match transactions from my bank statement to the ones I enter manually . If I make out check # 500 for $ 100 and enter it , and then it clears and appears on my bank statement 3 days later , Quicken will try to create a new entry for it even though the check number and amount already match an exisiting transaction . There 's really just no excuse for that.I also had a lot of trouble with Quicken 's forecasts of expenditures . Once it figured out that I had a recurring expense , it became difficult to get the real expense to replace the forecast . The result showed me spending twice as much money per month as I really was.Quicken was also very reluctant to allow me to set up automatic funds transfers from one account to another . The monthly draft from my checking account to my investment account was never modeled correctly.Overall , I 'd have to say that this is one of the worst software products I 've used in several years . Making the software do things the way I want it to is nearly impossible , or at the very least , not worth the considerable time and effort .
 Upon installation , Quicken 2003 converts your old data to its new format . This worked fine for all my accounts except checking . Clicking on the checking account to view the register produced an error that made me close and reenter Quicken . It did it each time
 I have been a loyal Quicken user , but this product has been a disaster . I have plenty of memory , according to its requirements , but that does n't seem to matter . The program is achingly slow . A previous reviewer wrote that it takes three seconds for a pull-down menu to appear . I wish ! It takes 15 to 20 seconds for me . Imagine how long it takes when I try to do something more complicated . Also , many of the new features are not intuitive . I 've had enough frustration to switch back to try to switch back to an earlier version of Quicken -- or to Microsoft Money .
 The user-friendly investment alerts mechanism that was in Quicken 2000 is completely destroyed . Someone should be fired over designing such a terrible interface.It now longer tracks investment in you security list unless you include them in your watchlist . Quicken also deviously attempts to upload all your portfolio information to their website.The alerts that you manually set get automatically reset -LRB- you have no choice in this -RRB- if the limits are met . This means that if you do n't react upon the alert during the same session , you will have to remember the alert for a later session becauae Quicken no longer remembers it either - quite poor design.I wonder what they do with that personal data ?
 I used earlier versions of QUICKEN for years . Putting in this version was a big mistake . Not only is it buggy -LRB- it has totally messed up previously reconciled entries -RRB- , support is totally non-existant . Even trying to search the `` knowledge base '' , on the support site , is a painful experience . The web site says not to expect an answer to reporting a problem . What type of support is that ? I could do better manually than this version of the product .
 I was a loyal quicken user that started using Quicken before Windows 95 ever existed . That loyalty is ending with this version of Quicken . Every Time I start Quicken I keep getting an error saying `` Online setup is missing and to go to -LSB- website -RSB- to see if this is a server related issue or try reinstalling quicken '' . I have reinstalled Quicken 5 times this is only a short term fix . Another problem is quicken will not always minimize and restore the quicken program window properly and can make other program windows misbehave until you close the Quicken Program . The reconcile feature seem to mess up previous reconciled sessions wanting you to re-reconcile your entire account . The program can crash when making a report . It would be nice if Intuit would fix their current 2003 software before trying to sell me a 2004 version .
 I too must echo the end of my patience with Symantec / Norton . My computer was running just fine with Systemworks 2005 and Internet Security 2005 -LRB- although as I recall there were installation issues with these as well -RRB- . Now I get a notice that my subscription is almost up , and would I like to upgrade -LRB- and I use the term loosely ! -RRB- . Ok . . I pony up about $ 59 to upgrade to 2006 ... let the nightmare begin ... First , I download the upgrade , then try to install it . `` Internal error 2103 . 24 '' ... followed by Error 9999,171 . Ok . . off to their `` support '' site . Looks like I have to uninstall ALL my Norton & Symantec software -LRB- great ... there goes my flawlessly-running PcAnywhere install too -RRB- . The install tool does n't work . Get tech-support chat on the line ... talk to Jugdesh ... Vimal ... Rashnish ... pick one - or pick none - it really does n't matter because all they do is tell you how sorry they are you 're having this problem , then email you some additional instructions . Follow the additional instructions and edit the registry . Now my whole SYSTEM runs like crap . Back on the chat line with someone else ... more emailed instructions ... basically the same stuff from the first time.Do more research ... restore from prior restore point ... create new user ... all in vain . System is uselss at this point . Thanks , Norton , for the ` UPGRADE '' . Ok , I guess now I have to face the realization I 'm going to have to off-load all my data , reinstall XP , and spend most of a week trying to get my system to run again . Can I bill Norton for my time ? Wishful thinking.I 've HAD IT with Norton . NEVER NEVER NEVER Again . I will make it my life 's work to tell 1,000,000 people how BAD BAD BAD their software is !! Systemworks is OUT , Internet Security is OUT , PcAnywhere is OUT ! McAfee here I come ... do n't know if its any better , but it ca n't possibly be worse!Take the Norton challenge with me ... tell EVERYONE you know that owns a computer -LRB- that 's just about everyone , is n't it ? -RRB- how ROTTEN the Norton products have become . I 've been a user since the days before Norton bought PC Tools -LRB- that 's a LONG time -RRB- , but I 'm done !!
 I 'm a long time Norton user -LRB- back to DOS days -RRB- , but this product is the end of the line for me . It has gotten incredibly bloated and drags system response time down to unacceptable levels.I 've had to disable Go-Back to get boot time to a usable level . The Anti-Virus subscription repeatedly decides it 's expired , and the process to correct this depends on Symantec servers that often fail to respond.Symantec 's first-level tech support is worse than useless ... rude , incompetent , and barely english-speaking . The built-in utilities in Windows are better than they were , and there are other good anti-virus programs out there . I would strongly advise against Symantec products until they remember that the software is supposed to work , and they have a duty to support it .
 I have used this product for several years now with no problems . The 2006 version , however , made my windows system completely inoperable and disabled my internet connection . I called my computer 's tech support -LRB- Compaq -RRB- and was told they have had many similar complaints and they do not recommend the 2006 version with Windows as the product has many `` bugs '' that have not been resolved . Compaq could not help me and so did not charge me for the tech support call . They said the only way to save my personal data/settings was to bring my computer in to a repair center of my choice . I then called Symantec and asked if they could restore my computer . They restored Windows . I spoke with 4 Symantec tech people today ; no one commented when I mentioned that their product essentially destroyed my computer programs . After being on the phone literally all day -LRB- it is now 12:29 am the next day -RRB- I still can not connect to the internet . It was Symantec 's `` parental control '' issue that blew out my computer . I am hopeful this last issue will be resolved tomorrow but I have to ask myself if this is worth the time and effort spent . The 2006 product should not have come onto the market with all its current problems . I depend on and use my computer daily and this was not a minor inconvenience .
 I have used Norton SystemWorks for years , so in spite of the bad reviews on Amazon , I upgraded from 2005 to 2006 . My experience was extremely disappointing . Immediately after installing , my computer became very sluggish , as suggested in the other reviews . Then it would n't boot . I was unable to return to a previous setting , because Norton Ghost had established a new baseline and all old set points were gone . After considerable aggravation , I got my machine to reboot -LRB- H zd7000 w/XP -RRB- and uninstalled SystemWorks . But I thought it could n't possibly be SystemWorks . So I cleaned up the machine and reloaded the software . Once again , would n't boot except to Norton Ghost screen but had NO set points to revert to . Once I got my machine to boot , I removed it again . Now I am going to buy McAfee virus protection and use the Microsoft system tools . Too bad . Always liked their program , but it 's not worth the trouble .
 I 've used Norton Systemworks for years , but the 2006 version made me reconsider whether to ever touch a Symantec product -LRB- well , except for Partition Magic -RRB- . NSW 2006 Premier is just a resource hog . My memory usage jumped by several hundred megs . I tried to shutdown services that I did n't want to run , but it would not let me . Then I tried to unistall the whole suite from an admin account - no luck , even in Safe Mode . The only way to get rid of this thing is by downloading a special utility from Symantec 's website . Avoid this product . I know I will.PS
 that his name is still on this line of Symantec products . He 's probably ecstatic that his picture is no longer on the box . His products -LRB- guides and tools -RRB- were the staple of system maintenace until he sold his company to Symantec . The products have been going downhill since.Anyone who buys this product better have a PhD in Windows registry editing and patience beyond the belief . You will need a reliable internet connection to download all the `` extra '' tools you will need to try to remove it -LRB- or any previous version of SystemsWorks -RRB- , none of which worked on my system -LRB- at this point I was told to reinstall IE6 by Symantec support - give me a break -RRB- . Their own product , WinDoctor , which you can run from the CD , apparently does nothing to remove their own registry entries . It never could remove some reference to Norton Utilies , which was not longer on my system - I had to remove them manually from the registry.If you try to install it too many times -LRB- for example because you are having unistallation problems with the previous version -RRB- , you will be greeted with a message telling you that can not activate it . This requires you to mail in your CD , receipts , etc and wait at least 3 weeks for a new copy -LRB- if they decide to give you one -RRB- . This is the saddest example of a commercial product I believe I have ever seen . So , as I have seen in many other reviews `` DON `` T BUY IT ! '' You 'll be sorry .
 As a loyal Norton/Symantec fan dating to the DOS days of Norton Utilities , I must say that , in my opinion , the 2005 edition products marked the end of an era . There are many other reviews documenting the problems with the 2006 product . My take is that in Symantec 's rush to maximize profits by ensuring a central licensing database to prevent re-use of old products , performance and stability of their products have suffered . The 2006 versions have been out now for upwards of a year but yet product support will still express surprise that you are experiencing problems and imply that most users do not and will fein ignorance of most of the well documented issues in the other postings . To me this demonstrates Symantec 's motives and disregard for their customers . Bottom Line
 it has been 3 months since i have been using this idiotic product.i dont know what made those morons to release this product . at last i have come to a conclusion that THIS IS NOT AN ANTI-VIRUS PRODUCT , IT IS A VIRUS ITSELF , . Each time I start my computer have to wait fo 15 to 30 minutes to start my work . And above all this junk cant uninstall itself . When i tried to uninsall it tried for 15 minutes only to give me groundbreaking news that `` error can not uninstall '' . You only have to be in my situation to know how i felt . please dont buy this one , unless ofcourse it you want to voluntarily complicate your life and your beloved pc.these symantec people are simply fooling people by making a very substandard and senseless products .
 I ordered this program to download onto my computer from the symnatec.com website . It did n't download , so I followed their instructions to troubleshoot , which did n't work either . I then called customer service -LRB- which was a long distance call -RRB- and was put on hold . After 45 minutes , I hung up and just completely erased everything and filled out the form for a refund , which I should have received by now , but they keep sending me e mails saying I need to fill out the form -LRB- which I did -RRB- . I checked with the BBB , out of 119 complaints , 42 were due to refunds/exchange issues , by far the majority of the complaints . The next leading complaint was customer service with 24 .
 Just another review to the apparently long list of dissatisfied Norton Symantec customers . I 've been using Norton products since 2000 with no major complaints ; until now ! With the onset of year 2006 , Symantec apparently rushed to get in on the annual subscription cash cow type of format for its Virus , Firewall , System Works , Internet Security , etc. products before it had properly checked its software for glitches.My Windows XP Dell Dimension 8300 with 2005 Norton products was working quite well up to the beginning of this year when LiveUpdate started failing to properly update , even though I still had 6 months before my renewal date . Before checking these Amazon reviews -LRB- big mistake -RRB- , I decided to go ahead and get the downloaded versions of Norton Systems Works Premier and Internet Security . Neither would install . After calling Symantec sales -LRB- in India of course but free -RRB- , I was able to exchange them both for CD versions . Those were the beginning of MAJOR problems ; GoBack -LRB- my favorite life saver -RRB- being one of the worst problems ! At first I did n't want to delete my existing version of GoBack 4 during the installations , -LRB- since it could supposedly save me from disaster -RRB- , but the 2006 Norton products became even more unstable with the existing GoBack . Eventually GoBack completely hung up ; it would n't disable or enable or allow itself to be removed . A work-around from Symantec using a DOS download to enter the registry was able to finally remove and reinstall GoBack . A few days later with Norton 2006 still installed I was routinely checking email
 Lights are on but no one is in the back room . I wonder if all the talent has left this company . I feel like I 'm piling on , but , like many of the other reviewers here , I have used Norton for over a decade , from at least the early Mac and 286/386 PC processor days , as a Mac & PC software developer . I was `` upgrading '' from NSW 2005 Premier to NSW 2006 Premier and it locked up my laptop last night . Seems to have installed all but the Norton AntiVirus . I started reinstalling over an hour ago , and the progress is unbelievably slow , even after I removed all external hard drives , enough to drive me to this desktop machine to search the web for similar experience . I feel like I should have looked at the Amazon reviews first . Interestingly , during the incredibly slow reinstall , there does n't seem to be much hard drive activity , certainly less than the network activity . What is Symantec doing , cataloging my software ? The only thing I can say is that if you need Norton Ghost , you may have to buy this . I 'm not sure if it is available separately , but it is something I need in my work . Norton AV has also caught a number of email viruses over the years , but I 've now gone with web hosting company with amazingly good anti-spam software -LRB- godaddy -RRB- . I tried to set up my machine with the free McAffee antivirus that comes with AOL a couple of years back , but many wasted hours later , after Norton Removal Tool , and even meticulously combing through the registry and deleting entries it would never show completely clear of Norton . Use this product only if you have to for some reason .
 the newest version of systemworks is a horror . i will never buy this product again . it get 's worse and worse . live update never completes -LRB- never had this problem with previous versions -RRB- . try to get some help - forgedaboutit.please , do n't make the same mistake i did .
 I have used Norton products since the MSDOS days , and this is the first time I 've ran into such poor execution and support . Usually Ican load a Symantec product and have nothing but good results.DO NOT USE GoBACK ... make sure you do a custom install and avoid GoBack . My mistake was trusting Symantec , and had to rebuild my whole machine ... many hours , days wasted . Their Tech Support , if you can call it that , is non existent.Once you 've installed it it freezes your machine when it trys to boot.GoBack should be called Go to H * llI would give this a -5 if I could .
 First time but will be the last time to buy anything from this company . I would give -100 score if there is . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Extremely Slow scan , I thought it will demage hard drive if used for long time ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- I installed on one machine then on second -LRB- license allowed -RRB- , uninstalled then install several time . all machine locked . pop up RED fix error message ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- VERY BAD customer service , you need to search all place on website then you could find use less customer support . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Such bad product , you need to renew OR re suscribe periodically to pay extra money , cost very high . very simple other anti virus software will do same thing with only less than $ 20 ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- Customer service is very bad , I sold this , after 3 month VERY UNSATISFIED USAGE -LRB- I bought at $ 70 retail box -RRB- . However Symantec declines to transfer license . RIDICULUS , RIDICULUS . EVEN Microsoft will allow license . What does Synmantec think they are ? Doing business in such a meager and narraw minded short sight . No wonder they have such a bad product ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- Advice to all buyers , try CA s-trust or MAfree . Much compact and cheap . Better performance than this .
 Activation issues are plaguing our computers . My gosh ! Who is running Symantec . How do you screw up a sure thing ?
 I 've gone through several versions of norton antivirus and internet security . It seems every year they just throw some software in a box and slap a price on it . Gets worse every year too . This time I decided to try system works and wow . Talk about BS . It did install ok , but it really slowed down my computer . I 'd say about 35-45 % of my speed is gone . It has added about 6-8 processes to my system . Most annoying part is that it strapped itself to the boot process , adding yet another screen I need to see while computer starting up . I hate that we ca n't seem to get enough truthful reviews to help us purchase the best antivirus software . I would love to throw my money at another company with better software , or should I say worthy software . Who can you trust ? And which software ?
 Once this product was installed I could no longer boot the system - symantec tech support was not only slow -LRB- and there was no cost free support -RRB- but ineffective . I had to rebuild the entire system . Win2000 was my operating system - I have now upgraded to XP and have returned the software . Just a note I had been a user of Norton System Works for a number of years previous .
 My first experience with System Works was in 1999 with Windows 98 and what a system saver it was for a few years . WinDoctor would take care of blue screens and errors and Speed Disk was an awesome and fast defrag tool . But SW 2006 is the 1st version I have tried with Windows XP and after only one day I am going to try to return it . Windows XP seems to have all the tools I need and this software is just slow and redundant . I wished I had read these reviews before I purchased it but with the $ 50 dollar rebate I thought I could n't go wrong . Wrong !!
 I was happily using Norton SystemWorks 2005 Premier until I made a mistake to upgrade to Norton SystemWorks 2006 Premier . Not only it considerably slowed down my system , I can not use Ghost to Backup C
 Symantec have come a long way from a company with innovative new products to a peddler of washed out garbage . This product gets one star , not for Symantec , but for the customers who were smart enough not to buy the product.The product is incompatible with over 60 % of the XP Pro and XP Home systems I have seen it installed on and the few who do manage to load the product find it resource heavy , unstable , incompatible with most modern internet based solutions and completely useless as a tool to recover from hardware disasters.The update regime is annoying and the downloaded products can not be written to CD media resulting in a software package designed for use in hardware failures but which can only be accessed by machines in perfect working order , you go figure that one out.This is a VERY BADLY presented software product with absolutely no , or at least , with absolutely minimal functional use.You 'd really be much better off downloading a collection of exciting new well written freebie software products from the various free sites and writing them all onto a bootable CD.And so far as support is concerned - well just forget it , Symantec appears to have developed a policy of '' ... you bought it , you deal with it ... '' for all client support queries.Very sad , Symantec used to be one of my favorite software developers for both corporate and home based products . They used to be innovative and intuitive , but not any more , I wo n't be looking forward to any more of their products now I 'm afraid - the best client policy should be '' ... I was n't dumb enough to buy it , you deal with it ... `` The best thing about this product is that it is so bad that most of my clients have actually taken the time to really look for and find the great alternative products available out there and which are far more suited to today 's computing requirements.Time to pack it in now Symantec , RIP .
 I have had to give a 1 for a rating but I would put a zero . When I had installed this -LRB- upgrading from 2003 system works -RRB- I figured all would be fine but I am now wondering how to get my money back it sucks big time and not only does GoBack really suck it seems to be very buggy to install , very tricky to get it right AND has massive performance hit on your machine . My opinion of this software is I would rather have the virus then have norton . God it is just unbelieveably bad and I have been in the computer game since I was 16 . I have 20 + years of experience in software i was REALLY dissapointed with this package . Having had a friend experience bad things with macafee I am now going to try avg and/or pandaRegards Julian
 Having owned Norton products for fourteen years now , this has got to be the worst upgrade yet . Full Scan takes me at least six or seven hours , not because of the 1024 mg of ram , but the program is the slowest yet . One plus , if you do n't mind waiting forever , is that it 's a very good program based on it 's utility ability . Uses up a bunch of system memory . Very , Very slow !!
 I have installed this on a pentium D 3.0 Ghz w/320 gig HD . The worst part is GoBack and Shadow . After installation , my HD never stopped . It constantly ran , and was noticibly louder with grunting and grinding . System performace plummeted . Then the part of boot up that has the little Protected by GoBack pops up , kept rebooting over and over . After about 4 times , GoBack decided to `` GoBack '' . In 3 hours it made it to 76 percent and hung there . I gave it the 3 finger salute and it turned off my box . I turned it back on and it booted to desktop . I uninstall all Norton doodads and garbage except virus scanner.System suddenly runs much faster and smoother , HD stops grinding constantly.My advice , buy the anti-virus . Its decent . Not great . I use it in tandem with Spybot . They both find things the other does n't . With Registry Mechanic and a serperate fire wall you will be ok.This package is a virus scanner and a few programs that are as harmful to your system as virus . Only you pay for them up front .
 This product has some fine print that states can only be installed 3 times and if for any reason such as I had with Hardware issues were I had to reinstall and hit my limit now Symantec will do nothing except tell me I have to but a new version of it . OK I spend $ 60 and now I have a useless piece of software . I 'm within in my 1 year subscription so they should reset this key that was not stated on anything when I purchased it . Only place this is stated is in the fine print after you installed it so you can not return as it 's an open package.I called the support lien and had to talk to a person were I had to spell out everything multiple times as they can not speak ENGLISH and then they hung up on me when I was still trying to ask questions . Then the next day I tried the Chat line and while in a conversation and asking what steps to take they disconnected after saying I had to buy new copy with no other explanation . SO I tried the live chat the next day and these level-1 support people can only tell you to go to the same website you used to contact them.What has happened to support and customer service . I will go with another product that does not set these silly limits.MacAfee looks good as that is what they use at my work .
 I do n't have this software , so the 1 star is based on all the other reviews . I was about to buy this until I read all the negative reviews . Now that most of you have given up on Symantec , do you have any suggestions for alternative software . I saw a positive comment on Zonelabs . Anybody have any other suggestions ? Thanks
 I got this product from another sorce and it is good for me.I might use this sorce for another sorce.Thank youHoshin
 Egad ! I have never had any issues with Symantec products . As a customer who has owned Systemworks Premier 2003 and 2005 on 3 separate machines , overall I 've been very satisfied with the integration and stability offered . In fact , in many instances my experience with Systemworks 2003/2005 have exceeded my expectations ! My confidence was high and I nonetheless opted to partake in some Black Friday frenzy to nab the latest greatest Symantec Systemworks 2006 Premier edition rebated to nothing ! How could I resist?Exit Symantec Antivirus Corporate Edition -LRB- provided by my company and was working fine -RRB- ... Enter hell in a hand basket . SWP2006 turned a beautifully smooth running brand new HP laptop -LRB- ample hardware I assure you -RRB- into a sniveling churning , grinding `` Pentium II-esqe '' background process running dog ! Upon install startup took forever , over and over again ... and my laptop never stopped grinding away incessantly ... -LRB- hence the `` Pentium II '' reference -RRB- . My disappointment continued when I tried calling tech support . Yes , I too reached India after 45 minutes on hold and a dial-by-directory maze . They told me to completely uninstall the entire suite of programs -LRB- including Live Update -RRB- and try reinstalling them one at a time via custom install . `` Call back when you isolate the problem . '' So much for support.India did state that they are receiving numerous calls from users who report similar affected system performance issues with SWP2006 . Great.Has Symantec gotten to the point where they have to give their products away ? After all , its all about the residual updates and re-registrations times millions of users where they make their money!As far as my system status , while waiting for Go Back to uninstall -LRB- as part of the entire suite -RRB- I decided to write this and share my experiences with you . Unfortunately I must concur , if you are satisfied with an existing Symantec Systemworks product ... DO NOT UPGRADE to SWP2006 . Symantec has done little if anything over the last few years to improve Systemworks . Renewals will allow you to receive updates/etc without the hassle of having as one writer put it ... `` to completely rebuild the entire system ! `` But all is not lost , Im still satisfied with the Systemworks 2005 Premier I have on my other systems . -LRB- I also have Internet Security Pro 2003 and I highly recommend this - it traces hack attempts with a global GPS map with network administrator contact info -RRB- ! You can still buy it if you poke around on Google.So long as I can roll back this installation -LRB- I 've been fortunate not to get burned in the redundant boot loops others are reporting -RRB- I 'll breathe a sigh of relief.SWP2006 ... cant recommend it !
 To put this review in context , please understand that I have been using Norton & Symantec since the old MS-DOS version of Norton , well before Symantec became involved . I have recommended them to anyone who asked me about the best utilities and anti-virus to use . I have been in the IT industry since the 1980 's and am extremely comfortable and experienced with PC 's and the MS operating systems.Over the years I have put up with increasing difficulty in the installation , removal and re-installation of Symantec and Norton products . Symantec products have sadly become behemoths sucking up system resources and requiring reboots at every turn.I wish I could say the NSW2006 Premier was a turn-around product , starting to fix the many , many issues I have encountered with each release . But it is not only no better than 2004 or 2005 , it seems to be worse.RESOURCE ISSUESThe system resource issue has become unbearable . I have the product installed on both a desktop and a laptop and both now have ridiculously slow boot up times -LRB- 8 minutes or more -RRB- . And once they boot fully , they remain slow for another 5 to ten minutes . I can watch the Task Manager process list and SEE the Norton and Symantec processes chew up CPU.PRODUCT FUNCTIONALITYI have had to re-install Norton AntiSpam until I am blue in the face . It will work for a while and then stop completely , although it is loaded and SEEMS to be running , it wo n't catch a single junk mail . After a reinstallation it works for a few days and then wham , it stops again until the next reinstallation.Symantec saw fit to stop distributing Password Manager with Norton Systemworks 2005 or later -LRB- it was part of the NSW2004 product -RRB- . So when I purchased and installed 2005 and 2006 , Password Manager was automatically uninstalled , requiring a manual install and reactivation each time ! And of course reboots every time -LRB- not to mention several reboots for misc . errors , etc -RRB- SUPPORT ISSUESRecently Password Manager -LRB- which I have been using since 2004 -RRB- required another Key Activation after a system restart unrelated to Norton -LRB- Password Manager had been in constant use since ' 04 . -RRB- Well THIS time it failed the server activation back at good ol' Symantec and refuses to run anymore since it has been `` activated too many times '' . In order for me to be able to use it I have to MAIL a copy of my original install CD -LRB- with the Activation Key label -RRB- to Symantec in California . There is NO online support option for this failure . Since I have been relying on Password Manager to store my passwords I am now password dysfunctional on many websites until their `` installation security manager '' can review my issue and respond to me . This situation is absolutely intolerable.I have had very mixed results with other Symantec problems . Although they have tried to be helpful and in some cases have not charged me for phone support when technically they could have , my overall experience of Symantec support is not very good . I have had two or three different `` techs '' recommend completely different solutions for the same problem when they could n't find records of my previous calls , forcing me to start over each time . And , like many companies , their support is farmed out overseas so the understandability of some techs is often difficult.SUMMARYI have finally uninstalled Norton Anti-Virus and Personal Firewall , leaving Norton Utilities hoping that the handy utilities it offers will not prove to be huge resource hogs by themselves . I downloaded the free trial of ZoneLabs ZoneAlarm Security Suite and so far have noticed a significant reduction of resource utilization and am very pleased with the simple interfaces , ease of configuration and - knock on wood - smooth operating anti-spam . Goodbye Symantec , hello ZoneLabs !
 Hi , I used Norton since I have a computer -LRB- I got my first in the early 90 's -RRB- . Now I bought Norton Systemworks 2006 Premier , and I installed it . After the installation I was n't able to boot my computer . I was able to go in BIOS , but after that my keyboard was deactivated by Norton . It started Norten GoBack . After that Windows XP should start , but it did n't . I was n't able to reinstall windows , 'cause my keyboard was deactivated -LRB- lol , I read
 I am not a computer noob . I am experienced at network and currently working on my comptia A + certification . I saw this for free after rebates and figured what the heck , why not ? I will honostly say this is the worst program I have used in my life . My computer went from running like its fresh athlon 3000 with 1 gig of ram to litterally slower than my 400 mghz pentium 2 with 128 mb if ram . NO JOKE ! I am very pissed off and def . do n't isntall norton go back . It is currently unistalling and is about half way done after an hour and a half . COMEON NORTON ! how does it take longer to unistall your darn program than to reformat my entire machine !!!!!!!!???????????????????? I will be calling Norton to try to get a refund and air my complaints . And Everyone else is telling the truth , my hard drive was constantly spinning when I was n't using the computer why?In conclusion DO N'T TOUCH THIS PROGRAM WITH A POOPY STICK
 NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER buy this product ! I installed in on my new laptop and as soon as it was done and said `` reboot '' , my system went into a NEVER ENDING reboot cycle . I thought I had something on my computer that caused my problem . After reloading Windows XP Pro , I decided to make it the first software I would add , no other software conflicts . SAME THING , REBOOT LOOP , OVER AND OVER AND OVER . How can they sell this kind of garbage ? I used 2003 , 2004 . Could NEVER get 2005 to install , alway an error message half way through . Maybe that was a blessing . 2006 WIPED OUT MY COMPUTER . DO NOT BUY AND DO NOT EXPECT SUPPORT WORTH A ... Support call put me in India to a person who could not get the spelling of my name and I could not understand her.DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT TO WASTE TWO DAYS RECOVERING YOUR SYSTEM .
 I have been buying Norton products since the mid 90 's with no major problems until now . Goback included in System Works 2006 has prevented my computer from booting resulting in my having to reformat my computer . Fortunately it was a brand new computer and I lost only time , not data . However in the process I learned that Symantec has no product support ! I have been waiting for 24 hours for a Paid -LRB- 29.95 -RRB- call back and it 's not happened . Luckily I have a second computer and was able to search the web for help on this and it 's not an uncommon problem . If it were free I would n't use it , because I paid for it I am furious . If you have a RAID drive stay away from this , if you have more than 1GB of memory , Stay away from this!Heck , stay away from this period . This had been a reliable product but it is now crap with no support !
 Generally speaking , as a provider of AntiVirus software , Norton has been more reliable than Mcafee . GoBack , however , is an abomination . As other reviewers have noted , start up time will increase by two or three magnitudes of order . There are background processes that constantly run that kill performance and response time . It also creates a documented problem when trying to add a secondary hard drive with GoBack installed , to a new computer . The secondary hard drive will not be recognized under `` my computer '' -LRB- rendering it totally useless -RRB- . The workaround ? Disable GoBack ! The solution ? Do n't by this piece of junk software in the first place .
 After installing the product suite , even trying to limit the background and startup options , performance of my P4 240Ghz with 384 MB RAM was noticeably degraded . The final straw was when I tried to play my favorite pinball game -LRB- several years old , and never a problem before -RRB- , and the ball would frequently jump or stutter , accompanied by a flurry of hard disk activity.Norton -LRB- actually , Symantec -RRB- , which long ago had a reputation for good support , now seems to offer no support at all , other than pay-per-minute phone support , and a knowledge base which returns out-of-date and mostly irrelevant answers . I could find no place on their support site to submit a question or even suggest that the problem be looked into.I uninstalled the entire product , and retried the pinball game , and it ran perfectly.Then I reinstalled , deselecting everything except AntiVirus . There was some degradation on the pinball again , but not to the level of the full suite . Annoying , but I can live with it.Next year , I will get AntiVirus standalone , or maybe try one of their virus protection competitors .
 I have read some of the other reviews and would like to say this ... I bought the NWS and NIS 2005 had little trouble -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- then suddenly in October it began to falter . Soon after they came out with NIS w / Antiwhatever for $ 10.00 , great idea except my subscription ended in December . After 3 attempts at rebooting , reloading and clean installiing my whole system and several hours like 2 days on the phone with India -LRB- out-sourcing -RRB- I got no where by Christmas I was still bantering with case managers and finally they said we 'll send it out free . The warehouse then sent the 3 copies of NIS promptly and I finally after more calls received my NWS on Valentine 's Day . They ended up giving me 1 CD for 3 lic 's and two weeks later another identical disc shows up . After installing I noticed a crawl between the NWS startup and GoBack . Often in terms of 5 minutes for a P4 w / 512 RAM and 70 % free Hard Drive ???? Come on !! Then I took off the Go Back -LRB- which took an equaly absurd time to unload -RRB- and discovered that the original problem I had with my Sony Vaio was still occuring , it was knocking out my controls over volume , brightness , Drive and port availability . I was lucky because one of my programs still had an override of the CD/DVD-RW and I burned 1 DVD in 25 minutes with 1.2 Gig on it . After that I dumped the control freak and had to essentially clean install again . I know just use the NIS 2006 . Good Luck and DO N'T BUY it MAKE them give it to you free .
 Do not install this on your computer . Your pc will be bloated with slow and over complex software . After uninstalling the System Works suite in XP the system rebooted and Norton GoBack starts to uninstall . Still waiting for that to complete over an hour later and I have a pretty fast PC . Do n't waste your time with this dog ... Norton used to be good but it 's junk now .
 This `` systemwork '' actually screw up my computer performance . I installed it on two different computer , and yield the same result
 I installed this program 2 times on my computer and thought to myself ... how could a program which is supposed to help me destroy my computer . My hard drive was erased . Technicians said everything was gone . Once everything was loaded back on , the computer ran much slower . I made the mistake of trying to install norton again and my computer crashed again . I makes no sense .
 I have had this product for 5 months and I have reached the last straw . I purchased it because it was cheaper then just getting Ghost alone -LRB- go figure -RRB- . After seeing how much of a resource hog the entire install was , I reinstalled with just Ghost . Of course now you have to install all the Symantec Windows services that check daily that you are allow to run it.Well tonight it came up and said I have reached my maximum allowed activations . How , as far as I know I 've only activated it once . I have it on one PC . But I do use it to clone my hard drives . I have 3 that I rotate through my system
 Do n't buy software you pay good money for only to have it disabled ! If I had known this was going to be disabled prematurely , I would have never had bought it.After getting an error message that the subscription was invalid , I call support and was told the software subscription was up despite the fact that I still 4 + months left on the subscription renewal.All I asked for for was the entire year subscription I purchased 11/7/2005 and am able to use the product -LRB- System Works 2004 -RRB- until that time . I think that 's reasonable , legitimate and legal as there was no agreement that I would have purchased another product to have the registration time applied to the product.Now the product is disabled and EVERY service is disabled as well . That means , no virus scan , no disk doctor -- nothing . Every service is disabled and the software is useless .
 I 've been using Norton Utilities since the MS DOS days , when it was truly a lifesaver . That was a long time ago.It still does a reasonable job keeping viruses out , tuning up hard drives , and a few other useful tasks , although it takes a lot of memory and computer resources to do it.But the response from customer support when the activation `` feature '' failed after installation -LRB- thereby allowing me only 15 days of product use for software that I purchased -RRB- was unforgiveable . I was told that the software had already been installed , according to their records , and so I would have to buy new software . When I persuaded the support person to tell me when the installation had occured , I was given dates for 4 installations , all of which occurred before I bought the software!The result ? No apology , no activation key , just a list of everything related to my purchase -LRB- CD , manual , etc. -RRB- and instructions to mail it all to Ireland ... Symantec is in California , I live in California!I will be exploring the many free or low cost software packages that perform the same functions better than Norton , with less impact on system performance , and without the grief -LRB- run a Google search sometime to see what it takes to remove Norton once its installed ... you 'll be shocked -RRB-
 First of all , it is completely useless . Second , it will make your system slower than an old-old-old turtle . Also , if you want to unistall it -LRB- you will after 2-3 days believe me -RRB- the whole procedure takes FOREVER !!! At least 4-5 hours . And after I unistalled it from my computer it had a complete breakdown and I had to do format ... Do n't waste a single penny for that bul ... Giorgos .
 This program does NOT work properly with Windows XP Home Edition with SP2.In fact , Norton Express Cleanup wo n't work at all - ERROR
 I 've been a happy Norton user since it was Norton and not Symantec . Over the years they made improvements and added capabilities to the product that were much needed and much appreciated . Once in a while , they would `` improve '' some element so it was no longer useful . Easier to use , but useless in functionality . Usually it was n't the whole product suite that suffered.Now Symantec has managed to make most of the 2006 Premier edition useless . Ghost will no longer easily allow you to create a standalone image of your drive on CD or DVD . You have to search through the `` advanced '' settings until you find the correct setting . The new `` features '' for monitoring security and update status slow the boot/restart process to a crawl and while it 's doing it 's scan , the CPU becomes painfully overworked and unresponsive . This , by the way , on a 64-bit platform with 2GB RAM and over a terrabyte in rather quick disk space.The utilities portion appears to still be functional , but I certainly would not upgrade to 2006 from 2005 . Save your money and keep the frustrations to a minimum.I purchased the upgrade as a download and spent 4 hours trying to get the DigitalRiver server to download the ISO for the Recovery CD.As soon as I can get the RMA I 'm sending it back and reverting to 2005 with Ghost 9 that actually provides useful capabilities.If Symantec gets enough of 2006 back , maybe they 'll decide to `` unfix '' it and make it useful again . Until then I sticking with my 2005 . Still buggy , but waaaaay better than 2006 .
 What a piece of trash ! Trying to activate the product ended up in a locked up computer . Going to their web site for product support , your options are to read their endless list of manuals , or use the supposedly `` auto-fix '' tool . Yeah right ! The autofix tool would n't run because it could not run the ActiveX controls . It recommended that I turned off the personal firewall , changed the explorer security settings , etc. . . all which I did to no avail . Now what ? Thinking about calling a live person ? Be ready to pay $ 30 to place a support call.I guess I just paid $ 70 for a coaster ...
 It does nothing that other software , either bundled with Windows or free from Microsoft or other sources ca n't do . The antivirus can be purchased stand alone if you really want it.Norton is an unfriendly company ; their customer service is not particularly helpful ; their software is difficult to activate ; try to reinstal it `` too many '' times because of hard disc failure and they will lock you out from activating permanently.A one star review is appropriate .
 Since installing Systemworks 2006 basic , I have had nothing but problems . Slow boots were the least of my worries . CPU usage at 100 % was annoying . Everything loaded ... eventually , but then I started getting error messages -LRB- server execution failed , 0X80080005 , error 9999 , 172 -RRB- for no reason . I went to the web site , followed their directions -LRB- of course , autofix did n't work , even though active-x was allowed -RRB- and did the modifications , which they had n't proofread since the intstructions changed several days later to check rather than uncheck a box , again without any change . Then I tried to uninstall Systemworks but I keep getting an error message for that , too , saying files are missing . Well , the files were there , nothing was deleted , what happened?I had upgraded via online download and went back to get the necessary files . They STILL are non-existant and will not allow me to uninstall Systemworks . I 'm to the point where I will re-format my drive and start over , WITHOUT ANY SYMANTEC PRODUCTS.I 've hesitated using Norton in the past but thought it was better than McAfee . I have Vcom System Suite6 on my laptop and have never had any issues . Even though I have 7 months left on my subscription to Systemworks , I will go with Vcom on my desktop when I start over.They say `` never say never '' but I WILL SAY NEVER AGAIN TO SYMANTEC PRODUCTS .
 This mix of utilities/programs has problems . I had to reinstall my whole system because of buggy install , or incompatibility between Ghost and GoBack . Goback and Ghost apparently do not work together in any proper way . Maybe two completely different ideas , but here 's what happened
 When you install Norton Systemworks -LRB- NSW -RRB- , you will find it adds the Norton Protection Center -LRB- NPC -RRB- icon to your toolbar . Every time you log in , the NPC goes through a long rigamarole of checking your applications . If you choose to disable Automatic Live Update or Windows Updates -- I check these manually myself every week in order to speed up my log in time -- NPC flashes error messages at you . You ca n't set NPC to ignore these items , and the only way you can turn off the NPC is to disable it in your system services settings . However , NSW will keep trying to load the NPC , thus slowing down your log in and throwing error indications into your event viewer . If that is n't enough to irritate you , Norton will screw you on your rebate . I carefully sent in all required items for my rebate , only to get a postcard from Norton saying my proof of purchase was missing . Obviously , Norton lost what I sent in , but there 's no way to prove that now -- they have my proof of purchase already !
 I purchased Norton Systemswork Premier . I used it without difficulty for several months . Then one afternoon -LRB- 19-Nov-2006 -RRB- , I started getting an error message everytime an application requested a virus scan . The message indicated that Norton was trying to configure itself and said that msi files must be run from setup . I tried to uninstall Norton , but the uninstall failed . From that point on , every file that I tried to open was judged to be infected . A very important MSWORD file was deleted as were my . dot files . My computer became virtually unusable . Norton Systemworks Premier is worse than a virus . I would have given this product zero stars , but one is the minimum allowed .
 If you are thinking about purchasing this product
 We bought the software after a WOC demo . It looked promising . After installing it and going through some live training we started using it . After using it I was surprised at how difficult it was to move around in the take-off window . I was disappointed at the lack of layers , even though they claimed the supported layers . I found that the software would not run on both my desk top and laptop as they claimed in the demo . I was disappointed that every time I opened excel , even for just a regular spreadsheet , it now took 10 time longer than before I installed the software and many times a nag window popped up saying I needed to upgrade . When I would click the up grade button the upgrade would fail . Worst of all for me was I pretty quickly found that is does not open all PDF 's as claimed . I called tech support and was told if I spent $ 200 more then it would do what I wanted . I installed the new software and still it does not work as promised . Called again and was told for $ 150 more it would work . So I tried it and still it does not work . So I called again and they went through the try this , uninstall that , try this other thing . After about 15 hours of debugging their software I called it quits . I asked for a refund because there software did not work as advertised and was told too bad.This is not a good company , they do not stand behind their product . They just try to get you to pay extra and then they do n't fix their bad software .
 I got Caillou 's Kindergarten for my daughter who will start kindergarten in the fall . There were multiple problems with the product . First , when you start the CD , the voice says `` Welcome to Caillou 's Preschool '' -LRB- instead of Kindergarten -RRB- and then vocally gives options to select games about the alphabet , colors/shapes , and coloring . Yet , the actual options -LRB- the ones written on the screen -RRB- are for Caillou 's Counting , Thinking Skills , and Coloring & Creativity Part 2 . Nowhere on the CD can you select the options that were given vocally . I contacted the company and they said they will not fix the problem because it does n't effect the game play . Yet it completely confuses the consumers since they ca n't choose the options mentioned . My daughter wanted to play the colors/shapes games , and no such games existed on the CD ! I actually returned the product to get a replacement , thinking it was a bad disk , but the next CD had the exact same problems.Additionally , the written menu said `` Coloring & Creativity Part 2 '' . There is no Part 1 on the CD , yet another confusing aspect . Also , there is only one game in that section , whereas the other two sections had numerous games to choose from , leaving the parent wondering if there were supposed to be more.Only the Dad 's voice is heard in the English version , a disappointment to those hoping to hear one of the many other characters speak . The designers of the software could have done so much more with this product but chose not to.Finally , the product was way too easy for my daughter , who has not yet started kindergarten . This CD is much more appropriate for preschoolers . Overall , it is a poorly created , overpriced CD that I would not recommend to others .
 The above review labeled `` A Consumer '' who reviewed this product in 2004 nailed it right on the head . I got my preschooler -LRB- who just turned 4 -RRB- this game for Christmas 2 days ago and he 's already completed all of the levels -LRB- took about 15 minutes to finish it -RRB- and he is bored with it already . Everything the above reviewer said about the game is accurate , I 'm extremely disappointed in this product . From the verbal menu being wrong to there being no `` part 1 '' of the coloring game . Obviously the designers of this game have n't cared enough to fix it if it is still having the same issues 51/2 years later.Also , he was playing one of the games
 I bought Caillou Kindergarten thinking it would help my children with french and spanish , but it 's really more useful if you already understand french and spanish . I also noticed that the narration sometimes does n't match the written words ; the CD is about math and the narration of the menu is about the alphabet . My kids really enjoy playing the games , but sometimes I think it 's a waste of time they could be learning something else . So we only use it in spanish , that we can understand better . Maybe later we will be able to use it in french . Also , the flashcards that came in the box do n't match the content of the CD . The CD is about numbers and the flashcards about letters . I still think it can be useful if your child needs to learn computer skills . The box says Kindergarten , but my 3 year-old daughter can do it really well . As I said , it 's great if you already know spanish or french and is teaching your child a second language .
 The CD requires Mac classic mode which is completely outdated . It will not work with any current Mac OS X operating system .
 Excitment , Suspense , and Action all combine in order of this thrilling computer game . As you install this game on your computer in which you have a 3D video card a 200 megahertz pentium processor , 32Mb RAM , over 8 Gb hard drive space , a 24x speed CD rom processor , and a 28.8 kbps modem , you find yourself drooling over the options as you read your manual . You then watch the first scenes in awe that such a great storyline is built in a game , and you think to yourself as you prepare your team of specialists to enter the first mission that this game is too good to be true . Well unfortunately it is . This is the excitment part . Next comes suspense when your computer unexpectadly and randomly freezes throughout the menu and first mission . The suspense is will it freeze before or after the menu ? Will you be inside the first mission when it happens ? Then comes action . After trying nonestop for 2 hours everything in your power to maximize free resources so this program can work , you pick up your 30 pound computer chair and throw it at the monitor of your computer out of frustration . I am just hoping now that I can get it to work correctly by the time I update the number of MB Ram that I have . I just have to say thank you Tom Clancy for letting me waste $ 40 . I would 've been better off burning those 2 $ 20 bills , the fire does n't freeze on you half way through the show .
 this game depicks people being brutaly murderd by swat teams . I think that this is not just only the most violent game i half ever played , but its full of bugs that have crashed my computer a few times . I recomend that parents keep their kids away from them getting use to killing people .
 This was more boring than fun . It took too much time to plan out the missions . And the actual game play with action did not last very long . I thought this game was pretty boring . If you like to plan out your missions it might be fun . But I prefer going straingt to the action .
 I told my little friend I could get this movie for a great price as he was paying for it himself . It never showed up . Called the dealer , the post office , checked the mail address . . no game . . no nuttin ! Do n't buy from this dealer . They do not care if you receive your games or not ! They go their money .
 I am unable to register and use this product due to a problem at the manufacturers website . I have received no return emails or phone calls . Product is unusable as I have received it .
 I bought the Windows version . It works OK for a while , then stops initializing on startup , LEAVING THE INTERNET WIDE OPEN FOR YOUR KIDS . Intego tech support very , very poor . Only suggestion has been to uninstall/reinstall , which I have done many times . I 've seen others with the Windows version having the same problem . Do n't know about their Mac version , but I 'm not impressed with Intego .
 I have been a user of Microsoft Money for a number of years , and have finally decided to return to Quicken after spending countless hours -LRB- on more than one occasion -RRB- debugging bizarre issues and unwinding transactions that Money has decided -LRB- often mysteriously -RRB- to name or categorize FOR me . I spent three days tracking down a vendor who had apparently charged me $ 490 over the course of a month only to discover that the transactions were normal ATM withdrawals that Money had just decided to import from the online bank as being from that particular vendor . As a small business owner , that sort of stuff is just way too scary to tolerate in any software package . Stay away unless you are a super-basic user , or super , super advanced and willing to deal with it .
 BUYER BEWARE!I spoke with 3 Microsoft support technicians and never did get a resolution to a major problem with the Planner section . When attempting to prepare a phased Retirement Plan , the program apparently has a mind of its own and would insert its own version of retirement $ inflows in downstream years . I stepped through the program with various technicians so they could see that the program really does spontaneously insert its own versions of retirement $ inflows . The support technicians seemed to recognize the problem , but offered no resolutions.From my point-of-view , the program code/algorithms are unreliable and not to be trusted . What internal miscalculations are happening in other sections of the program ? I plan to dispose of this program and purchase an alternative .
 I bought the current 2003 version and previously the 2001 version in hopes of getting a new perspective . I have used Quicken since it 's begining and was looking for a change . In neither version of microsoft could I convert my quicken files . In fact the 2003 version locks up my computer whenever I try to convert . I have followed the instructions and could get no help from Microsoft . I again resorted to upgrade my Quicken software and I 'm giving up on MS Money forever . Twice bitten , etc. .
 I have used MS Money for many years upgrading every 2 to 3 versions . I recently received notice that Microsoft will not support online banking for the 2003 version . It is frustrating and disturbing to be forced to purchase an upgrade to process basic banking transactions . They have lost a customer to Intuit here .
 I am not entirely happy with this release . Microsoft seems to be moving backwards in basic functionality and instead spending their time integrating Money with their web site . I used to be able to create a budget based on my spending habits ... this feature was apparently removed . I have to enter each budget item by hand . A simple matter of transfering money between accounts on paper is sometimes difficult since certain accounts do n't show up where I would expect them to . Setting up a new checking account that I 've had for a while was also very hard -- I could not get Money to agree with my bank without entering several -LRB- big -RRB- fudge factors and I was importing the data from my bank . There are also several minor nuances such as labeling my account history graph as a future expected spending graph -LRB- when I selected a specific time frame -RRB- . My brokerage account does not list cash entering or leaving my account -- the cash balance is included in the total , but I can not seem to find the cash in the account registy anywhere , so I have to calculate how much free cash I have from my current stock value and the total listed amount or go online to my brokerage web page . Ok , these are minor , but it shows me how little effort Microsoft spent on basic every day features I use . I 'm constantly having to fight the software to do basic work . It used to be much easier . To add insult to injury , Microsoft rejected my rebate with a letter saying that they need the entire box top for the rebate -- I trimmed the box top to fit the envelope making sure that the UPC code is intact . They did not return the part of the box top I sent , so there is no way I can possibly comply with the rebate program at all now . I do like parts of Money 2003 and I 'll still keep using this software , but if I could do this purchase over again , I would choose a different product . I 've been using this software for about three months now .
 I have been using Money software for years and every time I upgrade there is a several day adjusting period where I absoultely hate the new version . So it is understandable that after installing the Deluxe edition I was n't that worried with how much I disliked the software . One month into using it I can definitely say that this is waste of money and time.Microsoft has oversimplified and restricted the software . For example , if you have a debt plan you are not allowed to decide how much money should go to which debt account , Money decides for you ! And if you are not happy with that decision , tough , the only way to enter the transactions is manually and then the debt account does n't track them.What a reviewer before me mentioned about pre-tax deductions from the paycheck not translating into retirement contributions is absolutely correct . So if you have several accounts , you have to do a lot of manual entering every month.The software has 2 options for downloading your online statements . Normally you will use the first option -LRB- Direct Banking -RRB- to download your balance statement from the bank and the second one -LRB- Web service -RRB- to get your statements from your bill pay . However , Micorosoft has disabled the feature that allows the software to match these two statements -LRB- for people who do n't know what I am talking about , eventually your bill paid through the bill pay will show up on your bank statement as well -RRB- and you end up with duplicate transactions . The only way to get rid of these is manually deleting each duplicate . The 2001 Deluxe had no trouble recognizing those transactions as duplicates.The previous software also had a feature that allowed mortgage rates comparison and how much will you can save if you pay more to the principal each month and which was useful to me . It is gone in this version or buried somewhere , so I ca n't find it . Instead I have all these scenarios what will happen if I die or if another disaster strikes , which are of no use.The porfolio part of the software is OK , meaning that it does what I need it to do
 I bought this program as a replacement for an ageing version of Quicken , but I am beginning to wish I had not bothered . I have had corruptions in which I had to export all transactions from all accounts , create a new file , then re-import . Just lately though , Money keeps dropping transactions or adding its own . The result is that what Money says I have is completely different to what my online bank statement says I have . This happens even after I have reconciled against my latest statement . The reconciled balance changes completely and I have to back track to find what transactions Money has dropped or added , and all this when I have set it up to automatically download transactions from my banks online banking facility .
 After using Money 2003 for a year the online stock quote update function just stopped working . No warnings , no message , no nothing . After searching the web and reading the fine print I discovered that it will stop working 1 year from the date of registration or first use . Typical MS tactics . I am going to pick up a copy of Quicken .
 This program has been useful for tracking my day to day expenses and income . However , with my skills I could write a better and easier to use program if that was all I needed . As far as what I actually bought the program for , cash flow analysis and investment and retirement tracking , it is third rate . The pre-tax deductions from my paycheck do not translate directly into the retirement contributions . Also , I have to do an individual purchase of stocks in my 401k each paycheck . In reality the contribution is by percentage into each mutual fund . Money 2003 will not allow you to select percentages and automatically purchase mutual fund shares . Also , the portfolio analysis is the usual `` do n't sue us '' pap . In order to track my total net worth in any kind of intelligent way I had to buy the cheesy investment tracking version . This should be standard as it is below par and not worth the extra money . In addition , the cash flow analysis is primitive and not flexible enough for my purposes . Finally , I have had a total failure of the program in which I had to reinstall all the software . No data was lost , but I have more inportant ways to spend my valuable time . Quite frankly , I believe financial software is overdue for some competition .
 What happened when I investigated whether I could hook my online billpay feature of my checking account into Money 's program left me breathless and confused . In a few short minutes , a Wizard swept me through a series of vague and rapid-succession screens that apparently left me with an MSN/Hotmail user name connected through Microsoft Money , an MSN Money online account , a Microsoft . Net passport , a Microsoft Messenger membership and I was apparently a new paying subscriber for a Microsoft `` premium '' online bill payment service . Microsoft Money then connected itself to these various entities and services and exchanged information with them , presumably my financial and personal information . The high-pressure software hustle included a screen that asked me if I would like to know more about free online bill payment features , in which I ended up stuck at a screen that asked me which bill payment program I wanted , in which the $ $ - fee `` premium '' program was the _ only _ selection , and it could n't be `` unselected '' . I also could n't back out or proceed without programmatically disrupting the wizard . -LRB- I do n't like to disrupt online transactions by pulling the plug as that can result in a broken process where you have no receipts or confirmations and the status of your registrations are in some undefined state that can take a long time , if not forever , to resolve . -RRB- Microsoft Money has ads displayed in dead spaces of its screens , as does Quicken , but it also has , on its central navigation screens , links to premium -LRB- i.e. costs $ $ -RRB- Microsoft services and other Microsoft products listed alongside -- and among -- Microsoft Money program links so that a new user would n't know he or she was starting up a marketing applet by clicking on what appears to be a program `` feature '' . And , as described above , the marketing applet sequences are vague and do n't unambiguously identify themselves as being separate from core program functionality , and in some cases may leave you no clear options to back out of online subscription processes you have initiated.Like most Microsoft products , the thrust of the development effort appears to be in dumbing down the user 's job to make it as no-brainer as possible , in this case through the agressive use of Wizards that do a lot of thinking for you . But the attempt to match the no-brainer user interfaces with the technical accounting software below was at best only partly effective . There were some logical errors in how the GUI-guided processes -LRB- i.e. `` Wizards '' -RRB- connected to the core financial processing routines underlying them , and these errors could not be corrected after the record was established , rendering some features unworkable . For example , when adding a mortgage , I opted to track payment from the conception of the mortgage , and entered the original mortgage value , etc. only to find once the wizard was over that the program instead loaded that value as the current outstanding principal . Since it could not be changed , I deleted it and redid the entry instead opting to track the mortgage from the start of this year , which worked , but was not the feature I preferred.The toolbars and menus were poorly designed , with unsystematic organization and inconsistent naming conventions . For example , its toolbars were an immature and disorganized aggregation of too much stuff , with some stuff that was arrayed side-by-side being at mismatched logical and functional levels . Some tags were so ambiguous in their catch-all naming , it really complicated efforts to find clickable ways to do even simple things . It 's as if , after being overly invested in the use of Wizards to drive user interfacing , the developers had no coherent use cases or application design concepts , and things just got shoved here and there until every feature 's button had a someplace to sit . Accounting software is technical and can be complex , and Quicken 's user interface is more balanced , matured and accessible at many levels.After a couple of less-than-happy days working with Money , I installed Quicken and used that for the first time , too . In my opinion , Quicken is the clear standard in all respects . I did n't see any of the glitches or performance problems the overheated pro-Microsoft reviewers criticizing Quicken described . Quicken connected to the online accounts I asked it to hook up with and updated itself and my definition of that account . It 's very accessible as there are several ways to the same things , making it easy for someone to figure things out on the fly . I will definitely have to spend some time with the `` Help '' feature and will probably buy a Quicken How-to book , but the software is very similar to professional accounting software in look and feel and I am quite confident with the choice.I would agree Microsoft Money is better for people who need wizards to take over and do one 's technical or analytical thinking . If you know you will never earn the label `` power user '' for any software application and/or if you 're dependent on that MS Word paperclip that interrupts you , announcing things like `` It looks like you 're trying to write a letter . Would you like help ? '' , you would probably be much happier with Microsoft Money . But for those people who are comfortable using a program 's `` Help '' feature , a book , and/or a combination of online resources to learn a good , technical software package , all those dumbed-down and glitchy Wizards that Microsoft Money uses are inefficient and limiting whereas Quicken is tight , mature and effective , and still the standard for good computer users .
 I have used Quicken for 10 + years - so I have a pretty good size database . I have tried for two days to get Money to convert the Quicken file without any success . I keep getting an Out of Memory Error and a bad conversion . A check of the MS web site shows others are having the same problem . The conversion results that I do get are accounts with the wrong balances - IRA accounts come in as two accounts - one with the wrong balance and the other with zero - or better yet another incorrect balance . Maybe I could clean it up - but I am not sure I would ever trust the results .
 I switched from Quicken to Money this year . The -LSB- money -RSB- I saved is not worth it AT ALL . I have had nothing but problems since - bugs and errors . I am switching back regardless of the price.My advice
 Money 2002 had problems , but 2003 is far worse . The initial install refused to use the Money 2002 backups , or archival files . Worse yet , when we deleted 2003 and reinstalled 2002 , we found that 2003 had corrupted all of our backup files , and none of the 2002 backups -LRB- 5 of them -RRB- could be read . As usual , Microsoft support was useless ... they said what we already knew ... . Yes thats a known bug , and you 'll have to recreate everything from the beginning . Big help . Stay far away from Money !
 Please read the EULA -LRB- end user license agreement -RRB- . Microsoft , in their usual sneaky fashion , have inserted a new clause that makes certain online update features expire after a certain period of time forcing you to purchase the next version of this software in 2004 .
 I had been using Money Standard 2002 for about 1 year to track my basic finances . It does this fine . I like that I can download my credit card statement and categorize all my purchases . It also makes balancing my bank accounts quick work . I really feel like I have taken control of my finances . However , although I 've never used Quicken , I 'm sure it or just about any financial program will be able to do this very basic stuff.Beyond these basic functions , I have found alot of problems and limitations . I find the budget section to be very annoying . If I buy something and categorize it , Money will assume that I will be spending this amount in this category every month . I do n't want it to do that !! Evertime I check to see if I am in budget I have to closely review to make sure all my expenses are correct.Also , when I try to generate certain types of reports , it will not allow me to include/exclude certain accounts or purchase categories so the final data is useless to me . For some reason , when I run a report and then re-run it excluding certain income categories it actually shows that I have more money available ! Bottom line is that I do n't trust most of the reports.Anyway , I 'm planning on buying a house and decided to upgrade to Money Deluxe because it supposidly had tools to assist in this area and at the price after rebates why not . Very big disappointment . The house buying ` tools ' are very minimal and do not work properly . When I enter in the loan info and my info , it incorrectly calculates that I can afford a $ 0 house at a payment of $ 8000 a month ! If I add a couple of 0 's to my income then it will -LRB- accurately -RRB- calculate the payments for a multimillion dollar house . I had played with a version of Money that came with Office 97 many years ago and it had some very nice tools for calculating the benefits of extra payments and other things . Most of these tools -LRB- the reason I decided to upgrade -RRB- have vanished.I wish Microsoft would focus on more on fixing the existing problems and giving useful tools then adding pretty buttons and audio/video commentary on everything . If they did that , they might have a good product on their hands.If it cost any more then the price I paid for it , I would have returned it and gone back to Money Standard .
 Accounting programs , even if they are fully connected to your accounts , demand a lot of time manually entering , checking and correcting data . Before you use any accounting program , you should ask yourself
 What happened when I investigated whether I could hook my online billpay feature of my checking account into Money 's program left me breathless and confused . In a few short minutes , a Wizard swept me through a series of vague and rapid-succession screens that apparently left me with an MSN/Hotmail user name connected through Microsoft Money , an MSN Money online account , a Microsoft . Net passport , a Microsoft Messenger membership and an apparently paying subscriber for a Microsoft `` premium '' online bill payment service . Microsoft Money connected to these various entities and services and exchanged my information with them . The high-pressure software hustle included a screen that asked me if I would like to know more about free online bill payment features , in which I ended up stuck at a screen that asked me which bill payment program I wanted , in which the $ $ - fee `` premium '' program was the _ only _ selection , and it could n't be `` unselected '' . I also could n't back out or proceed without programmatically disrupting the wizard . -LRB- I do n't like to disrupt online transactions by pulling the plug as that can result in a broken process where you have no receipts or confirmations and the status of your registrations are in some undefined state that can take a long time , if not forever , to resolve . -RRB- Microsoft Money not only displays its own and third-party ads in its user interface but its aggressive Wizards sweep you into Microsoft product/online services marketing sequences , using bait-and-switches . Money also has links to Microsoft products and services displayed along with Money program feature lists and program displays so that a new user clicking for features would n't know he or she were starting up a marketing applet . The marketing sequences are ambiguous and misleading , proceeding as if they were core program features Wizards . In fact , several Money features require subscription to the online Microsoft services , whereas Quicken permits greater independence from its online products.Like most Microsoft products , the thrust of the development effort appears to be in dumbing down the user 's job to make it as no-brainer as possible , in this case through the use of extremely proactive Wizards that do a lot of thinking for you . The attempt to match the no-brainer user interfaces with the technical accounting software below was at best only partly effective . There were some logical errors in how the GUI-guided processes -LRB- i.e. `` Wizards '' -RRB- connected to the core financial processing routines underlying them , and these errors could not be corrected after the record was established , rendering some features unworkable . For example , when adding a mortgage , I opted to track payment from the conception of the mortgage , and entered the original mortgage value , etc. only to find once the wizard was over that the program instead loaded that value as the current outstanding principal . Since it could not be changed , I deleted it and redid the entry instead opting to track the mortgage from the start of this year , which worked , but was not the feature I preferred.The toolbars and menus were poorly designed , with unsystematic organization and inconsistent naming conventions . For example , its toolbars were an immature and disorganized aggregation of too much stuff , with some stuff that was arrayed side-by-side being at mismatched logical and functional levels . Some tags were so ambiguous in their catch-all naming , it really complicated efforts to find clickable ways to do even simple things . It 's as if , after being overly invested in the use of Wizards to drive user interfacing , the developers had no coherent use cases or application design concepts , and things just got shoved here and there until every feature 's button had a someplace to sit . Accounting software is technical and can be complex , and Quicken 's user interface is more balanced , matured and accessible at many levels.Quicken is the clear standard in all respects . I did n't see any of the glitches or performance problems the overheated pro-Microsoft reviewers criticizing Quicken described . Quicken connected to the online accounts I asked it to hook up with and updated itself and my definition of that account . It 's very accessible as there are several ways to the same things , making it easy for someone to figure things out on the fly . I will definitely have to spend some time with the `` Help '' feature and will probably buy a Quicken How-to book , but the software is very similar to professional accounting software in look and feel and I am quite confident with the choice.I would agree Microsoft Money is better for people who need wizards to take over and do one 's technical or analytical thinking . If you are dependent on that MS Word paperclip that interrupts you , announcing things like `` It looks like you 're trying to write a letter . Would you like help ? '' , you would probably be happier Microsoft Money . But for those people who understand that you can use a program 's `` Help '' , a book , and/or a combination of online resources to learn even complicated , technical software , all those dumbed-down and glitchy Wizards Microsoft Money uses are inefficient and limiting whereas Quicken is tight , mature and effective , and still the standard .
 I am an engineer and use computers all day , every day.I have been using Money 2002 for almost a year now , and I am still struggling with the horrible budget functionality.It completely ties your hands with how you want to track your budget . For instance , when I make a credit card payment , you generally categorize it under a special category that Money creates such as `` Credit Card Payment
 I 've had Money 2003 now for a few months , and it 's been up and down . Some of the features like when you type in a payee and Money usually figures out the correct category -- example , type `` In-N-Out Burger '' , and Money puts in `` Food : Dining Out '' as the category -- are nice , if not a little scary -LRB- how do it know ? -RRB- . But since installing it , I 've had to rebuild my entire database from scratch . I was having dialogue boxes pop up all the time saying `` That command is not allowed '' when I was n't trying to do anything but select a transaction to work with . I 'd hit `` OK '' on a couple of dialogues , and it was fine until I selected another transaction . This was such an annoyance that I reinstalled Money , only to find out that it did the same thing with my backup file . So , I had to reconstruct my file . Bummer.The other major gripe that I have is the difficulty that I have in just doing basic things . Money has so many wizards and so many `` user-friendly '' -LRB- read
 I have been a quicken fan for many years . Money has some nice additional features . One reason I will not go with Money is they will not allow you to define and assign my own group . Microsoft defines the groups and will not let you change tham . I want the advantage of definging the groups that make sense in my life and run reports based on these groups .
 I have used MS money for several years , and found it to be an acceptable product . This year I upgrade to the business edition to help manage my small business . Unfortunately the program features provided for business are not complete enough to be useful . The limitations of the invoices are a good example . There is no way to record a discount given to a particular customer . Also , there is no way to record the credit card fee subtracted from each transaction . Finally the invoice is so rigid there is no way to annotate particular items with explanatory notes.Also , several of my financial institutions are set up to interwork with Quicken , but do not interwork with Money .
 I purchased Money 2003 Deluxe & Business to include my wife 's self-employed service business . The regular ` home ' part of the program is fairly good and has lots of feature . The business part lacks quite a bit in several areas . The invoice designer would n't save a modified version on my Win 98 machine but works on Win Me on my notebook . Modification are rather limited . Certain fields have to stay in a certain frames within the Invoice . Worse , payment of invoices does n't allow to enter a check number . When a payment is received and put into an account it becomes divorced from the invoice . The invoice shows having been paid but it is no longer associated with the actual payment entry . Makes it very hard to look and and figure out when problems arise . Also the business reports are almost un customizable except in a few minor things . Very frustrating . Accounts ca n't be designated as business accounts , distinguished from home accounts . Also ` project ' information can not be put on invoices . Fields -LRB- such as customer name -RRB- are limited in size . Some Businesses have more than 20 or so characters in their name!Anyway , it looks like we will be buying the Quicken equivalent . From the ` tour ' of the Quicken site at least we can enter a check number against an invoice !
 If I ever had a recommendation not to buy a product this is it . The questions you may have of course will be passed and passed around Microsoft support until you have absolutely no answer . I am taking this disaster off my computer and burning it . Do yourself a favor , go buy a ledger and pencil before you waste your time on this software .
 Frustrating program , frustrating help system . Most features do not work . Worthless for business .
 This product is n't any better than version 3.0 for Windows 3.1 . In fact , the only big differences between the two products are that this one is more bloated and more buggy . It 's too expensive for what it is , and they should really be paying me for using this piece of garbage.There 's a title for Microsoft Works 7.0 users , and that title is `` beta tester . ''
 I had to upgrade to MS Works 7.0 due to Y2K issues . I am not nearly as satisfied with MS Wortks 7.0 as I was with MS Works 4.5 . I am now searching for a replacement .
 If you are buying this to use the spreadsheet option it is fairly ok . It does n't have alot of the features that Microsoft Excel has . The calender is a so-so option . It would be nice if on the calender it would let you see one month at a time without running some of the remainder of other months on the screen at the same time . Also on the calender option when you go to enter a Birthday you have to put a starting time and an ending time . I did n't realize that birthdays had a starting and an ending time . I usually consider the birthday to be the whole day . Also as far as the spreadsheet it is not much to speak of because unless you know a little about spreadsheets they do give you some templates on the web but a very limited amount . Not much to choose from there . But then agan what do you expect with such a low purchase price . I agree with the earlier reviewer think twice about buying this one . I suggest you do your homework wisely . I am pretty sure that you can find other companies products for just a little more dollars that packs a much bigger punch .
 1 . The address book that is included is only accessible from Outlook Express , not from the integrated MS Word software . So what good is a word processor that can not access an address book for printing envelops or doing a mail merge ? From what I could find on the internet this was done by design . The logic of this is incomprehensible , or perhaps reprehensible .2 . If you are unfortunate enough to have generated an address file using the works spreadsheet program you can not read it using Word to generate mailing labels . You can , however , use Excel files with Word , but MS Works does not include Excel , just the decontented Excel they call the Works spreadsheet . So lucky you , you get to convert the file to Excel 97 or earlier before its readable by Word .3 . Avoid using the `` helpful '' task descriptions under the Works program tab for mail merge . It wo n't work . Go directly to Word with your `` converted '' works spreadsheet file .4 . It would be faster and less frustrating to address labels with a pencil .
 Microsoft Word is a very good word processor , but if you use to work with macros , I strongly advise against upgrade to Word 2002 . This version of the most famous word processor seems to be a step back instead forward . At least my experience with it says so.In older versions of Word you are able to record macros by performing a sequence of actions . In Word 2002 you can do the same , but with one important difference
 I loaded Word 2002 only . It caused the processor to run at 100 % all the time that word was active . It would take 30 to 120 seconds to type one character then another or to click on a tool bar item and have it open . All service packs were installed , and did n't cure the problem . When I deleted Works from My computer it caused all WMF files to show up in oriental letters . This program like most Microsoft software it is over priced , buggy and a waste of money . LONG LIVE WORD PERFECT ! My computer is running Win . 2000 PRO , service pack 3 , 512meg of memory and an AMD 750 Processor . Also jpg . wmf , gif files would no longer work with thumbnail views .
 I purchased MS Money 2003 . After opening the box , I discovered this little sheet inside it that said `` Expiration of Certain Features '' and basically explained that the most useful feature i.e. `` Online quotes '' will expire one year from activation requiring me to purchase MS Money 2004 or continue to use a piece of software that is pretty much useless.I have been using MS Money for a couple of years -LRB- currently using Money 2002 -RRB- but I will not install Money 2003 and will return the software . I would not recommend purchasing this software as it becomes useless after one year!I would like Microsoft to remove this restriction on MS Money 2003 where certain features -LRB- actually the most useful features -RRB- expire in one year .
 Money is an excellent program , as I had switched to it from Quicken . I feel it does a better job in terms of reports , use & feel , and has many more options.However , I recently came across the one major flaw that I had heard previously about . I had to re-format my OS hard drive due to a system crash . I had three Money backups - one on my other hard drive , one on floppy , and one on CD.A year 's worth of work is now down the drain because Money will not recognize any of the previous backup files . I had heard of this software glitch from others , but I am here to tell you that it is true.I guess I am going back to Quicken . Even with all of the automated tools , this is a lot of work . I do n't trust the backup system anymore and am not looking forward to re-entering all of my data over again . What a shame , because otherwise , this is a nice program .
 I have been using Microsoft Money for many years and been pleased . I made the biggest mistake by upgrading to 2003 . I had never bounced a check until now . It 's register keeping is very confusing . It enters the electronic payments with a date of several days before it is due and it is very hard to tell how much money you actually have in the bank without calling and verifying with the bank . I am seriously considering switching to another software such as Quicken , since I ca n't go back to the previous version of Money .
 For morgage accounts , I like to split principle , interest and escrew . In Quicken , I can use the transfer function to redirect part of my payment to my escrew account and keep track of how much money is in it . In MS Money , I can only assign it to a category , but not to a seperate account.It does have better buget planner than Quicken 2000 , but I 'm deleting MS Mondey and going to Quicken 2003 .
 I absolutely hate Microsoft Money . I had used an older version of it in the past and found it unreliable and frustrating . The newer versions are just as bad . It is inconsistent with assigning categories to things ; you ca n't reconcile with your online balance ; the budgeting tools are very limited ; I have a lot of trouble with it adding bills into the budget twice because of problems such as the bill scheduler and the budget planner not quite working together correctly ; it 's inconsistent with it 's ability to recognize two transactions as being similar or not ; and , basically , it has made me want to scream way too many times . I 'm now going to buy Quicken for the 3rd time . -LRB- I have an uncanny ability to lose Quicken disks and then change computers . -RRB-
 I have Money 2002 running happily on my NT computer , and when I bought 2003 I did n't even think to check to see if it was compatible with NT -LRB- dumb ! -RRB- . It will not install at all , and there is nothing on Microsoft 's website to suggest this will ever be changed . I like Money as a product , it got such a bad rating because I ca n't even use it .
 I have spent two days trying to make a simple household budget . There is NO DOCUMENTATION with the CD , and you have to figure it all out yourself . -LRB- The Help menu is a joke , forget it . -RRB- This is a maddening , complicated and overly difficult program . I bought it because of good reviews , but I wish I had bought Quicken . Stay away !
 this goes on from Money 2003 into 2004 and will probably be there 10 years from nowIn transactions with BONDS the accrued interest which you put in at time of purchase does n't go into any further calcualtions so your income calcs overstate the actual income -LRB- this affects all reporting in portfolio and tax segments -RRB- .
 We bought this product in November of 2000 hoping that it would be useful in our mixed Win9x/MacOS network , common in the publishing industry . After using it for a week , our Macintosh users were complaining that their files were `` disappearing '' from the network . We described the problem to Executive Software as follows : We 're having an unusual problem on our NT 4.0 Server running Services for Macintosh and Undelete 2.0 . An example of the problem is described as follows : One of our Macintosh users has a subdirectory on the NT Server . Within this sudirectory , he has files that are periodically replaced by newer files of the same name . When attempting to overwrite the file , he is asked to confirm the file replacement . Answering affirmatively , the file is appropriately replaced . HOWEVER , within a minute , the updated file disappears.Executive Software replied to the problem by acknowledging that there were known issues with Macintosh files and Undelete . Their solution was to exclude Macintosh volumes from Undelete operations . They also indicated that they hoped to have the problem resolved in a future build of the software although there was no ETA on such a build.In our network , which is 40 % Macintosh , Undelete is more of a problem than a resolution . It is quite a chore to maintain customized exclusions in Undelete on an ongoing basis , particularly when new Mac users join the company and you need to provide them with home directories , etc. . .
 My 5 year old finds this game extremely frustrating . It takes forever to load a saved game , the graphics are cheesy , and it 's hard to maneuver Jimmy around . Surely they could have come up with something better than this .
 THE GAME IS N'T REALLY GOOD.BUT MY BROTHER AND SISTER LIKES IT ALOT WHEN I WAS READING A BOOK THEY WERE SCREAMING LOUDLY CUZ THEY WERE BEING CHASED BY A CAR IN AREA 51 -LRB- YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO AVOID THE CARS -RRB- BUT IT IS N'T FUN BUT I THINK MOST PEOPLE SHOUD N'T BE INTERESTED IN THIS GAME.AND THE REASONS THAT I DO N'T LIKE IT CUZ IT 'S VVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY EASY TO BEAT NICK ON THE SKATE BOARD VS GODARD SCOOTER RACE AND THE ALEINS ARE REALLY DUMB CUZ WHEN IT SEES YOU THEY SET OFF THE ALRAM AND WHEN YOU ACIVE THE INVISIBLE MODE THE ALRAM IS NO MORE RINGING . WEIRD ... HOPE THIS WAS HELPFUL !
 I grew up on Adobe products . They used to include great manuals and tutorials . Now I have paid more and received less . I am trying to learn how to use GoLive but the online manual does n't make a whole lot of sense . How come a printed manual is n't included ? Oh , I have to pay more for it ? How come I seem to be paying for printing costs then ? Customer support ? To get real help I 'll have to pay for it . I used Adobe Premiere for Mac but that product got abandoned . I will not buy another Adobe product until they either give more or charge less . If you are getting started with web design I would suggest going somewhere else . That being said ... Illustrator and Photoshop are both still great products and the upgrades were easy for me to understand -LRB- probably because the last versions I had included a printed manual and tutorials -RRB- . Let 's face it , if it was n't for OS X , I would have just stuck to the older versions of Photoshop , Illustrator , and PageMaker and bought Dreamweaver instead . Photoshop CS - Classroom in a Book = $ 45 . Illustrator CS - Classroom in a Book = $ 31.50 . GoLive CS - Classroom in a Book = $ 45 . InDesign - Classroom in a Book = $ 45 . Acrobat Pro - Classroom in a Book = $ 45 . $ 211.50 in manuals right there . Its a good product but it keeps on costing you in time and money .
 Following is an excerpt from an online chat with an Adobe Customer Service Representative on 7-12-12 . The licensee and I worked with Adobe to transfer the license of a full retail version . Buyer BEWARE , the software can no longer be used , period.Jaswant
 ... then i needed to contact their technical support because illustrator crashes when you try to label layers . they go out of their way to make it as difficult as possible . no email support . instead you have to ring an area code 206 number and wait until some overworked undertrained person tells you to reinstall the product or the operating system ... very helpful . just like their software.i 'll look elsewhere the next time i look for an illustration package or a graphics editor . and i wo n't even bother discussing their inept page layout program .
 When this CD is inserted in a Mac , a window appears declaring that `` the Classic environment is no longer supported . '' It appears that this CD was made in 1995 , and will not run on more modern Macs . A Google search reveals that problem can not be solved . The seller -LRB- in my case , Indigoheirlooms -RRB- disclaims all responsibility for the representation -- made both on the CD cover and on the Amazon website -- that this will run on a Mac . Buyer beware .
 This product will not run on a current Mac running OSX . It will only run on older Macs . I have n't tried it on Windows .
 I have used Photoshop for years , but this suite version is buggy . Adobe 's own user forums show hundreds of users unable to install the product -LRB- at least in Windows -RRB- . The solutions offered are difficult and time-consuming . Because of the expense , many people will be very disappointed -- you can but a computer for this price .
 I purchased CS2 several days ago and still have been unable to install it . My hardware -LRB- RAM , harddisk space , CPU speed , operating system -RRB- all exceed specifications and yet , CS2 wo n't install past the initial stages . I followed Adobe 's troubleshooting guides , including installation from the desktop and Windows Simplified Mode , but absolutely no success . It 's unclear where the fault lies -LRB- is it Microsoft Windows XP or Adobe CS2 ? -RRB- , but I 've never had installation problems with software before and it 's hard to believe it would occur with such an expensive package from such a major company . Do check the Forums and reviews prior to purchasing this particular package to ensure you 're comfortable with the risk . I hope I can get my money back .
 I have spent 9 hours in 2 days on the phone with Dell to try to install this piece of s ** t. Version Cue will not install nor will photo shop . No 800 number for support from Adobe . Paid for call and recieved many voice ads for products and was told if I need support call at ` top of the hour ' . Dell says the problem is in the installer . Adobe Foroums have pointed to the same but no suggestion has worked . Guess I will work on amazon to try to return it for a full refund , it was shipped defective .
 dont waste your hard earned money ADOBE IS MOSTLY SOFTWARE FOR LOOSERS burdened to their guillotines OF COMMERCE , ADOBE SOFTWARE is so CONFUSING , non intuitive WORKING WITH IT IS like tearing your teeth out one by one using pliars ,
 H&R block does a much better job marketing software than writing it . I used the on-line version , had trouble registering so chose the option to begin entering data and register later . After about an hour of painfully slow entry , sometimes just one item per page , most of the time looking at `` LOADING , PLEASE WAIT '' I had to keep an appointment so tried to register and save . No luck , repeated attempts to register gave unidentified error , and I could not save without registering . Finally just left the computer on and left ; when I came back TaxCut had timed out and lost all my data . By the way there is a screen which looks like you are accepting the terms of a software agreement but if you read the fine print you are agreeing to let them sell your e-mail to other companies . Even if you select NO you will get frequent e-mails from H&R Block . I will save time and do my taxes on paper forms this year . When a company ca n't get something simple like this right , it calls into question everything they do .
 We were big fans of TaxCut , especially after Turbo added spyware ... . THIS YEAR 'S TAX CUT has irreguarities that are costing -LRB- $ $ -RRB- me ... . for example , you file your college student 's return and check the box that she/he will be an exemption on the head-of-household return & then comes the surprise , head-of-household ca n't file their return with that college student as an exemption , despite checking the proper boxes ! ... . for example , it ca n't caluculate railroad retirement benefits ... . for example , it tells you that your return is a-okay , you pay $ 15 , then it tells you afterward that of the glitches and wants another $ 15 to refile ! ... . good-bye Tax Cut !
 After using TurboTax couple of years and then using TaxCut for last two years -LRB- 2005 and 2006 returns -RRB- I concluded that TurboTax is much superior software . TaxCut 's only advantage is that it is cheaper . If you take out price from the equation , TaxCut is inferior in quality . - In 2005 TaxCut software there was not PDF output of all the forms . This was pretty silly because after couple of years if I want to access my tax return I am not going to install TaxCut again in my computer and view by return . I would rather have have my tax return available in some widely acceptable format like PDF and then access/distribute whenever I want -LRB- I do n't keep my documents in hardcopies -RRB- . So I wrote to H&R ; Block . This year they added that saving return in PDF file feature available . But unfortunately , this is far from being perfect . It excludes number of important forms - example , IRS form 8853 , California Adjustment Schedule 540CA etc. . Instead of that it saves numbers of useless worksheet -LRB- without any data entered in those worksheets -RRB- , same form multiple times . - Most annoying thing about this software is updating incorrect data . In one form I entered wrong data . While reviewing it I found a problem and went to that specific section to update . But in calculation TaxCut still showed old incorrect number . I just could not make it to use new corrected number . Eventually I had to restart a new return from scratch - just to have an dollar amount corrected . - In many section useful Helps are missing .
 Well , I guess it had to happen eventually . This product is a total and complete failure on the Mac side . Not only did I have to wait 2 weeks for the state version to become available , but when I tried to file , there appears to be a software glitch and the system wo n't allow me to efile , it just boots me back to the efile main screen . I called customer service 3 times so far and each and every one of them was absolutely horrible . One even started arguing with me when I had to explain to him how his own product worked ! Anybody ever seen the documentary `` India Calling '' ? I will NEVER use one of their products again ... ever .
 Bought the Federal + State + Efile and everything worked great until I tried to file my state return . I repeatedly received error messages and called Customer Service who could n't explain the error and would not give me a refund for my state efile charges .
 In December 2007 I bought this assuming that it was for the current tax year . When I got it I realized it was for the previous tax season and returned it . Why would this still be for sale on the website , especially at full price . Ridiculous .
 i mistakenly chose a tax-cut product that was out of date-it was listed with the 2007 tax-cut programs . when i returned this item i was charged for freight whic is fine it was my mistake , but i was charged $ 30.00 re-stocking fee on a $ 59.95 purchase that was out of date and should not have been offered for sale . this is 2007 tax time-frame not 2006 . thoroughly disgusted with AMAZON for this type of response . will endeavor to find another source for purchases !!!
 Missouri state tax auditor caught a mistake that TaxCut made on my state taxes relating to the tax deduction for college tuition 529 program . This cost me $ 450 . I 'm switching back to TurboTax .
 Did not transfer information from last years taxes accurately . When I e-filed IRS rejected . Had to go back and manually put in correct information . Next year back to TurboTax.Ken
 I thought the product was fine until I tried to enter my ESPP and ISO sale info . . it asked about the grant and sale dates , but nothing about how many shares I sold or the price per share , did n't guide me through reconciling my 1099-B from these sales to what shows up on my W-2 , etc. . Worthless . Back to TurboTax for two times the price to get it done right .
 I have been using Turbotax for the past 10 years . I Purchased TaxCut Premium + State + E-file this year because of the price break on E-filing vs. purchasing E-filing separately . Taxcut is a inferior product compared to Turbotax . I have purchased Turbotax and am returning Taxcut to H&R Block for a refund .
 Easy to use . Simple to follow . Informative.however , the entire file that held my taxes became corrupt and I ca n't open , print , save , or view my taxes that I SPENT HOURS creating . Thankfully , I was able to actually file but now I have to pay the fed gov $ 39 to get a photocopy of my fed taxes -LRB- have n't even asked about state , yet -RRB- and then try to recreate my taxes for my own record keeping.Their customer service reps were lacking basic customer service training and even though I was a 7 year TaxCut user , will NEVER buy the product again or recommend anyone else use it . Their customer service was rude , unhelpful , and they offered absolutely no consolation whatsoever . I do not believe I could be more disappointed in a company 's customer service department .
 I bought premium with efile . I can not efile because of unsupported form . Never had this problem with turbo tax . The process of getting a refund is not much fun either .
 I 've been using TaxCut for 5 years , and will never use it again . This year it failed to calculate how much of my state refund from 2005 should be declared as income . Customer support said `` call the IRS '' -LRB- after wasting 20 min -RRB- . I tried the `` Ask a Tax Question '' service . A person called back in 10 min , said that she could n't help me , and said that I would be `` put back in the queue '' . No one ever called back -LRB- it 's been 10 days -RRB- . There is no customer service number for `` Ask a Tax Question '' and no one in regular customer service wanted to help . Last year , the sofware made an error which led to a refund of the sales price . Not possible this year because without the box , there are no refunds .
 Product was fine until you get to the end to print and review your forms for e-filing , but then the program does n't recognize you need to file form 8889 for Health Savings Accounts -LRB- HSA 's -RRB- , even though there is data on the form , and leaves it out . Two weeks on the phone with customer service and they have finally admitted that they ca n't fix the problem -LRB- or wo n't -RRB- . There is no way to get past the scripted customer service people to get word to a software engineer/designer to diagnose the problem . Going back to TurboTax immediately , which handled the HSA form correctly last year .
 I have been using TurboTax for many years , but I want to save some money this year so I bought TaxCut instead . The interface is good and it seemed to work well , right up to the point where I realized that I ca n't enter my ESPP transactions . I ca n't believe that the Premium edition does n't come with this support . There are probably more people with ESPP stock than rental property , yet it is not supported by their top of the line product . Now I have lost the afternoon and have the hassle of the return.Going back to TurboTax and its big price tag .
 I 've done my own taxes for a long time . I chose Tax Cut this year because it was slightly cheaper and offered e-file in the package . I am sick to death of Intuit rebate forms . As I filled out my Federal and State returns , all was well . Tax Cut did find an obscure tax savings that I never would have thought of . The program showed no problems with either my Federal or State Income Tax Returns . When it came time to submit my returns for electronic submission to the IRS and the California FTB , however , I got an error message . A form that is not in my return had inappropriate information . Specifically , it showed that I had a Dependant under the age of 18 -LRB- no such child -RRB- with investment income -LRB- no investments , sadly -RRB- . The state program took exception to the fact that the nonexistant child 's name and Social Security number were both the same as mine . The error was vaguely surreal . My attempts to identify the source of and remedies for this problem were met with an incomprehensible help system . A call to the customer service center in India resulted in a suggestion that I wait to submit my taxes until after the next update which might fix the problem . The update did fix the problem , but it was a major hassle for a fairly simple return . As much as I dislike it , I may go back to using TurboTax .
 I only found this out as I was completing my return . For whatever reason , nearly every other form is supported but this one -LRB- Form 5695 -RRB- . Thus , if you want to claim 10 % of your purchase price of energy efficient window , you ca n't using this product . Turbo Tax does suppor the form .
 I ended up throwing it away and using Turbo Tax Online - much simpler , faster , and thorough .
 TaxCut is easy to use but the explanations are not complete , nor written in a way that is easy for laypersons to understand . Many terms of art are not defined at all.Most disturbingly , when you first sign up for the product the price is listed at $ 54.95 for both state and federal filing , but after you have already done all the work and are ready to file , the only options listed at checkout time are $ 29.95 for federal and another $ 29.95 charge for the state filing.This bait-and-switch is apparently widespread and common for H&R ; Block , unfortunately . I called and complained to customer service and they refunded me $ 5 . I told them that I thought it was certainly unethical and probably illegal , and they were inviting a lawsuit with this deceptive practice.Finally , the program crashed several times while I was using it . Although the data was always saved , it was quite obnoxious . I run a high-performance , well-maintained Mac PowerBook , so I 'm not accustomed to having things run so poorly.next year I 'll go with TurboTax .
 The Federal program worked OK -LRB- on a very simple married filing jointly return -RRB- , but the state program had a huge error and customer service was horrible ! This is the second year TaxCut made an error on my state program . Last time I found the mistake and was able to correct it and e-file . This year TaxCut entered a negative value for a deduction calculation -LRB- impossible -RRB- . The scary part is that the error check did not find such a glaring error , and I e-filed it that way . I did n't know about it until my submission was rejected . Customer service had no technical knowledge of the program and after proposing three clueless fixes stopped returning my calls.Although the Fed program worked OK , it did not give me the lowest tax burden when multiple tax years were considered . Again this year the IRS allows you to deduct state sales tax instead of state income tax . TaxCut chose the option that resulted in my lowest tax liability for THIS year , but when the impact on my income next year was considered , I would have ended up paying MORE taxes overall . This is a simple thing to calculate , but TaxCut did not look for it.I have used TaxCut for several years now , but this is the last ! I would rather spend more money on another program than risk not being able to e-file or filing a bad return .
 Because of an investment , I had a small foreign tax credit . When prompted , I entered this information in the federal return interview . When I went to e-file , the program told me that I had a problem with e-filing my state return because the credit appeared in both the amount of the federal tax and also as a separate credit on another line . I was told that I could not take the deduction twice . That was fine , except I had not entered this information on the state tax return . TaxCut had automatically carried over the information to the state form and put it in two places.When I tried to remove the tax from the tax credit line , I was told that overriding the value on the line would mean that I could not e-file . Of course , e-filing was part of purchase price . So , if I could not e-file , I was losing a $ 15.95 credit.I called TaxCut and spoke to one tech support person who basically said he could n't do anything and passed my case on . In a couple of days , I got a call from another technician who eventually said the same thing ; but passed my problem up the line . In another few days , I got a call from another technician who was as befuddled by the problem as the other technicians . She said she 'd research the problem and call me back . She did and told me that there was nothing TaxCut would do about the problem . I could not e-file . Apparently , TaxCut is not interested in fixing reported bugs . This is the attitude of a large company whose interest in resolving its customers ' problems is negligible .
 One thing you will find reading through many reviews is a dissatisfaction with the state filings . This is my own experience and this may be the last year I use TaxCut because of it . First of all , it would not allow me to e-file my state return but did n't explain why . I later discovered that for most states you apparently ca n't e-file a partial year return . Then when printing out the state return it told me I had to also include a form that was mentioned nowhere else in the program . I later found out that Taxcut does not support all state tax forms ! I then had to get that form and fill it in manually , and then discovered I owed less than before because Taxcut had incorrectly calculated my capital gains . AND there was nothing on the missing state form that could not have been completed with data the program already had.TaxCut also advised me I could save $ 1000 off my fed bill by contributing to an IRA . So I opened and IRA and contributed $ 4000 . When I went back to TaxCut and entered the details it told me I was n't eligible for any tax deduction . I was ready to be tied up ! This software is seriously dysfunctional.I 'm guessing by this stage you get the idea . Bottom line
 They still have n't fixed the error where electronic filing in California is disallowed due to incorrect address length calculation.Customer service of the company that makes this product is very bad . Customer service representatives are not knowledgeable and unwilling to help . This is why I am rating this product so low . -LSB- 3/19/2007 -RSB- I feel obligated to post this update
 I have used Taxcut and TurboTax on and off for years . TurboTax tends to have less problems . This year Taxcut was incredibly difficult . First it would not properly import the data from DeductionPro . Then the tier one tech support gave me outright incorrect information . Finally tier two support gave me the link to the custom patch that allowed me to import the data . Also , when I received the Taxcut email that the IRS had accepted my return I logged on to Taxcut to check status and get my declaration control number . Taxcut would not recognize that I had efiled and would not check for the dcn . I had to call support for about the 5th time and after some time on the phone they discovered they could access the dcn and gave it to me over the phone . Because of these delays I have still not finished with the state return . I do n't know if I will buy this product again .
 I 've used Taxcut for the past couple of years , but this year it 's a giant headache . After I submitted my return , I went back to check the status . The software told me I had not submitted my return and wanted me to submit again . Worse is that I got an email saying my return was rejected by the IRS and I need to check the status in TaxCut . Well , how am I supposed to do that if TaxCut does n't even think I 've submitted yet . So , I went ahead and submitted again and I still have the same problem . TaxCut still thinks I have n't submitted . 3 calls to Tech Support and waiting on hold for an hour has n't resolved squat . My next call is to ask for a refund with which I 'll switch back to TurboTax .
 I am self-employed , so my taxes are a little more involved and I have to fill out extra forms.Last year I tried to save some money and do it myself with Turbo Tax.It was fast , easy , straight forward.This year I thought I 'd save a little more and try Tax Cut . I mean how different can software be ? And , H & R block did my taxes for years . They are a tax company , after all.Wrong !!! It took me days , compared to Turbo that took lest than an hour.It was confusing and annoying.To top it off , I paid the state tax it said I owed . Only to be told by the state my taxes were wrong , ... . And , they owed ME twice as much !!! Yeesh !! Next year I wo n't skimp , and I 'll go back to Turbo .
 I disliked the fact that they only offer advise with their products only . I would like general ideas . The layout is much better than previous years .
 Does what you expect it to . Here 's what I found : - e-Filing hitch - for CA State , it said that since I had annualized my income , it could not e-File - this is at the very last step . Does ` nt seem right - more likely , they decided to leave out this functionality . Even when I changed that it seemed to not recognize I changed it . . and eventually had to save it and exit and reopen the software to understand the change . It needs to warn you of e-Filing issues a little sooner in the process . - its unable to download brokerage trades -LRB- TurboTax does that -RRB- , however , Turbotax did ` nt do a good job matching trades , so this does not seem too bad of a con . I was able to import around 200 trades in . txf format into TaxCut without any problem . - I liked the final error review - it caught a dependent care deduction and a couple of stock trades.All in all - value for money . I will be sticking to TaxCut for 2007 taxes . I do n't like how Intuit has increased their prices . .
 I was disapponted in the lack of options you had with this software . I wanted to make small flash intros and customize small flash presentations . Unfortunatley you can only change the texts and very limited pictures in this software , you can not change animations and sound . Not what I thought it was by reading the discription .
 This is n't worth the money . The ad files are impressive in the first place . You can change text and pictures but not the colors . Being able to change the color would have been a major glitch . Also , could n't get it to play right when I embedded it with Serif 's Webplus X2 . Maybe I was doing something wrong . Anyway , I wo n't be using this product .
 I went thru the process of downloading the game and got nothing . It 's a crap shoot with the dice against you . You order and nothing happens except you are out the money .
 This product is eight years old and had to be activated through GoDaddy . Attempts to activate it through the software itself were unsuccessful . I called Godaddy . GoDaddy 's apps engineer had n't heard of it , could find no mention of it in their archives , and could n't activate it . I returned it for credit .
 I had this product prior to my children damaging my computer . It worked well but I could n't find my disk to re-install on my other computer . I then purchased the item again . For some reason it would n't install . The software just forwarded you to another screen to purchase another item . What 's up with that ?
 When you try to install this software , it launches a browser window to GoDaddy . There is supposed to be a place to enter an activation code , but there is n't . I emailed GoDaddy support and was informed they do n't sell or support this software anymore . So , I returned it to Amazon .
 I really needed Smartsuite 98 not 96 . My bad !! \ '96 would not load files * .123 that I had on my backup.DaveSr
 Basically just a text editor bound in a green-eyeshade straightjacket . Does allow the rearranging and some consolidation of accounts . That 's its strongest feature . Provides less control over periods than native reporting in QB . Can not control starting period , only ending period and the choice of Month , Quarter , Year periods . You are restricted to 7 balance sheet templates , 13 P&L and 3 CashFlow templates - plus freedom to type up your own cover letter -LRB- whoopee ! -RRB- . And aside from rearranging accounts and editing the text , they can not be modified . Still ca n't get percentages on current , comparison and variance columns . Ca n't get balance sheet comparison to anything other than twelve months ago . It 's slow across a network . If you return client file , changes are n't saved . I 'll continue to export to Excel .
 Basically just a text editor bound in a greenshade straightjacket . Does allow the rearranging and some consolidation of accounts . That 's its strongest feature . Provides less control over periods than native reporting in QB . Can not control starting period , only ending period and the choice of Month , Quarter , Year periods . You are restricted to 7 balance sheet templates , 13 P&L and 3 CashFlow templates - plus freedom to type up your own cover letter -LRB- whoopee ! -RRB- . And aside from rearranging accounts and editing the text , they can not be modified . Still ca n't get percentages on current , comparison and variance columns . Ca n't get balance sheet comparison to anything other than twelve months ago . It 's slow across a network . If you return client file , changes are n't saved . I 'll continue to export to Excel .
 . . when I went to run the program -LRB- geared to 3-5 year olds , btw ... -RRB- , I signed myself in and hit the `` go '' button . . crash ! . . I recovered , and made sure my graphics settings were dummied down to suit the program -LRB- 256 colors at super vga -RRB- and tried again . . fatal errors , page fault , screen freeze . . after several more attempts including uninstalls and reistalls , I attempted to call Microsoft support with absolutely no luck . . I gave up after 20 ' of waiting after calling a non-toll free number ... I figured I 'd try Microsoft support on the internet . . I did find a possible solution in their `` popular questions '' section . . lots of `` popular questions '' , btw , regarding system crashes re . this little gem of a software btw ... they suggest an incompatability between the display adaptor and the software ; fix is to reduce the graphic acceleration to one notch above `` nothing '' . . and then they have the nerve to suggest contacting your hardware manufacture for updated drivers ... like there is nothing wrong with the software ? fwiw , my compute was `` state of the art '' just 8 months ago and I keep all my drivers up to date . . pass that buck ! After trying to figure out how to get any kind of Customer/Technical support at the M'Soft website , I finally firured out that I was in a Catch-22 situation . . to specify this software for Incident Reporting , I need a product ID , and per info on the website , the way to obtain the product ID is to have the software running , access the `` Progress Report '' module , and then choose help/about ... since my problem is that the software wo n't even run after the sign-on screen , I could n't get into the support system.Not being the type to give up easily , I entered the support system by specifying my buggy software as Win95 -LRB- Product ID readily available -RRB- , and in the incident report box , explained my problem and asked that someone please forward my problem to the appropriate section . . just got a report back saying my `` free customer support period had expired '' and my incident was rejected . . aaaagggghhhhhhh ! . . to make matters worse , I cut up the box
 I have taught Kindergarten in CA 's Public Schools with computers in my class and I have a preschool daughter . On the rhyming segment the demo did n't introduce new words to rhym and some of the pictures were hard for me to figure out .
 Even at only $ 10 , this is not worth the money.Mainly because I bought this expecting a Hulk comic.Didn ' t realize he is now only Bruce Banner with Hulk powers.Only the Cover panels contained pictures of the Green Monster called the Hulk , the rest was a MAJOR disappointment!The 3D effects were ok , but only containing two small CD 's , and only two 3D comics , not worth more than $ 3 .
 You may be thinking you should invest in your non-profit by paying the premium for the NonProfit Edition of Quickbooks . Well , Intuit has damaged their reputation by daring to call this a custom edition . They have slapped on a few screens and menus to serve the non-profit market but , unless you are a seasoned Quickbooks user you will be mired in numerous screens designed for the for-profit market , using irrelevant terminology . What 's worse , they have n't even included appropriate non-profit terminology in many of their basic screens . Think the manual should help ? No , they give you the manual for the for-profit version as well as a little guide to installing your non-profit version . If you are a non-profit and must use QuickBooks , think twice before paying the premium for the custom non-profit version .
 forget the name -- this is quickbooks in sheep 's clothing . it has NOTHING to do with nonprofit accounting . either it 's FASB compliant or its not . there 's not one piece of changed functionality in here -- they did n't even try ! you might as well buy quickbooks and save -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- or check out ... which is nonprofit specific add-on to quickbooks .
 If your looking for annoying software with lots of glitches ... then this is the one for you ! My 3 yr . old daughter likes it , but would get very frustrated when she would repeatedly say words correctly into the microphone and the response was that she did n't get it right . Also , there are a lot of errors . One example is a page that has upper and lower case letters paired together . Two of the lowercase letters are wrong and do not match the uppercase . I would recommend avoiding this software , as well as most of the jumpstart products out there . There is much better software for kiddos . Just shop around on this website and check out the parent commentaries .
 Repeatedly attempted to install this app using both WinXP and Mac , according to instructions . This version of Wordsmith refuses to accept the supplied serial number , reporting that the application is `` Locked . '' This makes the product totally unusable . This purchase was a total waste of money .
 Dreamweaver is the most horrid , repulsive web design software ever written for the Mac . I am warning you , fellow Mac users . Macromedia must have bought a can of ladybugs and dropped them in the beta tester 's brains-I ca n't believe that they missed some very important bugs-the site map does n't work , and there is no cross-platform compatibility . Do not buy this . Please look into GoLive by Adobe .
 When my daughter used this product , it did not save the scores on her practice , so she could not progress through the program . This is a major flaw .
 Wish I 'd read the reviews before buying this at a big-box wharehouse store . The reviews here are n't too extreme . `` Fuggedaboudit . `` Too bad , 'cause some of the other Roxio products -LRB- bundled -RRB- work fine ...
 I 've paid for Roxio versions 3,4,5,6,7 . Version 5 crashed my machine , and caused my PC to no longer detect CD devices . Their customer support is just the worst . I bought this thinking it was a quick and fast DVD burner . Ha !!! Guess what !!! I found out after 5 months , that they NO LONGER SUPPORT IT . That is the history of this lousy company . They do n't fix bugs or listen to customers . THEY ARE THE WORST . I have never -LRB- in 15 years -RRB- had a worse experience with a software company . Do NOT waste your hard earned money on this company . Who is Sonic Solutions anyway ?
 Wo n't do a simple DVD burn from a . WMV file . error message `` mpeg-2 codec must be activated '' then it wo n't let me download from the website . Mpeg-2 is the most common/basic component , should be included already . Thank god it was free with my new computer - I can uninstall it without losing money.SD - Dallas , tx
 I bought a ROXIO program hoping to be a good adder to a new HP for photo , video , DVD use etc. . It hangs up ... is painfully slow and isnt worth the frustration you experience using it . It looks easy , but is seriously limited . You buy this program to be be offered the higher end version after you install . That is just bait and switch . You are better off using windows movie maker for your slides/movie and other pre-installed apps in your system or find a better software company that offers a better product . I wish I read the majority of these reviews first ... they all seem to be exactly what I experienced with ROXIO.On a side note , I find it funny how `` people '' give the product great reviews when they only base the rating on gettting the product fast . Buying junk and getting it fast isnt worth of a very good rating for the product . The seller may be good , but in this case Roxio sucks . This is the last Roxio product I waste $ $ on .
 These products are atrocious.Eventually the update manager takes over your computer and ca n't be shut down . It keeps trying to MAKE you install a valid update using discs.You ca n't make it go away on Windows XP or 7 , and it prevents uninstall because it wo n't shut down no matter how many times you try.AVOID ANY ROXIO PRODUCT AT ALL COSTS!Roxio Creator 2011
 About the worst product I have ever purchased for my computer . I wish I 'd read some reviews first.It basically locks up in Windows XP when you insert a commercial DVD . Not only that , but you can not kill it through the Task Manager -LRB- if you run Task Manager before starting Easy DVD Copy -RRB- - and even worse , you can not invoke Task Manager after starting Easy DVD Copy and it locks up . You can not even shut down or reboot at this point . You have to pull out the power cord from your computer to get Roxio to stop running.So , this is about the most inexorably invasive non-functioning program I 've ever run on XP . The only DVD I could copy was the DVD the program was distributed on . I hope I can get a refund as it 's really worthless .
 DO NOT PURCHASE !!!!!!!!! This program advertises that it will allow you to make backup copies of DVDs ... WRONG !!! They forget to mention that ANY DVD-burning program will do the same thing as this -LRB- even free ones -RRB- ! ONLY HOME MOVIES CAN BE COPIED . This software WO N'T work on any encrypted DVDs -LRB- read
 This item is not worth the money you have to pay for it . Not even a dime . It says you can copy from dvd to hard drive or to disc . it LIED it can only copy from cd to cd . Save your money . On top of that it cant copy ANY dvd . i tried to copy all my dvds and not ONE can copy . waste of money .
 why oh why did i buy this . that was really stupid . if you want a program that crashes your computer everytime you try copying something then this is perfect for you . if you just want to back up dvds that you have in your collection then i recommend dvd cloner 2 which you have to download , but it has the decoder . i wish i would have found that program before i found this stupid thing over at an electronic store . the box should have said BEWARE , THIS PRODUCT IS CRAP AND WE WILL RIP YOU OFF !
 I agree with the previous reviewer , this program is not worth much . I bought it to replace my old reliable Easy CD Creator but all it can do is copy from one CD to another and it is not able to make CDs from . wma files . Do n't waste your money .
 I could n't backup any of the DVDs in my realatively large collection . My copy of this program is going into the trash can , that 's how much I like it .
 This stupid piece of software is absolute JUNK , USELESS or WORSE . If you copy DVD to DVD , It wo n't even play the copy , on anything . Customer support is NON-EXISTANT . They wo n't let you email them , if you want to talk to them , it is $ 35 , they do n't give you an address to write to , so , I guess they just sell junk and since you ca n't contact them , how do you get your money back ? YOU DO N'T !!!!!!!!!!!!! . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!! I sure wish I had read the reviews before I bought this worthless piece of garbage .
 For any people who plan to by this product , remember this , 90 % of all of Roxio 's software gets embeded in the system files of the OS . As this reason is mainly the cause of lockups and not being able to access other programs while this one is running , all roxio software should be avoided . The programmers of this software mainly manfacture this for proprietary machines i.e. . dell , gateway , compaq in which most programs are usually connected to other programs and reporting software via software patches . This is the main reason why all of these systems do not come with an OEM copy of any software like Windows or driver disks for any internal hardware componets . For a good product look to DVD X Copy , I know this program still works even though the earlier versions were less of a hassle to have and cost a whole lot less , these newer versions still offer almost the same grade of reliability . And remember you get what you pay for ...
 Unbelievable . How can this product have been released by a reputable company like Roxio ? It crashes at everything I try to do . There is no support , no patches , no mention by the company of any possible problems . You can run a decryption program like DVD For Free to remove the encryption , but try to get it to chose a language like `` Errr , I do n't want the director 's comments thank you '' or select part of a DVD -LRB- I 'm an actor and I just want my bits from movies for my showreel -RRB- forget it . Just totally ghastly .
 Just like everyone else wished I knew about the reviews before I purchased this product it worked for a day perfectly !! And now it does n't even do what it was purchased what it was intended to do . And customer service is horrific for this product I have never used Roxio before and I will never again .
 I have used McAfee 's 4.x product for several years on my home Win98 PC and I did not run into any serious problems with it . I was forced to upgrade because pattern files were no longer available for that version . Against my better judgement , I decided I 'd try a .0 version . What a mistake ! In my 16 years as an IT professional , VirusScan 6.0 ranks as one of the worst installations processes I 've encountered . It could n't uninstall the previous version . I had to manually delete files from the earlier version and then edit the registry to remove the many vestiges of the application . When I finally got it installed , I was eager to get an updated engine and pattern files . All I had to do was register the software -- no problem . Wrong again . I spent several hours with McAfee tech support and still could n't register . Since the Internet registration would n't work from within the application , I used the form on their web site . That process did not do anything to update Instant Updater so it thought I still was n't registered.I still have n't been able to update my pattern files . From a review of McAfee 's message boards , many people are experiencing many other problems so if I ever get it worked out , I have more bugs to look forward to.The point of this story ... run ! Do not buy this product ! If you 're really committed to McAfee , maybe wait for version 6.1 . But then again , maybe it 's time to give Norton a try ?
 I have used McAfee products for 4 yrs . w/out major problems . Then came along Virus Scan 6.0 / Firewall 3.0 The latest greatest from Mcafee , right ? Not even , McAfee really blew it with the release of these two software packages . Their lack of quality control is unbeleivable . The problems I had installing these ranged from simple typo 's in the autoexec.bat command line to registry errors -LRB- we know what that can do -RRB- to start up folder problems . And their tech support chat room , once you finally get in , is a joke . Needless to say , this software ... I have returned it and am seeking a full refund including cancelling my subscription to their `` Clinic '' . If you want to try it out , be my guest , but be warned
 I made it a point to come here and write this review . But one star is wrong ... it should be ` negative ' 5 stars ! Perhaps I can spare someone else the nightmare that I endured.I 'm disabled and depend on phone communications to make a living . I wanted the best . After 3 months , 2 modems , at least 100 hours of frustration and a dozen emails to the support department -- this software sits on the shelf collecting dust ! It is completely unusable . They assured me that it would provide basic phone functionality with my current modem -LRB- Creative Blaster -RRB- by email ` before I bought it ' ... but it does not and ` after I bought ' they 're story changed.Hear 's what you 're buying
 i have tried compro version 2 and had to go back to my old speaker phone and answering machineso i upgraded to version 5same thing . . bound and determined to make it work . . 4 modemslater -LRB- communicate points at the modems -RRB- one modem manufacturers tech support told me to give up on the software and move onbeing a little hard headed i hired a certified technician to come to my office to straighten it out , he removed sound cards , configured , re-configured , tried all 4 of the modems i had purchased , tried windows 98 , windows me , downloaded drivers from obscure web sites , smoked a pack of cigarettes and leftscratching his headso . . before you buy this software , try to find a modem from the list at 01com . com look over the list very carefully to see if has the features you wantthen try to find the modem . do n't bother going to local super store they only sell current , supported hardwareit is not on the shelf i assure youtry the auctionsthen ... . try to find support for the outdated modem or updated drivers ... so it is back to the old answering machine i guess
 If it works , it works great . The problem is it does n't work . With DW2 , I experience at least one crash every few hours , and numerous other bugs . With DW3 30 day trial , I experienced fewer crashes but still a new type of bug every few hours . Macromedia never responded to my dozens of bug reports . They release only minimal bug updates for DW -LRB- ie , of what must be hundreds of bugs , they list only a couple things as being fixed and a couple more as being outstanding , then make no more updates -RRB- . Their newsgroup is completely swamped with people reporting bugs and problems in varying degrees of desperation , and a few apologists .
 My wife bought version 2.1 of this horrid program because she wanted to protect our computer from Hacker attacks since we added a cable modem , which , along with its high-speed access , has an `` always on '' two-way link to the Internet that makes our computer vulnerable to such attacks . And on that front , it appears to have done its job . At least , we do n't seem to have had any hacker attacks . But that 's where the benefits end and the nightmares begin . You see , my wife also wanted to access her office Outlook e-mail from home , and it would not work on our computer . Her Techie at work told her it was probably the Firewall , and said she should turn it off . Turning off all filtering did not do the trick , so we tried to uninstall the application . No dice . The incorrectly named `` Help '' file said there should be a file labeled `` uninstall CPD '' in the program folder . No such file could be found . Their online support said their should be an uninstall Firewall option under the start menu , but it was not there . On top of that , the Help file warned that we should not use Windows ' Remove Programs feature to uninstall because it could damage our system ! Ultimately what we have then is a program that was designed to protect our system that has instead gummed up the works , and prevented our computer from doing something very basic and important , like reading office email at home ! What 's worse , because there is no uninstall function , and remove programs does n't work -LRB- I ultimately tried it , fingers crossed -RRB- , I feel like my computer has been taken hostage by McAfee ! On top of all that , their customer service is a joke . In addition to the laughable help file , their web page is extremely confusing -LRB- just try and find the answer to my uninstall program problem , or even how to email Tech support ! -RRB- AND you have to pay a fee for phone support , EVEN THOUGH IT 'S THEIR OWN PRODUCT 's FAULT !! As you can see , I am frustrated . The irony in all of this is that McAfee sells another program called McAfee Uninstaller . I laughed a gloomy laugh when I saw that on their web site . Could it be that this program is designed to FORCE you to buy their other program to get rid of it?Who knows , maybe tech support will finally get back to me with a solution , or maybe I will have reinstalled Windows by then , I do n't know.Bottom line
 This product was a great disappointment . For a spelling bee tool , I was surprised at the number of mispronunciations and blatant misspellings . The graphics were poor and this product has a very homemade quality . It has potential , but needs serious upgrades and editing . This product was definitely NOT worth the money .
 The older version of this product worked well , but this version has some obvious bugs . After hitting disaster , I find that their tech support is just non-existant -LRB- at least through their email web form interface -RRB- . After installing System Commander , my system -LRB- WinXP 64bit edition -RRB- would no longer boot . I thought lost my whole system . I later discovered that their boot loader simply nurfs my system , and unfortunately I can not uninstall the program to restore the defaults , as I can not get into any OS -RRB- . I was able to recover my system using GRUB from SuSE Linux , but after I rebooted into Windows XP , System Commander re-installed itself and now my system is broken again . It 's like I have a virus.Lastly , I found problems with their bundled parition program as well . It read that `` primary partitions '' were logical drives , even though other disk type programs on Linux and Windows clearly show it to be a primary partition . I did n't want to risk using the tool , as it seems broken.This company used to be great , hands down , utility company wihout a doubt . They used to have great technical support . But looks like they fell to the way side and are not able to deliver reliable products ... Long story short , if you like destroying your system with a buggy product and working with non-existant webform for tech support , then this is an ideal product ...
 I should have spent time reading reviews before getting system commander . The only thing they did right was to warn about backing up any important data . Nothing worked the way it was supposed to including the partitioning . The idea sounds great , but it turns out the friend who recommended it had never actually tried the program .
 This application caused me more headache . I finally put it away and decide not to use it .
 This application caused me more headache . I finally put it away and decide not to use it .
 I really goofed when I bought this product ! On my two-drive system , the OS Wizard crashed while trying to analyze my setup and I had to turn off the power . When I called VCOM about this , I was put on hold for an hour . It turns out they have only four support techs , and two of them had called in sick that Friday . Yeah , great ... At least , the woman I finally spoke to was knowledgeable . First we tried to get OS Wizard to work by specifying dlimit2 -LRB- I also have a RW CD drive that she thought might be causing the problem -RRB- . No luck . So she walked me through the partitioning utility on the floppy disk -LRB- avoiding OS wizard -RRB- . But before I could ask her if I could multiboot without the OS Wizard , I was summarily disconnected.I did try using the partitioning utilities . It took an hour and a half to resize a 30 GB partition with 3.5 GB of data to 6 GB . But when I tried to add another partition , the Create Partition option was permanently grayed out . So I had accomplished the ridiculous feat of reducing a perfectly good 30 GB drive to 6 GB ! On top of this , there was an error message informing me that io.sys was missing or bad and instructing me to reinsert the VCOM boot floppy . This suggested that the resizing had in fact * not * been done correctly.At this point there was nothing left to do but curse System Commander and reformat the drive.Later , I did achieve multibooting -LRB- Win2000 , Win95b , LINUX -RRB- using a completely different utility , PartitionMagic5 .01 from PowerQuest , and I heartily recommend that product .
 You better know what your doing if you use this software . Expecially if you use it with Windows 2000 pro . Problems , problems , how you gon na solve them ? System Commander has put me through a living hell . I spent 30 hours just to get System Commander to work with Win98 and Win2000 pro ! And when I called LONG DISTANCE to speak with `` customer service '' , the only answer I could get is `` I do n't know '' and `` Give us a call when you figure it out '' after I remained on hold for TWO HOURS . What is really sad is that these words were spoken by someone who works in System Commander 's Technical Support that is an MCSE ! Can you believe it ? All that studying to get an MCSE so he can tell people `` I do n't know '' . V-Com -LRB- System Commander -RRB- better make some changes in their Customer Service and Technical Support Departments or they wo n't be in business much longer .
 I own the System Commander 2000 version and it is not all its cracked up to be . When partitions grow too large the software ca n't resize the partitions . I have tried to resize partitions greater than 3.5 GB only to have the software tell me it needs more RAM . I have added more RAM , now I have 768 MB and the problem still persists . The problem is n't a need for RAM but in the software 's proper access of RAM.VCOM knows about the problem but has quietly hidden it . They readily admit the problem still exists in the new version , SC7 , but are doing nothing for customers who own previous version to my knowledge.My advice do n't buy this product until they have fixed the RAM error in their product .
 I attempted to use this product for a dual boot of Windows ME and Windows XP -LRB- RC2 -RRB- . It did not work.I thought that since XP was in beta SC2000 could n't support it yet -LRB- despite claims on v-com 's web site -RRB- , so I set up a dual boot of Windows ME and RedHat Linux 7.1 . It did not work.I sent two emails to their tech support . The response -LRB- in broken english -RRB- was `` that right . does not work with ... `` I would have been better off flushing the ... down the ... -LRB- I could have saved four hours -RRB-
 It would be very hard for me ever to use this product ever again -LRB- what ever future version comes out -RRB- . This program ripped my mbr apart destroyed all my partitons in one sroke . I must have been possed that they , I have been a Partition magic using since version 2 and will stay that way -LRB- current proad 5 star user of version 6 -RRB- .
 I purchased the DataPilot software within days of purchasing my new LG PM-325 phone and was excited about the advertised ability to keep my mobile phone 's calendar and phonebook synchronized with those in Microsoft Outlook . What I did n't expect is a quirky and unreliable product that would cause me far more frustration than having to manually synchronize that data.Here are the problems I 've encountered attempting to run this under Windows XP Professional -LRB- these may or may not be universal issues -RRB- :1 . In addition to the phonebook entries in my phone , I also have a separate set of voicedial numbers . Uploading phonebook data to the phone causes voicedial numbers to be changed and/or deleted . The first time I noticed this was when DataPilot changed the voicedial number associated with my voicemail to that of my university newspaper . Other times , voicedial numbers were simply deleted , causing me to look like an idiot trying to tell to the phone to call an entry that no longer existed .2 . Contacts uploaded to the phone for Outlook had email addresses randomly shuffled . If a contact did not have an email address in Outlook , for instance , it might show up in my mobile phone with an email address of some other seemingly random contact . This can be awkward when attempting to send an email to a contact and having it go to the wrong person .3 . I 've consistently had problems with the software working properly -- and this is my biggest gripe with the software . I use DataPilot with my laptop and therefore am constantly having to connect and disconnect the USB cable . Sometimes things will work fine and then other times DataPilot will malfunction with a Windows error that says `` One of the USB devices attached to this computer has malfunctioned , and Windows does not recognize it . '' I 'll then have to completely uninstall and reinstall the software in order to get it to work again.In addition to the above , I 've run into even more frustrating problems with the software lately . I can not even uninstall the USB drivers in order to reinstall the software and have run into some extremely quirky behavior with the installation software for reasons I am still trying to figure out.In my opinion , the software is simply not worth the trouble , although I will say that when it actually works , the calendar synchronization works quite well . But , I really wish I had read reviews from others before spending $ 59.95 on it directly from Susteen and having to go through all the headaches and frustration I have had to endure . I only hope that I can return the product and get my money back .
 I bought this useless program to help me with scheduling/calendaring . After 2.5 hours spent trying to install the program , going through the entire exercise twice , I have given up and am returning it.It shipped as version 3.4 . During installation you are forced to upgrade through 3.6 , 3.7 , 3.8.0 , 3.8.1 , 3.8.2 , 3.9 , 3.10 , and 3.11 , as well as to upgrade the USB drivers . This takes a while , and does no good as the calendaring functionality just does n't work . Instead you get a messagebox about how `` The program excute environment may be corrupted '' -LSB- sic -RSB- . Phone
 I upgraded my cell phone to a new Samsung A560 and figured this was a good time to get some software to allow me to back up and restore my address book and calendar . I checked out Datapilot and saw they support my phone for these functions , so I shucked out the $ 34.95 to download the software -LRB- for instant gratification . -RRB- Installation was smooth and seemless , and I got a rush of excitement when it recognized the phone and began downloading the phone book . I also downloaded the calendar with no problems . Then I made some changes to the calendar and uploaded to the phone . Worked beautifully.Then I made some changes to the phonebook and upload ... First sign of danger was a warning message saying that it did n't recognize numbers listed as `` Mobile '' and would place it in the phone as `` Other . '' Okay ... So I click `` Continue '' and the software starts the upload . Then , the whole thing freezes and the software tells me there 's a communications error.When I checked my phone , it was EMPTY . Everything there was wiped out!I immediately went to the website and looked for answers , but there were none to be found , so I opened a `` Support Ticket . '' What a laugh ! That was one week ago and it still has NOT BEEN LOOKED AT!Today I went for broke and decided to call their Tech Support phone number . It was repeatedly busy , but after 15 minutes of redialing it finally got through.Well , I 'm still on hold , listening to their on-hold music and occassional message telling me `` All support technicians are busy with other calls . `` I 've been on hold for 80 minutes ! Thanks god I have an internet phone and I 'm not actually paying for this hold time.I have now decided to give up on DataPilot and Susteen . They 'll take your money , and their product may or may not work for you . If it does n't work for you ... . Buyer Beware !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- When the software arrived , I read the directions that said it should be installed before the cable or phone was connected . Okay good - I 'm glad I waited . I popped the CD in and it started up an installer program . I looked through the online manual , then clicked `` Install '' . After some disk whirring , it prompted me to accept a license agreement , and then to enter the serial number . So I type in the number that 's printed on the label on the front of the jewel case insert.Well , hmmmmph ! I must 've made a typo . So I typed it again , carefully . Same thing , it says it 's an invalid serial number . I try an `` I '' instead of a `` 1 '' . I try all lower case instead of upper case . I enter it over and over again , and nothing works . So I visit Susteen 's Support Site and look for an answer . I found suggestions to reboot , to make sure there was only one copy of the installer running , to clean out the \ winnt \ temp directory , to clean out the \ winnt \ installer directory ... I tried all those things , and nothing helped . So I went back to the website and created a support ticket -LRB- 2380-1849322 -RRB- , just like they said . I described the problem as well as I could . In response , I got a canned message via email with some `` You must be stupid , let me tell you how a computer works '' kind of help , including the stuff they 'd suggested that I 'd already tried . I captured a screen shot , then went back to their website and submitted that , saying their canned messages had n't helped , and I 'd tried everything they had told me to do , with no luck.Six days later , they responded with `` It 's been a few days since I left a message and I have not heard from you , please feel free to re-open the ticket if you still need assistance . '' and they marked the ticket as closed and RESOLVED . I was livid.I reopened the ticket and responded
 Go to their website and see how much support the software offers for your particular phone . For my LG PM-325 , this package is not really worth it . It can download the phone #s off my phone . But it ca n't retrieve my ringtones nor can I upload ringtones to the phone . It can get pictures from my phone but it can not upload to the phone . Kind of pointless with such limited features.Worst part is the length of time it takes to update the software . Its ridiculous as one writer wrote having to upgrade each incremental update yourself -LRB- 3.1 , 3.2 , 3.3 , 3.4 ... 3.11 -RRB- .
 Similar experience as most of the other reviewers . Very buggy , unreliable and poorly written software . If Amazon is smart , they will pull products from Susteen out of their system.I 've submitted a ticket to Susteen tech support , but do n't expect much help based on the other users ' experience.Run , do n't walk , away from DataPilot .
 I had problems from the start with this product . After emailing tech support all they did was repeatedly quote solutions that were on their website FAQ 's -LRB- which I had already tried and notified them of that in my email -RRB- . They chose to ignore my subsequent emails telling them that none of their solutions worked . They kept trying to close the ticket without finding out if their solution worked for me . I have had the ticket open for a month and still no response even after sending follow-up emails to them.Stay away from this product and anything made by Susteen !!!
 I recently purchased this cable and software for my LG phone . Worked fine moments after install , then lost connection to phone . Only after a re-install did it work again , and that was momentarily as well . Now not able to use software at all . Definitely a rip off .
 I purchased the DataPilot for my Kyocera phone but this will apply to all DataPilot products . Susteen advertises that you can upload , download and manage your cellphone contacts with this easy to use software . The software is easy to use - after you get through the installation and update maze however this product DOES NOT WORK AS ADVERTISED . After spending the money , waiting for the product and a seemingly endless series of installation/update steps , it only picked up about half of my total contacts list . When I went to the website looking for help the answer I got was equivelant to ` Oh , well . That 's just the limits of the software'Needless to say , I will not be buying any more product from Susteen .
 Datapilot wo n't do anything they promise on the box , and worse yet , no help in uninstalling the usb drivers so now every time I plug the phone in , it wants to install a `` Susteen USB modem '' NOT the LG modem I actually need.The `` help '' section at the website is geared towards selling more of their product - nothing at all about getting it off your PC . Ethical software companies understand that their products may not be all things to all people and will tell you how to uninstall the product.Not so at Susteen - nothing at all about uninstalling and getting the driver off your PC.Avoid this product and company like the plague .
 This is horribly written software . Difficult to install . Half the features it says it has do n't even exist . No contact sync , no calendar sync . Wo n't recognize mp3 files . Midi conversion program sort of works but is garbage .
 This software suite works okay with the USB cables provided , though the UI is quite a bit clunky.But when I got a couple new Bluetooth-equipped phones , I decided to use the Bluetooth adapter that came with DataPilot , since none of the cables were compatible . But after I paired the phones with the computer successfully , it turned out the phones were not in the list of those that the software will recognize and communicate with.Since I bought the software about a year ago , I stupidly purchased the updated DataPilot software from the Susteen web site . I installed the update , and guess what ? Those phones still are n't reachable via Bluetooth by DataPilot . These are a Samsung M300 and a Sanyo SCP-3200 , not some rare , cutting edge , uncommon models . The web site assures me I could buy the USB cables for about $ 35 each , though.On top of that , the Susteen web site registration page always gave me an error message when I tried to register my software purchase . I contacted customer support via the Susteen web site , and a couple days later I received a reply via e-mail for what might be a similar problem on another page . Since I had no issue with that other page , only the registration one , I wrote back to this customer support person an e-mail message clarifying what I was having trouble with and asked for advice . No reply . I re-sent the message a week or so later . Still no reply . I re-send . Again , no reply . I 'm on my fourth re-send . Will they ever respond ?
 am both an IT Technician and an Application Developer.I purchased Data Pilot like everyone else , hoping that it would do what it boasted to do . I was disapointed with the product almost immediately.First it would not recognize that my phone was conneccted . I had to download updates to their USB Drivers to get that to work . Granted the updates did work , but not always . Many times I would attempt to do something only to have the program not see my phone . I would have to remove and reconnect the phone , shut it off and turn it back on , stand on my head , and pick my nose at the same time to get it to work.After getting fed up with the program I decided enough was enough . I decided to uninstall it using the standard Windows Add/Remove Programs . No luck , the computer reported back that I did not have permission to do this even though I was logged on as an Administrator with all the rights associated with it.I contacted them through email and waited . 3 months later I contacted them again . Several months later I still did n't hear from them so I contacted them again.That time I worded my email a bit more angrily . I finaly got an email back explaining how to manually uninstall the program . This had a lot of Registry modifications . Did it work ? No , read on ... Now , almost a year later I am getting an Installer dialog box of Data Pilot trying to reinstall itself whenever I use a feature of another program that has n't been used yet.I 'm certain that the only way to get rid of this lousy program is to rebuild my Operating System with the option of deleting and recreating the system partition.DO NOT BUY OR INSTALL ANYTHING THAT SUSTEEN SELLS !!!
 Ideally , you would n't have to think about backing up phone numbers stored in your cell phone . Your mobile phone company would take care of it for you , and store your backups automaticaly on their servers . But life is n't so ideal . You have the choice of not bothering to backup the numbers or using DataPilot . There are no other aleternatives that I know of.I want to use DataPilot for one thing only -- to store a backup of numbers stored in my phone . Someday , I may have to restore that backup . That 's it . The program ought to have a few buttons , almost no options , and be trivial to use . Instead , it has many dozen menus and options . I think I have saved my phone numbers , but I am not really sure.Given there is no alternative , it is worth the aggravation to get this to work . But the people who designed this ought to be ashamed of themselves . Rather than making it really really easy to archive a list of phone nubmers , they have produced a program that I suppose does other things too , but is hard to use.ALso beware of the packaging . It takes serious effort and tools to open up the package . It is way harder to open than most electronic or software products .
 This review applys to the GMAT software included in this software bundle . I was quite frustrated with this software . Yes , there are some good lessons and practice tests here , but I think your money might be better spent buying a book and using the FREE software provided by the GMAT organization . The navigation and sophistication of this tool were disappointing . Examples of this include the following points
 Here 's the message from EncoreUSA , the software publisher : `` Limited Macintosh Intel Core Duo supportUnless specifically listed in your product 's System Requirements , Macintosh systems running on Intel technology are not supported . `` In other words , it wo n't install on a MacBook.Besides that it has an uber cheesy interface and is designed for the old GRE test -LRB- which had an analytic problem solving section and different timing on the quantitative -RRB- . Even if you do n't have a new Mac , it is n't worth buying.It really should n't even be sold anymore .
 This review applys to the GMAT software included in this software bundle . I was quite frustrated with this software . Yes , there are some good lessons and practice tests here , but I think your money might be better spent buying a book and using the FREE software provided by the GMAT organization . The navigation and sophistication of this tool were disappointing . Examples of this include the following points
 This review refers to the 2001 distribution of this game `` Copyright Riverdeep Interactive Learning '' , which is a re-packaging of the original 1999 release by The Learning Company . The 2001 re-release claims to add support for Windows XP -LRB- though not Windows 2000 -RRB- and apparently continues to be sold on Amazon -LRB- where I bought it -RRB- and other internet stores , despite the fact that the game is essentially a `` dead game '' that wo n't run on any modern Windows version , including Windows XP.I am not the first to point this out , but since I got burned by this , I 'm adding another 1-star review , and I 'll provide a little more detail than the other reviews that just say `` wo n't run '' . The content of this game is probably stellar , but this game should not be expected to run on any modern Windows OS computer , despite the claim to be compatible with Windows XP . -LRB- Note that the game does n't claim compatibility with Windows 2000 or Vista or later versions . Also note that the claim to run on Windows XP might have been true back in 2001 , but has clearly ceased to be true since then . -RRB- If running on anything newer than a pure Windows Me system is a concern for you , I recommend Googling on `` Carmen Sandiego Time Ca n't Install Windows '' before taking a chance on purchasing either the 1999 The Learning Company version or the 2001 Riverdeep version.More details ... If you have a `` pure '' Windows 95 , 98 , or Me system still running , then you may be able to run this version . Also , you might be OK if you have a Windows XP system that is still at Service Pack 2 or earlier . -LRB- But who maintains such an unsupported system today ? -RRB- Here 's a little more detail gleaned from my own fruitless attempts to get this to run
 Do n't buy this program . It 's from 1999 and although it says Mac and Windows compatible , it wo n't work on a computer running Windows 7 nor on a 2010 vintage iMac . It runs on my 2007 Windows notebook with Windows XP , except it crashes every few minutes .
 would n't work on my apple mac like was told . also I did n't get the change to send it back so I could get my money back . Gloria K freestone
 This product did n't work and contained viruses in the set up prossess . So instead of setting up my game i downloaded viruses onto my hard-drive . The cd was defective and had no right being offered to anyone on this website .
 I love Carmen San Diego & was so excited to get this for my kids . However , it never worked properly . We did n't even get the game to start w/o crashing . Same happened w / other Carmen San Diego games . Bummer !!!
 Again , a big waste of money . My daughter loved the Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego that we bought through Scholastic , so I thought I would treat her to a few other Carmen Sandiego videos . This product wo n't even install . It gets caught up when trying to load the Quick Time feature . I am very dissapointed with Space Bound for selling us `` brand new '' garbage .
 Usually programs that work on Win 98 will work on Win XP and Win 2000 . Not this one . Just be aware of this .
 This product does n't support Classic mode and wont work on Mac OS X or later
 I purchased this product instead of the Motorola datacable because of the many neat features promised . The software provides a way to save your phone directory to the PC , edit ring tones , among other features.However , the product is so buggy and poorly realized that it is unfortunately as waste of time and money . I tried installing the product on 2 machines , one with Windows 2k and one with Windows XP , and neither was able to communicate with the phone . In addition I had to download additional drivers and software just to get the program to install.The instructions to install the drivers are lacking in detail , and fail to deal with the common error messages you may recieve . Lastly , the USB driver is not really USB at all , but emulates a serial port and uses one of the COM port resources.The program has other quirks , like the inability to save the phone configuration unless the program can communicate with the phone , and some menu items that simply do not work . For example , pressing the `` home '' menu brought up a message that was simply '' -LRB- -RRB- `` Tech support is about on par with most companies these days - which means not very good . Expect to get lots of emails that simply tell you to reinstall the drivers.All in all , this is a poorly executed product . Save your money and frustration and look elsewhere .
 This is one of the worst products I 've purchased in a long time . I wasted hours -LRB- along with several other engineers in our IT dept -RRB- trying to get this to work with my Motorola 720 . We downloaded the latest USB drivers , the latest version of Datapilot , installed it on 4 different machines running three different operating systems -LRB- 98,2000 , XP -RRB- but were never able to get it to consistently recognize the phone and sync . The support docs at their site are little to no help . `` Download the latest drivers '' is about all they recommend.It seems the USB drivers attempt to emulate a serial port on the PC -LRB- I guess so they would n't have to actually update the datapilot software ???? -RRB- . This is a very flaky solution . The whole purpose , for most people , of buying a USB connected device is to avoid the hassle of working with serial ports . So now , in addition to getting the right USB drivers installed , you have make sure your system has resources available for the emulated serial port . What 's the point ? I say If your not going to do USB the right way , do n't do it at all.Even when we got the cable working and were able to transfer data to the phone -LRB- at the painfully slow 9600kbps that their emulated port defaults to -RRB- it only lasted till the next reboot.All of the conflicts reappeared when the machine came back up and Datapilot could no longer find the phone.Save your time and money . This is alpha quality code and they should apologize for unleashing it on their customers .
 With just a little assistance from the help file and User Guide I was able to identify my phone -LRB- Motorola t720 , -RRB- import my contacts from Outlook 2002 and transfer to my phone . Although seemingly successful , there were limitations . The transfer wiped out the phonebook on my SIM card but it did n't place any contacts there . The help file gives loose instructions to direct a contact from the DataPilot 's phonebook manager on the PC to the SIM phonebook . I was unable to get this feature to work ; the DataPilot 's phonebook manager inevitably converted my changes and placed those contacts in the phone memory . The phonebook in the phone can store multiple numbers for a contact but the software 's phonebook manager does not transfer more than one phone number per contact ; though it will import up to 6 numbers from Outlook?The calendar transfer was more successful . I was pleased with that function.I 'll investigate Motorola 's pricier option ... If they provide the functionality I 'm looking for , I 'll go for it .
 Installed twice from CD , but program is `` unable to find '' a critical file . On-line troubleshooting guide is a waste of time for this problem . Telephone tech support is only available M-F 8-5 , and email support promises a two-day response but so far nothing after seven days . The only function in the program that works is the link to their web site .
 This software got the one star only because I can not give it a zero.The main reason I spent $ 50 on this is for the phonebook transfer between my Outlook and my Motorola T730 . I do n't care about ringtones or calendar or whatever . I have a laptop and a PDA for that stuff . I want this to make it easier to do what a phone is supposed to do.The import function is sub-standard in that there was all sorts of mis-read information after I read in my comma-delimited file from Outlook . Then I came to discover that only one phone number per entry is allowed ! That , after it supposedly can read in several phone numbers into its database on the PC . That was the show stopper . It goes back to the store tomorrow.Do NOT waste your time with this software !
 I purchased the Datapilot software from Amazon/Global Phone Company for $ 42 + shipping . My intent was to transfer my Outlook contacts information as well as transfer some ring tones , as advertised by the software manufacturer Susteen , to my new Motorola E815 cell phone . On loading the software onto my PC , and installing the driver as required all was fine . After that it was all downhill . The software imports the Outlook contact list in a spreadshhet type format . If you have more than one phone number for a single contact , you must manually create another entry for that contact , only 1 phone number per contact prior to transferring to the cell phone . If you have two phone lists you want to merge , like a partial contct list on your new cell phone with your contact list from Outlook -LRB- in my case about 120 contacts -RRB- , you will need to purchase the `` Corporate Version '' of Datapilot . Out of the 5 or 6 advertised functions provided by Datapilot , 3 can not be used with my Motorola E815 . I never succeeded in transferring the Outlook Contact list from my PC to cell phone because it could never locate the cell phone and the transfer always ended in an error - `` can not locate ... '' I am in process of requesting a refund from Amazon/Global - no response yet . I 'll wait a see how reputable they are on this .
 Too bad we ca n't give a negative number of stars.First , recognize that I am an electronics engineer who works with -LRB- and sometimes designs parts of -RRB- computers every single day of my life , including using/installing incredibly complicated pieces of software that cost thousands of dollars . I am extremely computer savvy and technically literate . Also , recognize that my computer , my OS , and my phone were supposed to be 100 % compatible with the Datapilot software.That having been said , I 've just finished spending approximately 6 hours trying to get the software to work with my phone , as well as rehabilitating my computer from the damaged caused by the attempts at getting Datapilot to work.I 've read every bit of the installation instructions . I 've read every potentially related article in their `` knowledge base '' . I 've tried everything they recommend as well as everything else I could think of , reinstalling things many times over . I 've completely verified , by other means , that everything on my end -LRB- computer , phone , USB connection , etc. -RRB- works just fine with other applications and when used in any other manner * except * with the Datapilot software . I 've verified , time and time again , that the drivers are the correct ones according to their instructions , and that the drivers are being installed properly , and that there is absolutely no problem.Except that Datapilot absolutely will not recognize my phone , no matter what.I 've never requested a refund on any piece of software before , and I 've never posted a software review anywhere before , but this is an outrageously bad piece of software . -LRB- Or else their compatibility list is a lie . -RRB- Aside from the software just not working , there are problems with various pieces of documentation conflicting with each other , also.I 've requested a refund -LRB- I bought the software directly from Datapilot , not through Amazon -RRB- . However , in detailed searching of their Knowledge Base , I now find that they say that a refund of something bought via credit card may take up to 2 billing cycles -LRB- i.e. up to 2 months -RRB- to show back up as a refund , which is ridiculous . They also say that they are going to charge a $ 9.95 `` handling fee '' regardless of the reason for the refund . The price of the software alone , in downloaded version not on CD , was $ 34.95 . So they are charging nearly 30 % of the purchase price for `` handling '' of something that is not physical and does n't require any re-stocking or anything like that . And that refund policy is not posted in the normal website any place where you might possible see it before you buy.Although I 've never requested a software refund before , and only once or twice in my life requested a refund on other types of products , at this point I 'm prepared to take them to court and spend even more money just for the satisfaction of getting that extra $ 9.95 back . I 've never been more livid about a purchase in my life.If I do n't hear back from them right away and get a full refund very quickly , I 'm definitely reporting them to the Better Business Bureau in any case.The bottom line is that it 's a great idea . And you may get lucky -LRB- like one or two of the people here -RRB- and have it work for you . But for most people it 's a complete waste of time and money .
 Version 5.3.0 comes up with an error of
 I agree with the negative views of others.My problem is that the program will not install at all , much less give me problems after installation . There is no installation!I filled out a tech support `` ticket '' as requested by the website . It lay open for three weeks without any response from Susteen , until this week , when I was e-mailed a customer support number to call . When I called the number , the guy on the other end asked `` Why are you calling me ? This is a technical problem ! `` Well , fellow , for one this is the number Susteeen gave me to call . For another , you are customer support . This is a technical product . What else would customer support do?I have tried every trick on the Susteen website to correct my error . None of them worked . Customer support kept asking me to uninstall the product and re-install it . -LRB- Did n't I just tell him my problem was that it would not install in the first place ?! -RRB- He asked for my e-mail early on , to verify my purchase , then , when he said he was going to get someone to e-mail some possible solutions , he asked for it again . Hello ... Are you listening at all , Susteen?Given the restocking fee , plus postage , it is not worth the lost time sending the product back . I 've a new grandaughter on the way . Maybe I can hang the CD over her crib . It 's not worth much for anything else.Don ' t buy this product .
 I bought this product and the truth was dissapointing , I have a Motorola V60i which I could synchronize without problem , except because at the time of seeing I telephone of the directory one because they appear rare things . Now as far as the part of RINGTONES , because in my I telephone I must enter them of manually , which is too boring , but nonsingle that , if not that when reproducing them in my cellular one is listened to any thing . The truth is a bad item , I do not recommend for anything this software.Be carefull .
 I am computer savvy , and this item just does not work . It does not connect and hangs up my new computer , slowing it down significantly . I tried it with another computer , with the same results . Tech Support was very poor . There are other manufacturers who sell similiar products . Go with them instead , and save yourself the frustration and money.I strongly recommend that others avoid this product and this company .
 for $ 34.99 , you get a USB cable and software . susteen sells the cable separately for $ 29.95 on their web site . so if you think of the software as only costing $ 5 , it 's not too bad a deal . -LRB- i do n't understand how they can charge that for a cable that cost $ 0.50 to make , but that 's another matter -RRB- . i bought this because i got a new phone . i wanted to pull phonebook information from my old phone and from my outlook contacts and load them all onto my new phone . it turned into quite a chore and took several hours.first issue
 Too bad we ca n't give a negative number of stars.First , recognize that I am an electronics engineer who works with -LRB- and sometimes designs parts of -RRB- computers every single day of my life , including using/installing incredibly complicated pieces of software that cost thousands of dollars . I am extremely computer savvy and technically literate . Also , recognize that my computer , my OS , and my phone were supposed to be 100 % compatible with the Datapilot software.That having been said , I 've just finished spending approximately 6 hours trying to get the software to work with my phone , as well as rehabilitating my computer from the damaged caused by the attempts at getting Datapilot to work.I 've read every bit of the installation instructions . I 've read every potentially related article in their `` knowledge base '' . I 've tried everything they recommend as well as everything else I could think of , reinstalling things many times over . I 've completely verified , by other means , that everything on my end -LRB- computer , phone , USB connection , etc. -RRB- works just fine with other applications and when used in any other manner * except * with the Datapilot software . I 've verified , time and time again , that the drivers are the correct ones according to their instructions , and that the drivers are being installed properly , and that there is absolutely no problem.Except that Datapilot absolutely will not recognize my phone , no matter what.I 've never requested a refund on any piece of software before , and I 've never posted a software review anywhere before , but this is an outrageously bad piece of software . -LRB- Or else their compatibility list is a lie . -RRB- Aside from the software just not working , there are problems with various pieces of documentation conflicting with each other , also.I 've requested a refund -LRB- I bought the software directly from Datapilot , not through Amazon -RRB- . However , in detailed searching of their Knowledge Base , I now find that they say that a refund of something bought via credit card may take up to 2 billing cycles -LRB- i.e. up to 2 months -RRB- to show back up as a refund , which is ridiculous . They also say that they are going to charge a $ 9.95 `` handling fee '' regardless of the reason for the refund . The price of the software alone , in downloaded version not on CD , was $ 34.95 . So they are charging nearly 30 % of the purchase price for `` handling '' of something that is not physical and does n't require any re-stocking or anything like that . And that refund policy is not posted in the normal website any place where you might possible see it before you buy.Although I 've never requested a software refund before , and only once or twice in my life requested a refund on other types of products , at this point I 'm prepared to take them to court and spend even more money just for the satisfaction of getting that extra $ 9.95 back . I 've never been more livid about a purchase in my life.If I do n't hear back from them right away and get a full refund very quickly , I 'm definitely reporting them to the Better Business Bureau in any case.The bottom line is that it 's a great idea . And you may get lucky -LRB- like one or two of the people here -RRB- and have it work for you . But for most people it 's a complete waste of time and money .
 What a rip off ! You can download updates for 6 months for free . Most people get a new phone in 1-2 years . Guess what ? Your new phone will not work with the old software ! They will give you a `` promotional '' -LRB- read SUCKER -RRB- discount that `` allows '' you to purchase the latest versionn that will work with your phone for $ 27.00 . Gee thanks ... NOT ! Do n't waste your money with this company 's product .
 Screwed up my phone so bad , I had to send it back to Sanyo for a replacement !
 The software is quite balky and poorly designed . The interface is awkward and shows its 1980 's origins . Nonetheless , if you can get it to recognize your phone -LRB- not always easy -RRB- , it will work . It works once or twice . Then it will tell you that it has detected that you have installed it on multiple computers in violation of your EULA and it will cease to function . -LRB- Now , please realize that we have not installed it on multiple computers . -RRB- In calls to customer service and tech support , as the warning notice advises you to do if you have not installed it on multiple computers , is a complete waste of time . First , getting through is difficult . Restricted hours and long waits in the queue to talk with a human.If you ever do manage to talk with a human about this problem , they accuse you of lying and indicated that their software is flawless . Only people who install it on more than one machine get that error and have their software disabled . The only change I made to the computer was adding a USB hub , but the phone was n't even plugged into that hub ! The only `` major '' thing that happened was that some `` Windows Updates '' were installed -LRB- automatically -RRB- . So it is unlikely it was due to the change in machine configuration . And even if it was , this would be a sign of a really poorly designed product . But to accuse people of lying suggests a really shady corporation as well . I 'm guessing this corporation is one big SCAM.Avoid this product if at all possible . It probably will work , although awkwardly , for a few times . So if $ 40 is worth it to back up one phone and transfer to another , then go ahead . But for anyone who wants to use it regularly , look elsewhere . There are many alternatives . BitPim , for example , is better and is free . Xilimobile is perfect -LRB- also free -RRB- if it supports your phone.SAVE YOUR MONEY . LOOK FOR SOMETHING ELSE . It 's three strikes
 They promised `` the most robust data management solution that allows sync and individualizing your mobile phone '' , well let me tell you this Susteen staff
 I have had trouble with this software to translate English to Spanish . It seems to lock up on the computer , and no instruction came with the software .
 I regret buying this software . After spending hours putting in my recipes and creating a shopping list , it crashed on me when I tried to print the shopping list , causing me to lose the list and the I made to it . It also freezes when I 'm printing recipes . As a whole , the interface feels very amateurish . It 's definitely not worth the over inflated price . In this case , you do n't get what you pay for .
 Anyone looking for check printing software to use with Quicken or Quickbooks 2011 should look elsewhere , at least for now . The version being sold here and in the retail outlets is Version 10.0 , which is not compatable with Quicken 2011 - not compatable as in it will not read the datafile to generate checks . There is supposed to be a new version , called either 2011 or 11.0 , depending on where you read about it . However , I can not find it in any of the retail channels , including Amazon , and in fact , the Avanquest web site link for ordering it `` straight from the publisher '' seems to be offering the old version 10 , even though they call it `` NEW '' .
 Despite the ad this does n't work with Quicken 2008 or Quickbooks 2009 . There are apparently no product patches or updates which deal with this problem .
 This is the most frustrating program I ever buy , the technical support is a waist of time they send me to a web page advancetech and never find an answer for my question I have the program for about 9 Days and I ca n`t figure out how to make a check I can only get blank checks I can not fill the information that I want to put , like amount payee and to who so I ` m going to remove it from my computer and return it to the store and buy Versacheck 2008 to see if that one is better than this crap . So any one to want to be frustrated with this program feel free to buy it
 Buy one of their products once and the will hound with special offer E-mails twice a day for the rest of your life ! Unsubscribing from their mailing list does no good , the SPAM just keeps coming !
 I have attempted to install and use this program numerous times and have spoke with the company for technical advice all to no avail ... a total waste of fifty dollars . Would not recommend this to anyone !
 Each design component of this program is easy to understand and quite similar in execution to other label programs on the market . But it was not a stable program on my VISTA operating system , nor was it entirely on XP . Often the existing files were difficult to find and , when found , opened up incredibly slowly . Then , when opened , objects you thought you had placed accurately and saved in position were overlapping or otherwise moved , or they had disappeared entirely . Esssentially , then , I was just rebuilding the label all the time . Then , when pritning the labels , some did not align . I had no problem with 4 x 1 or other return address labels aligning properly . But no amount of calibration got standard business cards to align.From Avery 's website , I thus downloaded a free program that offers all the design options offered by MyLabel . It saves the labels accurately , and it aligns the labels and business cards better . It 's also a lot easier to operate -- except for the printing options.But the only advantage the MyLabel program has over the Avery is that the printing options are superior . You can do a print preview and just `` X '' out the labels you want to skip on MyLabel . The Avery free program 's printing options are more complicated . I still have n't figure the out.Even so , once I installed Avery 's free program , I uninstalled MyLabel , after using it for years , flaws and all . It simply never interfaced well with VISTA or XP , and it became more trouble than it was worth .
 Not very easy to use.Help files are not very well organized.Simple label task become a nightmare and can take hours to research often resulting in not being able to accomplish what I need to doText fields are not easy to place and align . This is NOT a WYSIWYG designer . I often have to accept overlapping text fields in the designer , so it creates a lot of trial and error printing.Increment a simple numeric filed becomes an absolute nightmare ! I do n't want or should not need to create data entry table etc just to print ten labels with one simple field that increments by 1 from 5001 to 5010The on line help is not good . I have a very fast internet connection but still loading a help subject can take MINUTES.I noticed when the online help is active my system cpu usage pops up to 100 % -LRB- quad core Xeon 2.8 GHz -RRB- when I kill the on-line help cpu usage drops to normal.Clearly a problem with the help engine code.This my an humble evaluation , and I really wish some company will soon produce a `` real EASY to USE label design program '' . I 've tried several . Each one I 've tried has something good , but end up with poor UI.Conclusion
 Easy to use , could do all the items I needed to . However this was my second upgrade , and some of my data base and lables didnt transfer from the old version to the new , which ment hrs of re-designing . parts of the new program didnt load and THEN IT HAPPEND ! WHEN TRYING TO OPEN THE PROGRAM IT LOCKED UP MY WHOLE COMPUTER . After getting my computer up and running I contacted their customer service dept , short of disasembaling my computer and hrs of install , remove , reboot and everything else the common user doesent know or want to deal with , they just stoped responding to my e mails . Iffy .
 Not only does this program hardly differ from the original program made in 1994 , you can not transfer the files for past programs leaving you to manually input the thousands of addresses wasting literally weeks of valuable time . And when you finally get all the files inputted , you discover that you ca n't transfer the data TO THE SAME PROGRAM ON THE SAME OPERATING SYSTEM . Seriously , the backup for the program does n't even work . Do not waste money on this program .
 I bought this to be able to print my checks . I had quicken on my old computer and did not want to put it on my new machine . I thought this product would do the job . But getting it to find the printer has already taken three days of my time and it just is n't worth it . I 'll go back to hand written . . My printer works fine on everything but this . The product continues to send to the print queue but an error message continues to pop up . No printing . I gave up .
 If all you want to do is print a blank check to write out by hand , Check soft is for you . If you are a Quicken user wanting to print checks using your Quicken program , set aside most of the day to `` design '' your checks and pick your `` style '' so that they print correctly using Quicken . The days of simply entering your check information and hitting print from Quicken does n't exist with Checksoft . You are required to `` design '' your checks using templates . There are NO templates for check paper . You have to select a template and then erase all of the background details just to start . If you want to print the payees name and address on the check as well , you will be required to redesign the entire check . I spent 1 hour on the phone with Checksoft before they were able to explain how to do it . There was NOTHING in the help menus to get you to the windows the tech took me to . This has to be the most unnecessarily difficult and convuluted software I have EVER used ! Next time ... . It 's Versa Check ! If you have several bank accounts , be prepared to repeat this process for each one !
 It 's not a bad product for what it does , so if you needs are very simple it might work for you.IT WO N'T PRINT onto your pre-printed checks that you order for your laser jet from your bank . Why ? You can customize almost everything but the MICR code . It wants to print this and does not allow you to tell it not too . Therefore if you already have MICR on your checks it will print a second one . I guess this is there way of trying to corner the check reorder process.Also , in voucher form they allude that you can print out detailed information . I found no way of doing that . No way to customize the ledger application . They could have done better .
 I am a big Wheel Of Fortune champ , but this has got to be one of the worst computer games ever ! Probably because it 's so old . The production looks so cheap and hokey and there 's only one good category
 Operation is inconsistent and erratic . I think it out of date with newer operating systems . The old version works much better .
 I paid for a new Wheel of Fortune 2 dvd game and recieved an old defective one . We were happy with the Wheel of Fortune game till it kept freezing on us . I have a new dell computer . Nothingbutsoftware does not reply promptly.Amazon.com is still a great site they answered promptly .
 I am a big Vanna White fan . I have Wheel of Fortune on the DS and i love it . But look at Vanna White on the cover . Her lipstick is ugly , her dress is ugly , even her mascara is ugly.Her hair is very pretty , but still , look at Vanna White 's makeup . Her Makeup is ugly.Rating
 There are three cd 's that come in this package . One of the cds does not install , the other two work great . The cdrom that does not work is made by a different company than the other two . I am a computer programmer so I do know how to install the software . My daughter enjoys the other two cd 's though and has learned a lot .
 This product was so lame . Microsoft Word offers more publishing features , graphics , etc. . Please do n't waste your time or money on this .
 The `` Excellerator '' may have been an up-to-date program when it was created -LRB- which I doubt , due to the methods of changing the WIN.INI file and other equally pre-95 Windows fixes -RRB- , but seven years later it most definitely is not . `` Excellerator '' is presented as an up-to-date program on par with other current educational programs -- working on WIN 95/98/2000 / XP . It does not!The first two disks will not even play on a WIN 98 -LRB- P-Pro 2000 -RRB- and disks 3 & 4 will only play with much coaxing and re-arrangement of system specs.If you want a program that is easy to use out of the box , here are some other major `` Excellerator '' flaws to look out for : * The programs do not interface with current computer speeds and specifications . -LRB- At the very least , most people will have to lower their color resolution or the programs will not play at all . -RRB- * If they run , the programs ONLY install in Root Directories -LRB- I tried several variations and it only accepts Root -RRB- and are totally oblivious to the concept of an `` uninstall '' . * They are not recognized in the `` ADD/REMOVE Programs Profiles '' -LRB- the only small blessing in removal -- IF you can find all of the directories , files and line changes it has made -RRB- . * The programs are unaware of registries and create & overwrite several . INI files . * The files are created/changed without giving the installer a chance to accept or decline those changes.All in all -- since only 2 of the 4 disks actually work -- AND those two require so much pre-installation prep-work -- these are not a good investment as compared to many newer , equally entertaining and educational programs .
 THIS SOFTWARE SHOULD BE TAKEN OFF THE MARKET FOR MISREPRESENTATION . I purchased this software and encountered various problems . For one , the first two discs out of the set will not load correctly . In speaking with TOPICS entertainment 's support team , they explained that the problem was due to a temp folder that was over crowded . I resolved the installation problem by following the advice of the tech . It eventually installed , but on to the next problem . These first two discs have a voice recognition feature which was not described on the box itself . I proceeded to set up my Microphone to work with this new found feature only to be LET down . The IBM Via Voice component will not even work with my XP . I was told by TOPICS Tech support that the programs voice recognition feature is only compatible with Win 98 . What good is a program if it says on the box that it is compatible with XP and the programs features will not even work on XP . I believe misrepresentation of the programs capabilities is something every consumer ought to be aware of with this software . Now I am stuck with a program that is not 100 % capable of performing .
 THIS SOFTWARE SHOULD BE TAKEN OFF THE MARKET FOR MISREPRESENTATION . I purchased this software and encountered various problems . For one , the first two discs out of the set will not load correctly . In speaking with TOPICS entertainment 's support team , they explained that the problem was due to a temp folder that was over crowded . I resolved the installation problem by following the advice of the tech . It eventually installed , but on to the next problem . These first two discs have a voice recognition feature which was not described on the box itself . I proceeded to set up my Microphone to work with this new found feature only to be LET down . The IBM Via Voice component will not even work with my XP . I was told by TOPICS Tech support that the programs voice recognition feature is only compatible with Win 98 . What good is a program if it says on the box that it is compatible with XP and the programs features will not even work on XP . I believe misrepresentation of the programs capabilities is something every consumer ought to be aware of with this software . Now I am stuck with a program that is not 100 % capable of performing .
 This is a defective product . I had the same problems as anonymous from San Jose . I bought it for one of my grandchidren who uses XP and gave it to another who has an Apple . I do n't know yet if it works on the Apple but it sure does n't work with XP . It 's not so good on 98 either . I hope that useless Via Voice does n't screw up the machine . It would n't delete . What a pain !
 If this is anything like Check Designer , stay away . My experience was that the program is incompatible with Quicken 's updates , and needs a new patch every time Quicken revises ... until the latest Quicken update , to which Check Designer is permanently incompatible with . Their tech support responded only by emails and only on a 24-hour turnaround -LRB- so do n't be in a hurry to fix bugs -RRB- , then they send you one goose chase after another , but none makes it work . And then they refuse to t refund the price because it 's after a mere 30 days from purchase ... but we 've been emailing for 30 days alone . That 's my last purchse from Avanquest .
 The program was okay for my purposes except it is not possible to split catagories , so I purchased Quicken Deluxe 2005 to use with the check writing feature . Quicken did an update soon afterward . Checksoft was no longer compatible and I could not print the checks . My emails received no response . I am not about to purchase new versions of Checksoft every time Quicken updates . I have resorted to using Checksoft 's program for printing a check and then registering again in Quicken . It is a hassle and a time-eater !!
 This software will not install . Ca n't tell if it 's due to new Macs or what . Help line has been disconnected . Avanquest stuff you never know what you 're getting and help is almost nonexistent .
 Microsoft no longer offers the code that is required in addition to this DVD . Your only option is a Windows 7 upgrade .
 How could Amazon sell a product that is no longer supported by Microsoft and can not be activated ? Can this be activated ?
 it will upgade you to vista alright , but you will have to pay money after the fact and that fact was not mentioned . I bought an xp upgrade and it was one shot one cost and i 'll stick to that , i 'm not a fan of vista
 I purchased my copy of Video Explosion from Atomic Park in August . The product comes bundled with Sonic MyDVD 4.5 . Unfortunately , on September 15 , about one month after I purchased Video Explosion , Sonic stopped supporting MyDVD 4.5 , and the version I bought does not work with my DVD burner -LRB- a Sony -RRB- . I believe Sonic HAD a fix for my problem , but since Sonic no longer supports MyDVD 4.5 , I can no longer get the update.Unfortunately , this has rendered Video Explosion 1.5 nearly useless for me.I understand it 's far too late for any sort of adjustment for me . However , I think you should note on the description page for this software some sort of a disclaimer that states this limitation clearly.Had I known of this limitation , I never would have bought Video Explosion . Other than this issue , I 'm happy with the software , but now I 'm stuck , needing to by CyberLink MakeDVD for $ 50 , when I could have purchased CyberLink 's entire suite for $ 90 . I also understand this situation is somewhat political in that Sonic bought Roxio , so naturally , Sonic will no longer try hard to work with Nova . So Nova wo n't be likely to advise me to purchase MyDVD 6.1 ; nor will they be likely to recommend CyberLink products . So I guess I 'm just screwed.Be strongly aware of this limitation prior to ordering .
 I was hoping to get a video editor that does not have A/V sync problem that seems to plague all other video editors including Video Deluxe 2.0 and Pinnacle Studio 8.x . Unfortunately , this one has the same A/V sync issue if the video being rendored has lots of motion and scene transition . If the video has lots of transitions , the audio and video will lose sync and many video frames will be dropped -LRB- this is during the rendering phase which is NOT done in real time -RRB- . This makes the software useless for me .
 I bought this and could not use it because the company is not giving out the code to use it anymore . I wish the seller would have told me .
 The company is no longer making this software and are not offering ANY product support . Unfortunately , you WILL NOT be able to completely run the software without registering it . : /
 I bought this product to edit -LRB- mainly -RRB- MPEG-II and Real Media files . It does neither .
 After reading so many great reviews about this product , I bought it . I have used MGI , ArcSoft , Windows MovieMaker 2 , and others . I was very happy with the ease of use and powerful editing features . In fact , bang for the buck , this is the best package I 've seen . It includes excellent tutorials , and a really slick interface . Once you get a feel for the layout , it is very easy to use and allows you to edit video , video overlay , add music , sound efffects , etc. ... That being said , if you are planning to burn DVDs , get something different ! The MPEG 2 output format was apparently an after thought , added to the package , and it produces very poor output.It appears that the software was designed to output video CD quality , and the DVD -LRB- -LRB- MPEG 2 -RRB- output was added later . Either the frame speed does not match the industry standard , or the rendering software is very poor . In either case , the software is useless if you plan to burn DVD . Any motion in your DVD has a trailing effect , making it appear out of focus -LRB- almost like a stobe effect -RRB- . I used the same video clips with MGI , ArcSoft and WMM 2 and got beautiful results when I burned a DVD . Its too bad , because as far as editing , this program wins handsdown !
 Good coverage of the subject areas if you have the time and patience to plod through each subject area and sub-area . Diagnostic tools are extremely weak . The program prompts the user to take the tests in the subject area , but only provides the number correct and a percentage score as feedback . There is no way to determine which questions the user got wrong , consequently providing no way to focus the user 's study efforts -LRB- i.e. the user may not need to study an entire subject area , but one sub-area -RRB- . The sub-areas also have a diagnostic test that does provide the user with immediate right/wrong feedback -LRB- also allowing multiple guesses -RRB- , but does not offer a correct solution to the math problem if the user selected a wrong answer first . Last , there are many math and logical errors in the sub-area diagnostic test questions that only frustrate the user .
 I bought this software back in 2001 and at that time found it to be a bit too dry . Still , I was desperate for anything to inspire my kids to do math via PC.Jump to 2005 , I am taking a college Calculus course at night and lost in a jungle of understandable theory dependant on long forgotten basics
 The software is defective . The claimed manufacturer and tech support provider no longer accepts claim for this software . In order to use the software and download it I am instructed to list my name with Knowledgeadventure.com per use of modem which goes to the company `` Knowledge Adventure . '' However , as Knowledge Adventure Inc. , is no longer is affiliated with this software and has no idea who is -LRB- but will give plenty of run around -RRB- I ca n't sign in and download the software . Therefore the software is useless . I suggest the ceasing and desisting of selling this product . To claim this product currently has any affiliation with Knowledge Adventure as you are led to believe by the packaging and manual is a total lie !!!
 I had Titanium 2005 , and when I tried to upgrade to 2006 I could n't . I emailed several times -LRB- lost count how many -RRB- customer service asking for a refund , and technical support asking for help . The only response from customer service I got was that they 'd forward my email to technical support!The product is n't bad . I 've used it for years , but whenever I 've encountered a problem I 've never gotten any help from them.I also had trouble with wireless internet . The antivirus would block my internet access . I resolved the issue by installing a different antivirus -LRB- since Panda did n't offer a solution -RRB- .
 I bought Panda Titanium 2006 after looking at several packages and settling on it because of its ability to block malware by more than an ` after the fact ' signature.Unfortunately , I have yet to find out how it works . I get a missing DLL message on install -LRB- I have now tried Titanium 2006 and their 2007 version as well -RRB- . I assume that I may have something strange on my system , although it is a fairly regular XP Home install . I have no problems with the system that I can find using other tools and at this point I will be just dropping Panda and flushing my money because I do n't have the time or patience to figure out what the idiotic problem might be or doing a reinstall on the off chance that that will fix the problem.As a warning , my dealings with Panda tech support have been a joke , at best . I first emailed them and there was no response because I had not registered the product . It 's hard to register when the software wo n't even install . I finally wandered around enough to find out how to register online . This allowed me to get a response which basically was a form that asked about the same information that I already provided on the initial contact email -LRB- how efficient ??!? -RRB- . Their initial fix was to tell me to uninstall all the other antivirus software on the machine . This was already done -LRB- as again outlined in the initial email and the email form -RRB- . When this did n't make me go away , they had a few other useless suggestions that finally ended with the response that I had some sort of internet caching software that I would have to talk to my OS vendor or my ISP about . That is and was rediculous . I have no non-OS software for connecting to my DSL provider -LRB- just configured the Microsoft networking -RRB- and I do n't believe that XP does that sort of thing out of the box . In other words , Panda support just keeps throwing dirt and dust in the air hoping that you 'll finally go away . It finally worked with me.I thought paying for a supported antivirus product was a good idea . I guess not . I 'll just go with the free ones and keep my XP box off the internet .
 Looks like a great product ... but $ 80 later , I 'm stuck with a CD that does me no good because I own a Sound Blaster Audigy 2 soundcard . Evidently , `` newer '' drivers do n't work with this product . You have to install drivers from ... 2003 ? Note that there are absolutely NO updates available for this product , and I 'm writing this review as of August 21 , 2005 . If your SB drivers are from 2004 or newer , you will get a `` blue screen of death '' when trying to execute key commands in this application -LRB- such as `` new song ... '' -RRB- . If you do n't have a Sound Blaster sound card , then go for it , but otherwise ... good luck ! Besides , Sound Blaster cards are pretty obscure ... right ?
 I did some research looking for the simplest software for making some downtempo music . Every review I read said Kinetic was the one . I installed the software and read the instructions , and they were of little or no use . You must need a degree from Berkeley or Full Sail to understand the manual.I eventually was able to make a song through trial and error but they seriously need to get some better writers at Cakewalk to explain how the software works .
 I bought this as an amateur just to play around with some music . It seems like it is designed more for the professional because after about a week I just gave up . Very confusing and the instructions are of no help . I would not recommend this unless you plan on devoting a ton of time in trying to make it work .
 DVD will stop in places , I think it was used , infromation when veiwable , was fair at best !
 the product so far seems great - going to be used to mostly to do weddings . No complaints so far .
 I like Photoshop Album . The user interface is quite intuitive , it 's reasonably fast and it has all the features I need for working with thousands of digital photos.However , it would n't have hurt if Adobe had spent a few more QA cycles on it . I have updated to 2.0.1 , but it 's still pretty shaky.Try to type european special characters via Alt +0 xxx in the caption line - BOOM.Try to import photos from a folder that also contains Quicktime videos -LRB- which my digital camera generates -RRB- - BOOM , and no workaround . There are now whole areas of my photo collection that I can not view because I have accidentally imported Quicktime videos ... I do n't use the `` Creations '' and `` Online Services '' parts of the program at all , so I ca n't say anything about them.I 'd give four stars if the quality was reasonable . Let 's hope the next version is better .
 Most likely one of the most frustrating applications ever to pollute my hard drive ! I 'm an avid user of Photoshop , I think it 's a wonderful application , so how can the folks at Adobe create Photoshop Album , and screw it up so bad ?!? The program crashes , ruins pictures , makes slide shows of your pictures all cropped wrong , with no option to change it.Run !
 Beware . Adobe is not honoring the rebate on this item . That and the poor quality of this software mean that you should look elsewhere .
 I was so excited for the prospect of finally organizing all my photo files . I downloaded product easily and stared in amazement at the end result . I have over 3000 images on my computer and 90 % of them were dumped on the date Jan. 2000 -LRB- a year and a half before I owned camera -RRB- Of the remaining 10 % only a fraction were properly date-stamped . The problem ... my camera reverts back to 1/1/00 every battery change . Obviously , this product is useless with my inaccurate date stamp data ... garbage in , garbage out.Seems to me this caveat should be clearly explained up front ! Big dissapointment .
 Before buying this product go to Adobe Photoshop Album user forums . There has been much disatisfaction with version 1.0 and the jury is still out on 2.0 . For me the biggest flaw is the inability to make good quality VCDs let alone DVD quality . VCDs I have made are low quality with blurred images . I only use the product for email of slideshows using the . pdf Acrobat Reader format -- that is excellent .
 PS Album 2.0 is an easy , very basic program . Relative to others it is slow and childish . You must `` import '' photos before you can view them , a nuisance others avoid . You can not combine categories , e.g. , to select all `` Vacation '' photos which are also `` 2003 '' . Among the heavily promoted album programs , ACDSee is a better choice although its current version has a few annoying bugs .
 I would avoid this software . Download Picasa for free try out and see how it works . I have had nothing but problems with this version of photoshop album . I purchased it because I had used 1.0 and it worked pretty good . I have had lots of troubles with colors being different on the thumbnails fron the true colors . Lots of bugs and crashing . You must pay for support also - doens ' t seem fair .
 I 'm an unhappy camper . I used ver . 1 and put much of my digital library into it . Now I upgrade -LRB- upgrade ? -RRB- and it does n't know how to sync with that which it created before . I do n't know how the other features perform , because I 'm still futzing trying to get my photos in sync with it ! Shame on you Adobe , shame . By the way , how do you plan on paying me , one of your unwitting beta testers ?
 This program would be great if it did everything it claimed .
 I bought version 1.0 and it was unusable . Now Adobe offers only a $ 10 break on the upgrade ! No way . I 'll try other products and let other folks pay retail for beta software .
 Some retailers sell the Adobe Photoshop Album 2.0 with a $ 15.00 `` upgrade rebate '' coupon in the box , others sell it without such a rebate . For an `` under $ 50 product '' , the rebate makes 30 % difference in price.Amazon does not want to tell me whether they sell that product with or without the rebate coupon inside the box.Thus , I would rate the Amazon Album bought from Amazon at the lowest possible rating , 1 point.Regards , Lubos .
 Although this product might be of use to the very casual photographer with a small number of images to manage , it still lacks two critical features missing from version 1.0 and that any one with more than a few-hundred locally stored photos will sorely miss
 I have n't upgraded to V 2 but I wanted to make a few comments about Photoshop Album that I have n't seen in other reviews . Overall , I think it is a fair program with a decent interface and if you are compulsive enough to tag everything , it has a reasonable system for storing and arranging photos . However , if you are a serious photographer , it is likely that your method of arranging photos wo n't be Adobe 's . All imports go into the Photoshop album folder with cryptic folder titles that the program selects and it 's cumbersome to go back and fix the folder titles so that they mean something . If you use Photoshop and save multiple versions of a single photograph you have worked on , Album has a non-intuitive way of storing your various edits that I find frustrating to deal with . If I save each edit as a separate file , I have to go back and re-import those files into Album or try to figure out how Album has stored them.I mainly bought PS Album for its slide show capability but it has serious deficiencies
 I 've used Photoshop Album v1 to organize thousands of digital images and found it very useful.I was excited to get a copy of v2 , but was very disappointed.The big change in v2 is a cosmetic facelift of the application 's appearance.Unfortunately , Version 2 offers no significant new features and actually removed one of the most useful image organization views from v1!In PS Album v1 , you see an outline of Tags on the left , a ` Picture Well ' in the center , and ` Properties ' information on the right.This way , as soon as you selected an image in the Well , you could look at the properties on the right of the screen and : a -RRB- immediately see which tags had been applied to the image , b -RRB- directly enter a caption , description , etcc -RRB- see the EXIF metadata stored in the image by your camera -LRB- date , time , exposure , camera settings , etc -RRB- This mode * no longer exists * in Version 2 ! You can only display the image properties in a separate dialog-box that floats above -LRB- and covers -RRB- the Picture Well and/or the Tags area which is now shown on the right of the screen . The Properties window can not be ` docked ' in the application frame . If you want to see the image properties , you are either unable to scroll the Tags list , or you are forced to cover up most of the images in the ` Well ' , or continually close and re-open the Properties window by using a menu command.This is a step backwards from version 1 , and does not address any of v1 's shortcomings . - There are still problems when using the product on a network - You still can not edit or add to the EXIF data in your image files -LRB- such as copyright-string , location or photographer -RRB- . - useless error messages still pop up . For example , if you drag a tag onto an image that already has that tag , -LRB- something that is much more likely in v2 since you ca n't easily see what tags have already been applied anymore -RRB- you are forced to ` OK ' a pointless error dialog telling you that the tag has already been applied to the image.After a week of trying v2 , I have found nothing new that outweighs the loss of the v. 1 organizational view . I have removed v2 from my PC and have reinstalled v1.The loss of the very useful and efficient v. 1 organization display and the lack of any other significant new feature leads me to strongly urge v1 .0 users to wait until v. 3 before upgrading.I wish Adobe had spent more time improving the functionality of the application to make it more effective for users , instead of wasting their time and my money on cosmetically rounding the corners of the application windows and coloring it all grey .
 Adobe 's created a really great product - see other reviews for the many great features . Unfortunately , PSA also hides any directory name manipulation from the user - presumably in an effort to increase ease of use . Sadly , this means that 1 -RRB- You ca n't combine using Photoshop Album with other photo managment programs in a meaningful way 2 -RRB- You ca n't change the location of your photos -LRB- like , to a different disk -RRB- once they 're in the catalog 3 -RRB- Restoring from backup destroys your directory data 4 -RRB- Saving to CD loses your directory data.What it does it does well , but if any of the above problems bother you , consider a different program .
 I recently got his program with a new digital camera . After a few hours of use I must conclude , that any shareware is likely to be better . Adobe Photoshop Album has serious deficiencies.The program collects all images in a single window . There you have the possibility to assign tags . This will allow you to sort images according to the tags associated . Unfortunatley nobody knows where the tags are stored or where Adobe has decided to store the thumbnails associated with them . They are surely not associated to the image folder and the file where they are stored is encrypted . If you ever should decide to use a new program or to rearange the images you will find yourself in a big problem . Most likely you will loose all of your hiearchy and many hours of work . This is particularly troublesome , since Adobe Album does at no time create folders that somehow go along with the tags but rather leaves you with huge folders full of unsorted images.Also , if you ever should whish to share photos , you can create a slideshow . Rather than creating a file with referencs to the images already stored on your computer , a new Acrobat file is created . That would be fine - yet after 30 images your computer is about to crash , since the file generated from the meagapixel cameras that we nowadays have is just too big . It is unlikely that you can share your images at all ... I would not recomend anybody to use this program . It might do a good job as long as you only frequently take pictures and as long as you do neither seriously share your images nor move images from one hard disk to another .
 Should have 0 stars . I just bought Anime Studio 5 at Target yesterday . I wanted to use it to make animations for use in my classroom . Unfortunately , when I entered the serial number on the sleeve , the program said , `` invalid serial number . '' I tried many more times to enter the serial number , in case I 'd made a mistake . I got the same error message . So there 's 50 bucks down the drain . Ca n't return opened software to Target , of course . What a rip off ! Ironically , I was able to register it via their website , with the given serial number . Still , it only wants to run the trial or I have to `` buy '' it again .
 I got this as a gift and expected it to be able to utilize your own work easily , draw your own things , etc. . It 's very difficult to figure out and you can only manipulate their -LSB- incredibly lame -RSB- characters . It 's a waste of money , you might as well be using the free online `` Alice '' program , which does the same thing .
 This was a huge waste of money . If you have plans to make a custom animation , do not buy this . Anime only alows you to manipulate one of their few charecters . You can not change eye color or hair color . If you want a good animation you have to go to one of their websites and purchase a character for $ 10 - $ 20 . Their free ones are completly dumb . Using their `` easy to use '' bone rigging tool takes a long time to set up and use . It took me ten minutes to make one for a stick figure . -LRB- which did n't work very well -RRB- You ca n't even group anything unless you buy their $ 180 upgraded version . I spent hours trying to use this , and could figure none of the above out . It also took two weeks to get here instead of four days . I do n't recomend this to people who are looking for an easy to use animation creator .
 Ok , so I bought this software for the boneing capabilities but I was under the impression from the product explanation that importing artwork to use would be no problem , if you do import artwork it is very rastery and cant be used for much more than tracing . The drawing tools dont output a very smooth look so trying to reproduce something you have exported from Flash is nighmarish and not close in quality at all to the smoothness you get from Flash . If Flash ever comes out with bones its all over with ...
 I bought the program for my 16 year old son . He gave me the 2 star rating . He said that it was difficult to use , it did not meet his expectations .
 I had never used an animation package before and did not know enough to avoid this one.The problem is not that it is hard to learn , it 's that it 's not worth learning.The drawing tools are crude and primitive.I ca n't see getting anything really good looking out of this package.What I did n't realize is that the program has no support for converting any files types into a vertor image which could then be animated and this version does not allow any vector import.So you are stuck with either using this programs lousy drawing tools or `` upgrading for $ 180 and hoping that works better.I was not looking for a `` pro '' grade setup , but this is worthless.Wasted my money on this one .
 Requires Quick Time be installed . Quick Time tries to take over a PC 's hardware and online operations . Heavy on resources . The CD must remain in the drive 100 % of time for program to run and will wear out your drive -LRB- and patience -RRB- in time . Designer was obviously paranoid over copyrights instead of usability and likeability . I liked RS2 better , but its database only contained 50k items .
 I was very anxious to get this software . I had been doing alot of shopping for wedding software . I choice the Printing Press Software for several reasons - their advertising and the thought that I can use my advanced computer skills to develop a professional stylish wedding invite . The software does not contain the fonts , the images , and the professional design as I was led to believe . I am very disappointed with this software and feel that Microsoft Publisher offers the same even more style of making cards/invitations . The invite design format in this software is poor - the fonts would be excellant for a baby shower or an infant or young childs birthday ... the images are limited . Overall , the software was a waste of money
 If you are looking for a printing program for kids ' invitations , this is fine . However , if you want something that looks professional , you quickly run up against problems with Printing Press Platinum . The borders are very limited . It is not obvious how to print the invitations on non-standard sized paper.In the end , I made my invitations in Photoshop and laid out the envelopes in Word with a mail merge for the addresses . I did n't use any of the work I had devoted to PrintingPress Platinum .
 This software has many problems , to many to list . The most difficult part is the lack of direct customer support , only through email , and the company is very slow to respond . The fonts and graphics are very childlike and do not look as professional as I would have liked . There are better products out there .
 This is a basic 2-d animation program only . You will first have to draw your image then import it . The drawing toolbar is extremely limited .
 This is not the new 3 user 2009 personal firwall it has the old screenshot of the one in 2002-2006 . . It is so outdated and only has 1 yr license . . Got it from ca for free in 2004 with the anitvirus for free too eggads
 I 've tried to get it to work on two different platforms , a G3 Macintosh running the lastest Jaguar and a G4 running the latest Panther . Aspyr technical support is absolutely no help . Do n't buy this game until they fix the bugs -LRB- freeze-ups and virtually no sound -RRB- . It 's a $ 40 ripoff .
 As with everyone else ... everytime I attempt to play the game it freezes and you have to reboot the computer to get out of it . Unplayable .
 I just purchased this game and installed it on my Powerbook . Much to my dismay , the game does not function properly . In several important areas of the game I get a black screen and have no ability to access the evidence reports . This makes the game completely unplayable . Instead of being able to return the game , I got a notice from Aspyr that they would give me another game title , like Zoo Tycoon , but I can not get my money back . This is a complete ripoff , especially since Apple and Aspyr are aware of the problems and have not put warnings on the product so consumers can avoid spending 30 bucks on a useless game .
 This is about the worst piece of software that I have come across in recent times . It is reminiscent of the early days of software development when all manner of quirky , buggy junk used to make it onto the shelves of retailers.But that was 20 years ago . Since then software development has matured considerably and although there are bugs they do n't impede the general purpose of the game - which is to challenge and entertain.Well there 's no entertainment here . The graphics are dreadful . The sound is non-existent and there 's no way to exit out of the game without having to reboot the computer . Something our Windows cousins are well accustomed too but is a very rare occurrence on the Mac these days with the release of OS/X . So how does a lame piece of rubbish like this get on the shelves of respectable ret retailers ? That 's a good question . I guess that with all the software out there it is difficult to check every game out . Retailers probably look in the box figure out that there is a CD and a manual and assume everything is ok.It is ironic that a company that sells this type of software calls itself Aspire - misspelled ASPRY - it should more aptly call itself DSPYR for despair.All I think of is that in the end of all of this process you - the buyer - are the victim in this transaction if you buy this game and the perpetrator the company called ASPYR . Hopefully the good people in Law & Order will catch on to this con and throw ASPYR 's arse in the clinker .
 I have to agree with the other reviewers . I can not get it to work on my brand new eMac.C ` mon , ASPYR , get this fixed .
 This game does n't work . It freezes up . I tried to work with Aspry and when it still did n't work after all their suggestions , they said that it must be a problem with my system . Some other program must be interrupting play , which of course was n't tremendously helpful . I recommend not buying this game until or unless Aspry discovers a solution .
 I bought this game for my dad as a Christmas present . Unfortunately it 's not much of a gift since it does n't work . Even after making sure our system software was completely up-to-date , it locks up constantly and is basically unplayable . I even attempted to install it on my own system with the same results . Aspyr does n't offer any solutions to this problem which seems to be widespread . Do n't buy this game until Aspyr offers a patch .
 Love QB but 2006 has been nothing butheadaches , March 9 , 2006Reviewer
 this is not a very good item in my opionoin i mean your pay ing 2 dollars for a background .
 B `` HI bought this because I already had a Compaq Evo N400C laptop running a Pentium III chip and wanted the cheapest GPS out there . Also , I wanted a really good locator.The price of the entire package is much less than the price of gps locator alone . And it seems to be a quick and accurate locator.I probably spent 12 hours getting this to work on my laptop . This included correspondence with microsoft support and pharos support . I kept getting `` power surge at hub port '' messages every time I plugged in the dongle of the gps locator . And the automatic configuration program of the gps locator could n't find the COM port for gps . Microsoft had not a word of helpful advice . Pharos recommended testing the dongle on other machines and offered to retest the unit themselves.I uninstalled both hidden and not hidden usb drivers . Then restarted the computer , which then automatically reinstalled the drivers . This fixed the problem of finding the correct COM port . I then bought and installed a usb 2.0 cardbus -LRB- pcmci ? -RRB- . This fixed the `` power surge at usb hub port '' problem . I do n't know why the OEM usb 1.1 ports could n't handle the dongle -LRB- and neither does Microsoft -RRB- , but they ca n't . Regarding difficulting hearing the voice commands from the laptop speakers , I bought an adapter that resembles at cassette tape and , when installed as a tape would be , plays over the car 's speaker . This cost less than ten dollars.I agree that the system is hard for a solo driver to use on the fly.All the best , Dan
 The map software is well designed . But it is bad in GPS functionality , which is my main goal to buy it .1 . The voice prompt is very bad and very user-infriendly . It only tells you just ONCE which direction to turn when you are very close to intersection , instead of giving several prompts in certain distance away or telling the road name you are turning to .2 . The off-track-and-reroute function can not be automatic . Every time you are off the initially designed track , you only can hear the noise which keeps saying `` You are off the road '' and can not get re-route unless you press F3 , which is too much while I am driving .3 . The satellite signal receiver is not reliable . It can stop working or recognize totally wrong location , but I ca n't do nothing to help.If you want to use it as a GPS driving guide , please be aware of these three inconviences .
 bought this years ago . It was a waste of time . I had to pack my laptop around with me everywhere I went . What a pain ! I am so glad Garmin came out with affordable GPS units .
 I used this software to map a trip across the country from New York to Bryce Canyon , Grand Canyon , and a couple more stops . If your stops are near major roads then this software usually works . But if your stops are off the major roads then the software does n't know if it 's routing you on a paved road or a dirt road . The software routed me on a dirt road for 46 miles . So 20 miles from my last stop I had to come up with my own route after running into the dirt road . I ended up having to drive back to where I started from . On another occasion the software directed me to a road , but there was no road.The software comes in useful when you 've missed a turn . Press F3 and it will find a route back to where you want to go and direct you . Other than that , I did n't find the prompt particularly useful . The map seems to be 2 seconds or so behind me , so it areas where you have 3 exits , one after the other , it does n't help.If you 're looking to save a few bucks and get the 2006 version I would say that you wo n't be saving anything . I do n't know if the 2009 version is any better , but I can say that I 'll never let this software route a trip for me again .
 Program freezes/crashes . Inaccurate location at places that are not very common like in the country . It 's accurate in cities but do watch out for high building b/c this thing need a good signal for the GPS . Last time I used this , I feel like using a beta version .
 Planning for a trip that passes LA on the way to Hearst Castle . Microsoft Streets and Trips comes up with a route that is 471 miles . Yahoo maps came out with a route that is 269 miles . That 's more than 200 miles extra with Microsoft . Conclusion ? It is useful for planning trips only if -LRB- 1 -RRB- you already know roughly the route you need to take , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- you use the software to find nearby places on your route for hotel , restaurant , etc. . Now I am reading the help file to see if I can force it to go with the route I want .
 GPS unit will not work despite long phone support help from Microsoft and Pharos -LRB- GPS hardware supplier -RRB- Software interface is clunky , inefficientI 'm throwing it away and shopping for a different solution
 This program almost got us killed . Routed us down 4 wheel paths in WV that would NOT even be considered roads . The legend does n't accurately reflect the types of roads it 's routing you on . We did $ 2,000 worth of damage to our veh before we could turn around and get off the dirt/swamp road bottoming out on water covered pot holes and scratches from limbs on the sides of the road.Do yourself a favor and buy a `` real '' GPS system . This one does n't give you choices , i.e. `` easy route '' , `` using highways '' , etc. . It gives you one route using any path the satellite system comes up with.It should get a Minus 10 rating but it was n't a choice !
 ... unless you do n't need it for awhile . They are slow in shipping , you ca n't cancel your order and there is no phone number to call for help . I doubt if they will even post this but it is the only form of communication they will allow .
 There is no locator , But good to know its in the fine print at the bottom of the listing . This information should be at the top you would think . Starting to like ebay more and more least the seller can post and photo what they are selling amazon gets crazy with the `` use an -LRB- amazon -RRB- stock photo '' thing its misleading to the buyer .
 Streets and Trips 2006 w / the GPS locator should not be used as an in-car GPS system . The in-car navigation is less than optimal and is not safe for a single person to use . Navigation does nt inform the driver or user of when to take a specific road when a road/highway split , which causes huge issues when you are trying to navigate in any type of major metro area.Pros :1 . You can map trips without logging on to a web site2 . Has quite a few points of interests for finding restaurants , etc.Cons :1 . Not for in car navigation2 . Does not inform the navigator on which way to go when a road splits3 . Driving instructions are no better than most of the websites that provide free directions
 This item was very dissappointing . I was anticipating a tool that would be able to show me simply where I was and how to get somewhere . You could say it does that but I wo n't ... a red dot in an empty field where a 7 year old subdivision should be is not very accurate mapping . The GPS appeared to be working but the mapping software is severely outdated and not at all impressive . I would n't recommend this item to anyone that can at least read a road sign .
 Generally speaking , this is a fairly good product . However , it has one major flaw.The central application , the GPS mapping module , is excellent . As a sequel to several previous versions , it works consistently well and , shockingly , has yet to send me down the wrong path -LRB- ALL mapping apps are only as good as their data -RRB- . And considering that I used this as my primary navigator for a 5000 miles road trip this summer that covered about 20 states in the Midwest , Northeast and Deep South , that 's pretty impressive.HOWEVER -- and this is important -- the voice command module is just about useless . As a new feature of this product , it adheres perfectly to the old adage about version 1 products from Microsoft showing promise , but being unacceptably unstable ; as it can only be relied on for about 15 minutes worth of flawless performance . While the voice commands themselves are perfectly adequate for my needs , the module itself appears to have a rather large memory leak . Thus , after about 15 or 20 minutes of operation , it causes the entire application to slow down and begin to `` stutter '' -LRB- route tracking loses smoothness and updates sporadically -RRB- . And after about 30 minutes , the application stops functioning altogether , along with the computer it is running on shortly thereafter.The obvious work-around for this issue is to only turn the voice module on when you are within 10 or 15 minutes of your destination . But that should n't be necessary . And , having learned this the hard way during a tremendous nighttime rain storm in which visibility was low and I was depending on voice commands to steer me toward the correct exit -LRB- I missed it -RRB- , I find this completely unacceptable for an aspect of a program which has become its central selling point .
 This software does have some good features . Once you 've successfully planned a route , it will show your location , has voice , and big instructions . However , this software 's has glaring feature lapses in areas critical in a GPS travel aid.GPS based software is supposed to be helpful if you get off track -LRB- say you 're in the wrong lane and ca n't make the correct exit , etc -RRB- . It should easily adapt if you decide to change your stops along the way . This is where the Microsoft product really falls down . My overall impression
 This was my first experience with mobile GPS . I decided after riding in my mom 's Toyota Sienna that her GPS system was excellent . Keep in mind , she had a high dollar system so I expected it to be much better then anything I would buy that is portable.I bought Streets and Trips 2006 at my local best buy store for $ 89 , it came with the GPS locator . I had my laptop in the car with me so I installed the software and it started to work immediatly , I was impressed that it pinpointed my location as quickly as it did . I typed in my home address and bingo , it routed me onto the interstate and home . That part worked perfectly . I will say that on the way home on I-40 they shifted the road for road construction , the system was so accurate there that it kept saying `` OFF ROUTE '' because the lanes were temp . shifted about 30 feet onto the shoulder , that was pretty cool . Overall with this I was impressed.What I was not impressed with was
 Microsoft Streets and Trips 2006 with GPS Locator is a great program for accessing maps all around the United States . The GPS works well and is never too far away from your target when it is given full view of the sky . But , if you are are buying this product for verbal directions , DO NOT BUY THIS ONE !!! It gives you very little verbal directions and if you go off route , it says ONLY the following
 I really can not rate item itself , I HAVE NOT RECIEVED IT YET !! I AM VERY DISSATISFIED with Amazon 's shipping.I Ordered on 12/5/05 Item said it would ship in 2 days it has now been 10 days and is still waiting to be shipped . I was origianly quoted as it being delivered between the 12-14th . Now they say 21-23 .10 DAYS AND ITS NOT EVEN LEFT AMAZON YET !!!! This is NOT GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICE !!!
 I just used three times and noticed that the real problem with Microsoft is that they lack competition , and obviously they develop VERY POOR products . The program tells me to turn after 0.1 mile , ok but at which road ? Why it can not tell the name of the road I should turn to ? Why I 'm speaking of this problem ? Because I had the possibility to turn right into two different roads , and while driving is quite dangerous to watch the map . I understand that for the Microsoft guys was difficult to make the computer give clear directions , but maybe next time I send them the routines I used to make my commodore 64 speak more than 20 years ago ! But it is not finished , this is the fun part . I bought this program because I wanted to be indipendent and go to visit my friends without the assistance of someone of the area or without printing from mapquest . Well it results that one of them , and this is only the third time I 'm using the program , does n't exist !!! One of my friends house does n't exist !! ahahahaahh Well , luckily through the phone I was able to reach her ! Look and she not only exist , but all her neighborhood exist , but this program does n't know it !!! I had to go to an Orchid nursery I had never been before , the program made me turn in places where I could go straight for no reason at all !! I 'm sorry to say it but this product really sucks ! And if this is the seriousness of Microsoft , well it is better they let someone else to work , because this is not the way customers should be tricked , especially after many releases of the same program . Is it really possible that Microsoft can not pay someone to test a program and see if it really works ? I want to buy a real GPS system , but at this point I 'm afraid , because I would n't like to pay 500 or more dollars and discover that maybe Microsoft product was good compared to them . Maybe they are all poor like the Microsoft product , who knows . For sure I can say that I would like to give it back if I find the receipt.I bought this product to try to avoid to lose myself when I go around , because often I do n't know the area , well I 'm sorry but it did n't help me 2 out of 3 times I used it . Maybe I was unlucky , but I find quite absurd , that I have to print mapquest and then use this product and in case it does n't deliver me to the place I need , then to use the other map.I conclude this review with an appeal to Microsoft
 The whole reason I wanted a GPS system is because I am bad with directions . This product , though semi-up-to-date with roads in the area , is only good if you do n't miss your turns . If you miss a turn it says `` off route '' over and over again but it does n't recalculate your route for you . And if you 're the one driving , you ca n't exactly reroute from your current location if you 're trying to watch the road . Lucky for me , the store I bought this from allowed me to return it since it was hardware and software . I would n't recomend this product to anyone . There are many other products out there that are much more user friendly and less costly . I would definitely recomend Garmin 18 with Nroute instead .
 3rd party data
 I 'm sorry I bought this program BEFORE reading the other reviews here , because they 're generally right on . `` Buzz Lightyear 2nd Grade '' is just a superficial money-maker cranked out by people who either do n't know or do n't care about child education . Most of the `` activities '' are so brainless and boring that I was secretly ashamed to be encouraging my child to `` enjoy '' them.Plus , the installation on my plain Windows 98 PC was a nightmare . I 'm a very knowledgeable user but it still took me almost two full evenings . The setup program is at once unforgiving and stupid . My existing version 4.0 Quicktime just HAD to be upgraded to v4 .01 , for example - and this launched itself -LRB- involving a major download -RRB- right in the middle of the main program installation . This had predictable results.Other issues were files installed with the wrong attributes -LRB- which later stopped the program -RRB- , an uninstall file given a wrong extension -LRB- which prevented an uninstall -RRB- , beta test messages popping up , and an almost unsolvable conflict with msvcrt.dll -LRB- a common problem -RRB- . This last would crash the program whenever an activity was exited.I was ready to give up when I found mention on this site of an available patch.Running this patch finally got me going , although the speech is often totally garbled , especially in the intro screen.My advice - save your money . Do n't reward efforts like this . We could have had so much , much more from a Disney / Pixar collaboration .
 This title is out of date , and installing it will break other applications that rely on newer versions of Quicktime.It requires Quicktime , but the program installer does n't recognized the most recent versions of Quicktime , so it wo n't start . Instead , it recommends that you uninstall your `` old '' version and install its `` new '' version , which is actually many years old.I would not recommend installing this software if you have any need for any other application or web page that relies on Quicktime .
 I bought an earlier version that was produced by `` VersaCheck GP7 '' and ca n't convert my customer database at this time.Please AVOID all Cosmi software . I 've had trouble with every type personally and with customers and get NO SUPPORT . Reps ignore questions , even for problems -LRB- and there are many -RRB- not listed in FAQs.The features that work are OK , but the software is dead end . Cosmi has no intention of making sure it works after sale .
 My 6 year old son was very uninterested in this game . It is extremely slow moving . You give feedback then wait a few seconds , then you watch the character do something , then you get to give the next input . Felt like a lifetime between when you can interact again . Imagine how long that is to a six year old . He did n't last five minutes . The material was more like for a preschooler or kindergartener . Also , keep in mind that this is an older version of the game . It 's pretty much obsolete now .
 This does not even load when using mac 's lion operating system . Had to return it ! Do n't waste your time . Buy something else .
 i bought this program in hopes of be able to use it to burn music cd 's and encourage my 11 year to be creative with some of his . Yeah , that 's not going to happen.The program makes it difficult to find the music on your computer , and if you 're like me , and actually have stuff divided into folders by artist or category , you have to open each individual folder , copy the song you want on the CD and then go back to the main `` my music '' folder . That might work if you only have , say twenty or so folders , but I 've copied my entire CD collection onto the ol' harddrive and I 'm numbering in the hundreds . -LRB- as an aside - anyone else remember the days when Dad yelled at you for copying a whole CD and taking up his whole harddrive ? : - > -RRB- Also as a note to anyone who owns a Sansa media player - this software claims to be compatible with most media players . Do n't believe them . It does n't work with my Sansa c250.Anyhow , If you 're looking for a product to burn music CD 's , I 'm sure that there 's a better product out there . It is n't difficult to beat this one .
 I honestly liked this product ; decent games , very nice graphics , and most importantly my 2 year old loved it.However , I could not get the sound to function properly ; when it works at all it is choppy , cuts off words , and sometimes even sounds like a broken record . I thought of keeping the software but it the sound is just too annoying and you need it to play the games.I believe the problem is that I 'm running Windows XP , and since this Disney software is a few years old it does not run properly on XP . There 's actually a disclaimer in the instructions saying they can not guarantee compatibility on Windows 2000 -LRB- XP is based on Win 2000 . -RRB- The manual mentions to update all drivers on your computer , all mine are brand new for XP.For what it 's worth , after exhausting the manual and the included product troubleshooting , I found a pretty good troubleshooting page on Disney 's website at
 I have bought this game 3 different times . It would be wonderful , if it would work properly with XP . I originally thought the CD rom itself was damaged somehow , I really wish that had been the problem . DISNEY you need to spend the money and fix the game . I truly believe it would be worth your while . Until then , I would not buy this game . The sound is choppy and the picture is jerky . The sound is critical to playing the game . I was able to play through the entire game once on Windows 98 . It was great , my daughter loved it and so did I . It is is shame they do n't keep up with the times .
 Typical Disney software - it should take a developer an afternoon to put this together . Disney should be ashamed for charging money for such a weak , boring , uninspired product . There 's better free games for my kids.Buy this and your kids will be bored with it in 30 minutes and you 'll feel stupid for giving Disney your money .
 I bought this software for my kids for Christmas 2000 . I have a boy 3 and a girl 8 . They were totally bored with this in about 20 minutes . There are very few things to actually do in this program . You can adopt a dog from the adoption center , use the art center for typical things , feed and play with your dog in different parks . Once you pick your dog from the dog adoption center you can NEVER change the dog you have . The only way is to create a new signon name when starting the game . Also there is many famous landmarks for London and Paris shown . But once you click on the landmark a picture of the landmark and a brief description is given . Way to boring for any child I know of -LRB- even adults for that matter -RRB- . Save your money and buy something else . I wish I did .
 My very bright 5 year old was bored after the first 30 minutes . The games are not much fun , and my son was very disappointed .
 This did not install on my kids ' computer , which is Win98 , and only installed on my work computer -LRB- not great -RRB- . Of course , I had already opened it , so returning it was n't worth the possible hassle . At any rate , I thought the games were not imaginative and the navigation was poor , so it was tough for my kids to get around and figure out where the games even were . Plus , the skill level required for the different `` sub-games '' is pretty divergent .
 Beware ! If you change your password from the one assigned when you buy and install the software , you may not be able to log into the BigOven web site . Without access to the website , the software 's functionality is reduced considerably . For example , you wo n't get access to a vast majority of the recipes the software touts . I spent hours trying to get the website to accept the password that BigOven keeps sending to me , but it does n't work . I tried deleting cookies and temporary files , as suggested by BigOven 's inadequate , canned Q&A ; support -- but still no success logging in . I have emailed thier support address three times but there has been no response . I recently emailed requesting a refund -- but no surprise -- they have not responded ... just another software developer ready to take your money but not back up their product !
 I guess it is okay , if you are willing to overlook some basic database application functionality.Pros - Web Import is fairly good.Cons - -LRB- here we go ... -RRB- 1 . The recipe directory structure is a -RRB- hardcoded , so that you can not change the directories -LRB- if you do , the program gets all confused and ca n't tell you how to fix itself ... go to the bigoven.com help forums - faq -RRB- and b -RRB- is completely over-engineered -LRB- come on guys , a separate directory for each recipe box ? ... with one recipe box file in each folder ? Amateur -RRB- 2 . The user ca n't filter or even search on all recipe fields - like source . Granted it is not `` structured data '' -LRB- like a drop-down -RRB- , but not using it as a search field ? Bad form .3 . Ca n't copy and paste recipes into the same recipe box . Maybe this would n't be used too much , but I have had more than a few occasions where I wanted to use a basic recipe then modify it with other variations -LRB- and not just write it in the notes -RRB- . # 1 caused me a lot of wasted time since I wanted to clean up the inefficient use of folders , but did n't realize I was shooting myself in the foot . Those of you who are n't as , ... let 's say ... , fastidious with your folder structures probably wo n't run into this . # 2 is just a pain , because it either causes you to know your recipes really well , to create custom tags for the important sources -LRB- you 'll run out quickly -RRB- or create different recipe boxes for each source , even if you just have a handful of recipes from that source.Oh and that reminds me , the tagging system sucks . All tags should be editable -LRB- modify , delete , add -RRB- . Again , if it were the first or second version . I would say , not bad . But someone should invest a little bit of time with users/potential users to find out how the product should work . This could be killer , even have potential in other markets -LRB- commercial , training , etc. -RRB- . Think big guys - after all the product name is BigOven .
 ... nutrient information . I purchased hoping to get nutrient information for recipes rather than having to calculate for each ingredient . The website promised much in this regard , but does not deliver . You have to add the nutrient info yourself ... I can do this in any software . I have never left a review before - I hope this saves someone money .
 This game is getting a very high rating by reviewers . Problem is , the reviews shown are NOT for this game ! Many reviews are talking about teaching typing , coloring dalmations , etc. . None of that applies to The Emperor 's New Groove . There apparently are other versions of `` Activity Centers '' , and reviews shown are for them.Emperor 's New Groove does n't run on Windows XP , not even in compatability mode . I downloaded the patch required , and parts run , but not all . And the parts that run are very dull for anyone over about the age of 4 . I got the game for our 6 year old , and it 's not in the slightest bit challenging or entertaining . One of the game sections wo n't run at all , even with the patch . Even if this game ran perfectly , it would bore a normal 5 yr . old , so I ca n't imagine how they rated it for up to age 8 . I do n't think Amazon should be selling this . Come on , how many people have n't ugraded since Windows 98 ? The only kids who would enjoy this game probably live in a third world country where computers and possibily electricity are novel inventions . Amazon and/or Disney should check into donating the games they have left .
 Be prepared for major disappointment from the user when the sound does n't work . My system more than meets the requirments but the sound remains untentably garbled even after 4 hours of working on the problem . The manual gives a URL for troubleshooting that has been re-routed and you have to quess which icon leads to customer support . Drivers have been updated , FAQ 's read , manual consulted , etc. . The result
 We tried it about 15 times . It 's so slow.And half the time it did n't even work . It only made us sad bacause it did n't work .
 Out of the many computer games we have bought , this game has been one of the most disappointing . Unfortunately , the layout of the game does not allow you to move to the different areas . Additionally , with a 200 MHz machine , it is very slow to load varios screens . As another viewer said , you have to print out the help screens to figure out how to play . This is not acceptable for a four year old.I am staying away from the Disney Games for now .
 There seems to be a lot of difference of opinion on this game , so maybe it 's subjective , but ... My kids -LRB- then 8 and 5 -RRB- both dove into this new computer game , much as they do with any new game we get , but quickly found themselves very confused and frustrated . The interface is a bit clumsy ; it was n't real obvious what to do or even what could be done , and there is n't much in the way of in-context help to explain . After a lot of aimless wandering around within the game world , both kids gave up on the program in favor of several others that do a much better job of involving and entertaining them , and have n't gone back to it since .
 This is a MUST RETURN item . Do n't destroy your sales receipt ! I ca n't believe that this product was manufactured and created with the latest computer technology available in the year 2000 . It is confusing , frustrating , illogical , and the 3D animation received a big `` thumbs-down '' by all users . Not even the HELP files can save an adult 's self-esteem and sanity . The kids will run screaming from the computer when you drag this one out ...
 After we installed the game it would not start It froze on a black screen and we had to go to Disneyinteractive.com to download an update . The link there did n't work so we had to email support to send us the update . We were highly anticipating playing the game by the time we were able to get it running and were very disappointed . The scenery and colors are lovely but the game is very difficult to play . It moves very slowly , hotspots are difficult to use , the instructions are badly written and there were not enough things happening on each screen to hold the interest of my five year old .
 This is the worst piece of sotware I have ever worked with ! I am a professional and dedicated user of Adobe products , but I 'm at a loss to explain how one of the leaders in imaging and video software could produce such faulty software as Encore DVD . I do n't know what this .5 update was supposed to fix over the original . This software is infested with bugs . Something that works one day , wo n't work the next . Or a project you created months ago , ca n't be updated later for no explainable reason . The advertised features are great , but they really are too good to be true . Surfing around on various forums I can see that I 'm not alone in my complaints . I do n't understand how Adobe can continue to keep this on the market .
 I purchased My Voice software thinking , `` They have finally made this technology available at an affordable price '' . Not so , there are two things you should know about about this product . One , it is very easy to use , you just click on the play button for a song and click on the voice extracter icon -LRB- the hand with the microphone -RRB- . Two , when you click on the hand with the microphone , all you get is your song -LRB- voice and all -RRB- with the sound turned way down and slightly muffled . The bottom line is , this product does not work . I was extremly disappointed , however , since I did not pay that much for the item I was not livid ! I gave it one star , instead of zero , because the product will play your CDs and it will find the names of the songs on your CDs .
 This came with a microphone which fell apart in the box . Bad start . But I suppose you get what you pay for . The interface is clumsy and the sound quality was poor . It does have a couple of nice tools built in , like a tempo varying slider which is very handy and studio effects like echo and reverb . But you might be better off spending more money for a sound studio program .
 After opening the programs the words `` insert CD '' blink over and over . It was very difficult to navigate through the program . I could n't figure out how to enter mp3s into the program.After reading the confusing manual I tried to get my mp3 files in it , but it could n't recognize almost all of them . The ones it did , would n't play , and it said `` error initializing microsoft directXplease re-install directX or contact the technical support `` so , from the CD , I tried to reinstall directX and got this message : `` Directx setup has determined the a newer version of DirectX is already installed . No installation was necessary `` leaving this program useless . No tech support . Do n't buy this .
 This product does not do what I purchased it for . It is completely useless to me now . It does not take the lyrics out of the songs as it advertises .
 You 're better off finding a box , filling it with rocks , then take the money out of your wallet that you would have paid for this and light it on fire . At least when the money is gone you 'll have a handy box of rocks . This is a Rip Off . Greed has produced an illusion of a product . I do n't normally fall for this kind of Snake Oil , but it was in a reputable store and I wanted what it said it would do , and became blind to the fact that the company did n't advertise a location , telephone number , website , on the package , blah , blah , blah . All the reviews about blinking messages , not being able to read music on your computor , etc , I experienced with my first hour of trying to figure out if this pathetic box of junk could produce anything worth while . It did not . I wish I had the box of rocks . Zero Stars .
 I bought this for my niece and nephew and the microphone never worked . Save your money
 so disappointed . no tech support at all . not even a website to go to . microphone was broken right out of the box . limited and incomplete user manual does n't address much of anything that is relevent . got the lyrics times with the music from an mp3 file , but no way to burn the files.crap crap crap
 And it was . Once installed , everytime I would try something I would get an error window that told me to reinstall DirectX . I have done this twice as well as uninstalling the entire program and reinstalling . There are even typos and blantant grammatical errors in the pop-up error boxes . I am returning this cheap and ineffective product and would recommend that if you are considering purchasing it , do n't . What a waste of 27 bucks .
 I have never written a review on amazon eventhough i have shopped on here for 5 + years . This is the worst software ever , it doesnt remove vocals it just distorts them with this ear-piercing sound . Can not believe this product is on Amazon . Plain and simple , it just does not deliver . If you buy this you are a retard .
 This software is a demo . This is shareware and does n't print anything unless you connect to the Internet . You can only activate it twice . Product activation is wrong . Save your 75 $ and download the Demo for free .
 I 've already sent a review of this product , and my review has not changed from what I previously wrote . There is a defect in this product , making it unuseable . I wanted a simple program whereby I could compose correspondence , and when this page is brought up it has all sorts of numbers and symbols that cover the pages . Going to a new page clears the mess , but then I can not set the program to single space lines . Program seems to be permanently set for double spaces . Very disappointing , not only that I can not print envelopes . This program is TRASH ! Unfortunately I can not return as the 30 day return policy has expired !
 It 's as if they stripped out most of the functions on purpose ... I guess they want customers to be frustrated with this software so you 'll buy their expensive upgrade.I hope they take my return instead .
 Very dissapointed with product . It looks like they took 5 year old program technology and put a new wrapper on it . Anybody that loves this product either works for Better Homes or has n't taken their medication .
 I thought with the `` Better Homes and Gardens '' name it would be quality software . Boy was I wrong . I could n't get anything drawn accurately and when I tried to do a simple 3D view of what I did get drawn my computer crashed . I sold it last week at a garage sale for $ 5 and I felt guilty doing it .
 I needed landscape design software , and since all the other products had gotten poor reviews and this software had not , I decided to try it . No one else had mentioned the landscape portion of the software , so I did n't really know what to expect . I 'm sure this program is fine if you want to design a house , or an addition to your house , but if you desire lanscaping software , pass . The plant library is very small and does not include many common landscaping plants , and you can forget about finding something exotic or unusual . The software only allows one to draw circular or kidney shaped beds . Yes , you can attempt to drag the beds to the desired dimensions , but the effect is less than desirable . For landscaping , this was an expensive dud .
 I was buying this tool to plan and finish my basement.My handicap might be that I am used to CAD systems and had certain expectations . Here is my summary :1 . You can quickly draft an outline and modify the dimensions of the wall by dragging . But even simpler tools allow me to modify the dimensions just by clicking and changing the dimensioning values ... cumbersome and not very intuitive2 . The outer wall exists as well as the insulation . Entering a frame with just one side of drywall ? No Chance ... unless you spend a factor x8 in price and buy the pro version -- > Material list becomes pretty useless3 . Plumbing / enter preinstalled plumbing ? No chance ... unless you buy the pro version4 . Walls not as high as the room to cover horizontal / vertical plumbing ? No chance ... unless ... 5 . I put the window in the outer wall and added the drywall . In order to see the window I needed to add another window at the same place . Material list becomes uselessand so on ... Summary
 If you want to design and build a box with a simple A-frame roof , then this tool is for you . For any modern design with multiple roof lines , gable walls , bonus rooms , etc. it just does n't work . Also , the window library is not very good and there are no way to build your own windows , i.e. put an eliptical transom over a window , etc. .
 I bought this software to help design an addition to my house , but Home Designer Suite 6 is not even able to let me draw my existing house , a 1400 square foot house with an attached garage.The problem is more than one style of roof , and a mud room attached to the front of the house . Home Designer can not accept more than 1 roof style , and does not allow me to add a roof to the mud room without automagically changing the roof on the main part of the house.I feel really stupid for spending $ 80 on this product , and will probably go back to paper and pencil .
 This is a decent product but I thought it would be alot easier to do . If you want to design a box it is easy , but attempting to design a multilevel home is extremely difficult . Getting hit with some much marketing to upgrade the product I beleive this is just a piece of candy for you to buy the upgrade .
 I was excited to plan out an interior design project with this tool , but ended up disappointed . They definately oversell it as an interior design tool . Looking at the brochure online , I really think they must have touched up the images , because I do n't see any way that they could have created them with this product . As a matter of fact , the website Punch Interior Design software package implies that they did just that.The reason I do n't give it 1 star is that the video tutorial section is really great . I wish all software had that .
 After I purchased Home Designer Suite 6.0 , I opened the box , dropped the CD in the computer , and picked up the manual . But there was a problem . The manual that came in the box was for their $ 500 pro version instead of the Suite 6.0 version.Now you have got to question the competence of a software company that ca n't get the right manual in the box , but while they clearly screwed up , there is nothing intrinsically wrong with a them selling a crippled version of their software with features removed , and a full version as long as they clearly tell you what you are getting.Unfortunately they do n't . There is nothing on the packaging of the Suite 6.0 version to let you know that it is the crippled version of the pro version.Since I had the manual for the pro version , I fliped through it to see if I might want to upgrade to the pro version right away . Fortunately the `` What 's in the box '' page at the front of the pro manual let me know that I definitely did not want the pro version either.The pro version uses a hardware key that has to be plugged into either the serial port or the USB port of your computer or the software wo n't run . Hardware keys are a big cause of ulcers among computer users . They get in the way of your computer cables and they tend to come unplugged just before you want to save a really big file . If you ever do lose one , just try and get the software company to replace it.If you 'd like to give this software a try it would be a good idea to visit the company 's web page to make sure that the features included in the Suite 6.0 version will do what you you need in the long run with no upgrade ever being required . If you think that you might need the features of the pro version later , it 's my experience that using software that requires a hardware key is simply not worth the bother .
 Drawing the walls is easy but how do you change the dimensions ? I want to redesign my bathroom , which takes up an overall space of about 8 ' x 11 ' . The program automatically assigns it dimensions of 60 ' x 60 ' . This is as big as a house ! The tutorial says do n't worry , change it later . But it never tells you how . If someone knows , please tell me . In the meantime , I consider this program virtually useless .
 For all its hype , the software will not design to scale . Even had a CAD trained expert try . Found it to be worthless in designing our home addition ... wasted $ 83 . Do n't buy it .
 I bought this product after reading the other on-line reviews saying how easy it was to use . I am someone who works with computers daily and this was anything but easy ! It was hard to understand and getting someone from their help desk to assist was a joke ! I would n't recommend this product to anyone unless you 're a professional architect / computer genius !
 After reading the reviews here I thought I was in for a real treat . To my disappointment , after I installed the software -LRB- which was painful to say the least -RRB- the product constantly crashed and was very unstable . Drawing walls is a joke . There is absolutely no accuracy in design . To create a nice image crashed my computer at every turn . Hope the rest of you have better luck than I did .
 Let me preface this by saying
 1 . You ca n't print on anything over 8.5 x14 paper . Useless if you want to review your house to any standard scale .2 . I bought this thinking that it would be better than my 1993 version 3.0 of Broderbund 3D Home Architect . It turns out that this is exactly the same software!I strongly recommend looking for something better .
 After installing it I tried watching the tutorial video for getting started , but it did n't work and there was no error message . I used the email support option and received no response . After calling their non-toll-free tech support line I was told that even though I 'm allowed to install on drives other than C : , I should n't . Now I have to root through the file system to find the videos I want . Second issue , I call customer support and ask them for a replacement CD . They say ` no problem , it 'll be there in 3-5 days . ' 2 weeks later , nothing . So I call them back and they told me they could n't receive the fax I sent them so they did n't do anything . Apparently they have no record of my registration of the product , and did n't record the fact that I needed a new CD . Oops on my part for assuming they had a customer database.Scott
 This program does not allow you to switch to elevation and view or alter framing details . I 'm only using it for a simple garage and I expected to be able to generate simple working plans with basic demensions . Not so . You might as well pick up a copy of The Sims so you could at least have some fun with it . If you want to get rough ideas this might be for you but if you actually want to work from it , forget it . Very disappointing waste of money .
 One of my friends owns an older copy of the Macmillan distribution of Linux Mandrake , but he could not get it to work properly . I thought I would give Macmillan a chance so I decided to buy Linux for Windows . Linux for Windows -LRB- Linux Mandrake 7.2 in disguise -RRB- has proven to be a bust !! After rebooting my computer , the installation program would not start . I tried many different installation methods offered with Linux for Windows and none of them worked . I even changed the boot order in my BIOS and it still did not work . Creating a boot disk also did not work . Tech support is non-existant . My friend contacted Macmillan many times for tech support and he has not received any support what so ever -LRB- it has been over a year now and still now word ! -RRB- . If your looking for a worry free installation of Linux , I suggest going with SUSE LINUX 7.0 Personal Edition . Installation was a snap and for all the software it includes , it 's a bargain .
 Forget about this Mandrake , it is a dead horse it is so outdated that none of today 's linux software will run on it . It is so ancient it would not recognize any of today 's computer hardware . Even then , back in 2002 it was mediocre at best . I ca n't believe it is still offered for a sale on Amazon . Get Mandriva instead as it is what it has evolved into . But this Mandrake from 2002 is a museum piece .
 After 3 weeks -LRB- probably 40 + hrs at the computer -RRB- I have had the following expericences to share ; 1 -RRB- I have a 1 year old Dell computer Linux does n't recognise my modem . If you have an internal modem chances it will not work with mandrake linux -LRB- and all linux distribs 's -RRB- . 2 -RRB- I have not been able to get it to recognise my CD writer . 3 -RRB- One of Linux 's strengths is being able to use the Apache web server right ? ... Wrong ! Click on install Apache 1.3.12 in this product it will say ... install disk 1 I put in disk 1 click o.k. and nothing happens.If you want to get frustrated and stressed and feel stupid -LRB- particularly if you ask someone in the linux community or a linux shop for help -RRB- then buy Linux.But if your time -LRB- like mine -RRB- is worth more than about $ 5 an hour do n't buy this product . Even if Microsoft is and has been anti-competitive at least you can get your job done with there products .
 I downloaded the free version of Realplayer , so that I could download utube videos . Realplayer never worked very well and often had to be shut down , by windows in order to protect my computer . Now it -LRB- the free version -RRB- does not work at all . Windows says that Realplayer needs to be debugged and that there is no way to debug it . Now what ? I think that there are other videos on youtube with instructions for downloading youtube videos without using Realplayer.I like free Microsoft media players better anyway .
 Real Player is the worst media player I have ever used . Any apple product puts it too shame . Never ever spend any money on it .
 This is one of the biggest rip offs of a software program I have ever purchased . I 've only given it one star because I do n't have the option of NO stars.I bought this for my son 's Intel Mac , only problem is it does n't work on a Intel Mac . Too bad it does n't say that anywhere on the box or in the online advertising . I installed it on my G5 and can not believe how slow it works and of what poor quality the fish are . They do n't even look close to realistic . If you want more realistic looking fish , get Serene Screne 's Marine Aquarium . Far superior to this poor excuse of a screensaver !
 Aquazone is good , but I 've found that Serene Scene is a better product . Aquazone is not as realistic as Serene Scene and that is what I was looking for . The realism of fish in an aquarium . If I could go back I would buy Serene Scene instead .
 I had to return this product . I have a newer G5 iMac with all OS X updates and as a program it worked . But if you buying this for a sreensaver , like I did , the product did n't work . I tried emailing and posted a question on Allume forum , got no response .
 This product is totally uncompatible with Windows Vista . It screwed up my brand new coputer and cost me $ 130 to get it fixed .
 This product can not be installed on a computer , therefore it has to be run from the CD . There are several `` flaws '' in the software , for instance , the most basic element is the ASL alphabet , but several of the letters -LRB- in the alphabet -RRB- , do not display , so I do n't know the signs for the letters
 product does not work with newer versions of Windows . Do n't buy . Shipper is fine . They shipped promptly and accurately . The product just does not work unless you have an old computer .
 Only works with an operating seems that 's been obsolete for what seems like decades . This fact was not displayed in a manner that would have kept me from purchasing it and paying for the shipment straight into my physical recycle bin .
 The bridge game -LRB- Bicycle Bridge -RRB- on CD that I purchased was not compatible with my pc , I return the item -LRB- as instructed by the seller -RRB- for refund over 3 weeks ago and have as yet to receive my refund on purchase . I am not sure your refund policy is a strong as I would have expected from Amazon . Could you give me any suggestions as to how to proceed for my refund from what I have already done?Thanks , Marvin
 I bought this product to replace the Norton virus scan which I received on my new Dell as a trial offer . From what I read - including Amazon.com 's reviews - it seemed to be the best anti-virus program on the market . When I tried to install it , I found that this product is not all what it is cracked up to be . Installation was impossible . I uninstalled all my Norton software -LRB- since Pc-cillin wo n't let you have both on your computer -RRB- and installed the software . It asks you to register the product on line , but when I connected , after about 2 minutes the blue screen of death pops up , tells me that a serious error has occurred which caused a physical dump of memory , and I have to reboot my computer . Luckily with XP you can reconfigure the computer to a time before the bad software was loaded , and this saved me . I reloaded Norton , and contacted Pc-cillin 's customer support . That was a while ago , and I have n't heard from them at all . Not even a confirmation e-mail stating that they were handling my case.Bottom line , Pc-cillin sells a defective product -LRB- at least the one I got was -RRB- , and their customer support is lousy.Norton seems to really be the only game in town unless you like to mess around with poorly written software and useless customer support .
 The product works pretty good at preventing infections but has problems . I never had a problem with viruses while I was using it , but it changed my email POP3 settings every time my computer was turned on , preventing me from getting email . The only way I could get email was to go in and manually change the settings back , a real chore . PC-cillin support was no help with preventing the need for this . When I stopped using PC-cillin I changed to another anti-virus program and it is able to protect me without messing up my email settings . The support staff told me to download the `` international '' version , which seemed to cause me all kinds of problems . It went downhill from there with just one problem after another until I gave up and decided to switch to another vendor . PC-cillin was very hard to remove from my computer . It 's one of those products that even when you `` uninstall '' leaves stuff on your computer that interferes with a clean new install . I had to get support to help me and they were reluctant to help me and it seemed to be followed up with a virus attack .
 I installed this pc-cillin 2002 into my WIN98 machine . Machine started behaving erratic , then locked-up . I un-installed it and things went back to normal . E-mailed tech support , days later got return e-mail asking questions that I previously stated/answered . Waited a few days ; sent another e-mail . Then another three days later , and another e-mail asking me to repeat everything I stated the first time ! Nothing heard since . I tried to re-install , turning off some of the features ; computer runs real slow with Netscape , after some time , locked up again . I certainly can not recommend this product . Customer Support stinks , and the software is useless to me . I wished I had purchased Norton !
 I purchased this product to plot and provide turn-by-turn directions for trips and to load maps to my Legend . This product does not provide turn-by-turn directions . When I called the Garmin software help line , the suggestion was made to purchase the Metroguide USA product since it had all functions of R&R and more . Seems the R&R was the first software product offered and is for low memory units -LRB- 1mb -RRB- . This is an obsolete product and since I opened the package -- it can not be returned . If you have a newer GPS unit with more than a mb of memory , do n't bother with this software . It is not designed for your unit . Do n't look for this info in the manual -- it 's not there . Call the help line and you may find your money was wasted .
 I have a Legend and wanted additional map details for my unit - so I purchased this software . Well , I got all the map details but no functionality . The documentation is bad and so is the online help . Worst of all you can not even look up a street address - even with a paper map I can look up the general area of a street . What 's up with that ? I would not recommend this product at all buy the Metroguide .
 I think Amazon should check there suppliers a little beter . The company that was suppose to send the product is out of business or something . Never got the Item nor a e-mail . All I got was charged for the item . Thats it just charged . Now I have to fight to reverse the charge .
 I have used the maps for Southern New Mexico and El Paso , Texas and found they are not very accurate except on the interstates and major roads . For example , my house shows up as being on a different street . Also , the maps do n't show any of the roads that have been built within about the last 5 years .
 I bought MetroGuide USA and tried using it . Compared to MS Streets & Trips it is very `` clumsy '' to use and lacks many of the functions I have grown used to with Streets & Trips.Love my Garmin GPS but hate their map programs .
 The MetroGuide is NOT compatible with the Garmin StreetpilotIII + . I purchased this on reference that other customers who hadbought the Streetpilot III + had bought the metro guide . Go for Roadsand Recreation ! See Garmin FAQs ...
 I got this for my eTrex Legend . Like the other reviewers have said , the maps are pretty badly out of date . If you 're in a relatively new area , do n't expect this CD to have any streets listed.If you are navigating in an established area that 's been around for more than three or four years , you 'll find the maps to be pretty helpful . They are very detailed , and I 've found that even if a restaurant is n't properly located on the map , the marker is usually within walking distance of where it should be . Note though , that because this map data is rapidly aging , a lot of these restaurants have gone out of business and no longer exist.I live in Los Angeles , and the area is so big that Garmin split it up into two maps on this CD . One covers just about everything west of the 710 freeway , and another covers everything from the 710 east out to Palm Desert and Orange County . The problem is that these two maps are like 7 megs EACH.If you live in the Los Angeles area and require full coverage , the 8 MB of the eTrex Legend just is n't enough to hold it all at once . That 's not a big deal for me , but it would have been nice to know that beforehand.If you have a need for coverage of the entire LA/OC area , you 'd be much better off with an eTrex Vista which has 24 megs of memory -LRB- and costs more than twice as much as the Legend ! -RRB-
 While Garmin makes some of the worlds best GPS hardware , I ca n't say the same for their software . I read a number of reviews cautioning that their maps were out of date before purchasing this product . I then called Garmin directly and was told that all of the maps had been updated in 8/2001 . I do n't know what they updated , but it was n't their maps . I have never seen maps so out of date or a search engine that was so worthless . The only advantage that Garmin 's software has over MS Streets and Trips or DeLorme 's Street Atlas Deluxe is the ability to upload maps into the GPS , but what good is that if the maps are n't current ? If you need to get to an address , do n't expect Garmin 's software to get you there . Ask a cop first . It 's cheaper and more reliable .
 Version five is out , just ordered and got version four -- ouch !
 a step by step video guide . dog experts agree that careful obedience training can give your dog a happier and healthier life . with the help of this interactive cd.rom it 's easy to get any dog to behave and respond to your commands . whether your dog is big or small young or old you 'll find lots of tips and suggestions . packed with video and lavishly illustrated with color photos this cd is a must have for every dog owner . there 's no easier way to make your dog more friendly . it did not work well .
 you can play boggle online . this cd does not work . the dictionary look up function simply does not work . also the boggle game does not accept thousands of valid words , words which are accepted on the web game . you can add these words in by hand to the boggle cd list so they will work in the future . but why should you have to . forget it . it -LSB- stinks -RSB- .
 I made the error of not checking the system requirements and this game does not translate to Windows ME .
 It is my belief that some years ago a number of Hasbro executives met in a room and decided to cash in on their highly recognized board game titles by computerizing them . This could have led to definitive , high quality software versions of games like Boggle . Instead we have a game with ridiculous and chintzy graphic effects that do nothing for gameplay , an array of absurd `` sub-games , '' and , most importantly , a software product that does not seem to get updated/patched . The game is playable -LRB- at least on some versions of Windows -RRB- , and playing opponents on the internet is perhaps its strongest selling point . However , the release of this product also brought a wave of legal action against existing rogue Boggle-like sites ... The result , unfortunately , probably did more to hurt the Boggle community than help , as most rogue sites , in addition to being free and platform independent , were also responsive to user requests and are now largely shut down.Hasbro is depending on market-share and market-reach to sell this game . I recommend holding them to a higher standard and not buying the computer version of it .
 I hope they upgrade this fine game . Windows 7 and following OS does not like it . Too bad , excellent games .
 I have been using the CD Stomper Pro for several years and have been very pleased with the results . BUT , when I needed refill labels , out of habit , I grabbed the familiar purple package with `` CD Stomper '' written on it without looking closely enough to realize that these were n't the labels I was used to using.These were n't the peel-off labels that I used with my CD Stomper Pro ; these had perferations in the center and perferated tabs on the edges . `` Fine , '' I thought , `` I 'll just use these . '' Ugh ... they ripped , they tore , they were garbage . I lost count of how many labels I ended up wasting.Please , people , do n't make the same mistake I did . If you see the little icon in the lower left side that shows the Stomper with a label with the tabs on the edges , stop , drop the package , and find some other labels pronto . I do n't know if these things replaced the labels I used before or if they are just a cheaper product line . Either way , they 're garbage and should be avoided at all costs .
 I was happy using CD Stomper several years ago . After reading several negative reviews , I was wondering about this newer product , but I ordered one to try out . Unfortunately , I have to agree with the negative reviewers . Because of the unnecessary tabs , the sheet jams all the time . I use Canon Pixma MP150 . This printer has no problem with the previous product or any other papers . This newer product is thinner , so it is very difficult to tear off . I really do n't understand why Avery made this wonderful product much worse . I will never use this product again .
 These used to work fine.Then they added side tabs and a center hole that end up tearing your label . Takes twice the time to do the job - and if you need to label 50 CD 's , the time adds up . Thanks for `` fixing '' a product that was n't broke.Buy another brand , like Quill
 They got about everything wrong on this one ... 1 . label thickness is sub-par . Printed labels have that copy-paper inky-bleed look to them because the paper is literally too cheap and thin to display ink properly .2 . There are holes in each sheet which supposedly make it easier to pull the adhesive paper off the base layer . In practice , these holes near the pull-tabs cause the paper to jam about 50 % of the time .3 . The perforation around the center holes often does not peel easily and tears .4 . Online templates -LRB- I used the photoshop one -RRB- do n't line up correctly.You 're basically screwed at every turn with this product . Do yourself a favor and get anything from the fellowes Neato line - better paper , easier peel , does n't jam and their matte has excellent photo reproduction . I ran out of my neato 's and picked these up in a jam - NEVER AGAIN .
 The manufacturer added little `` tabs '' because these labels are so thin that they tear when you try to remove them from the backing . The tabs do n't help much and they do n't tear cleanly from the label . A solution to a problem that creates yet another problem . The best solution would be to purchase another brand .
 I went through at least half the pack on wasted jammed paper . I truly have never had a problem with paper going through my printer , but this - frankly - sucked . The stomper software is pretty lousy for bringing in artwork created outside the program , but I got that down after two mis-registered prints . SO I THOUGHT I was finally in the clear - until this cheap backing and paper started ripping in the print feed . How hard does Avery have to work to make a decent product . Jut to be clear - the original stomper paper that came in the pack worked fine through the same printer . So I can only assume the problem is this product . Maybe they `` reformulated '' the product if they manufactured the original . Probably saves them a buck a pack . Truly a disappointment - and waste of time and ink .
 Amazon , you can not sell CD/DVD labels UNLESS you provide an image of the label layout on the sheet . Avery , Memorex and Stomper all sell various label configurations under their own brand names . Unless you can see a sample sheet , you do n't know what you are buying . Amazon , buck up . include a sample layout with every CD/DVD label set you sell .
 Although these labels were functional , I was disappointed as the paper is far thinner than for similar labels I had purchased previously , and these tended to tear easily .
 No matter how good you think your product is , you still have to support it if you sell it as a commercial product . After multiple attempts at overcoming problems in the install/configuration with fonts appearing as bar code on two different machines . I wrote an email to Slackware . No problem resolution , they gave up . I 've used just about every Linux distro out there and this was a disappointment considering what I had read about the product . Maybe a great product , but some house cleaning needs to be done in the support office . When you sell something as a commercial product it is no longer a hobby . Wasted my money !
 This CD is just a collection of software that can be found on the internet . And most of it is shareware , which means you have to pay extra to use it .
 Paying ten bucks for shareware is just not worth it . I was disappointed to see that these were n't `` full '' programs . I would not recommend purchasing this software .
 I was rather dissapointed after receiving my order for this item . After an installation onto my computer that was less than smooth -LRB- it crashed Windows -RRB- , I began to navigate through the various Palm utilities . To my surprise , most of these utilities were shareware programs . To legally use any of them , it is necessary to pay a fee to the company that originally created the software . -LRB- In other words , I paid for this CD , and I 'd have to pay again to use the software ! -RRB- There are much better Palm utilities available-this is one to skip !
 This is a CD full of `` try-out '' shareware applications , not the full versions ! Not worth even if you PAID ME !
 You just do not need this stupid cdrom even though I got it free after rebate .
 It is all shareware that can be downloaded free of cost from the internet . And the rebate is still missing after 6 months .
 I 've been waiting on my rebate for over three months now , they delayed the payout date again until February . Little use for the software and bogus rebate . BEWAREBTW -- this is shareware , you still have to pay AGAIN to get to use the software on this CD .
 Basically , the utilities were pretty useless , with one or two exceptions ...
 it is great to have these programs because there are useful for my handspring visor platinum organizer .
 The software is not what I expected , the tutorial is not good at all . I do not reccomend this software to anyone .
 I will never buy another product from this manufacturer . I have a legal copy of this program , and on the weekend my motherboard died . I had to buy a new board then reinstall all my software , and when I got to DNS8 it told me I 'd registered too many times and I had to buy a new copy.Hidden somewhere in the site I found reference to uninstalling the previous install whilst online to allow me to install it again . So , I dug out my old hard drive , set it up temporarily , connected to the internet and uninstalled . Went to the new machine and installed and ... no dice . Same message.This is the worst example of product activation , and when I went to customer support they wanted my credit card number in order to charge ME $ 9.95 to install a legally purchased product . I will now explore other means because I fully intend to use the software I paid a lot of money for.And in case anyone from the company ever reads this -LRB- unlikely -RRB- , I 'm going to use all my online clout to tell people just how annoyed I am . I only get one thousand three hundred unique visitors per day to my websites and blogs , but that adds up to quite a few people over a couple of months and you can be damn sure every one of them will hear about this . I once wrote a lengthy blog post praising your product . Now it 's time for the addendum .
 I bought DNS 8 Standard after injuring my right arm -LRB- I 'm right handed -RRB- that has disabled me from typing for at least 2-3 months . I installed it on my laptop and my desktop to see how it worked . The bundled headset was rejected by the software as being of unacceptably low noise ratio quality , but my ow Plantronics headset worked acceptably . Installation and training on both computers was painless.The software did never work anywhere near acceptably on either machine . Accuracy was maybe 50 % It rarely got more than one word right at a time , if I said more than one word it would just get confused and start making up nonsense . Word training did not help noticably , neither did spelling . On my AMD 3200 + desktop , the software was slow and never was as fast as I type with just my left hand ! On top of that , what the program interpreted was half wrong so I would spend 3-4 times more time correcting , than I did typing . On that machin it took 1-3 seconds to look up a word -LRB- name -RRB- that I added to it 's vacabulary . Other words in the main dictionary were only somewhat faster.Running some optimization method from the toolbar menu resulted in the program becoming completely lost and accuracy dropped to 0 % After uninstalling and re-installing the program worked about as well as before.I 'm not a native English speaker and have slight accent , but have lived in the US for 6 + years and English is the only language I speak 10-11 months out of the year . I tried to use both the British and US dictionaries , and while my accent is somewhat more British than American , the software did not get more than about 25 % of what I said , when using the UK dictionary.So , bottom line is that this has been a rather disappointing software investment for me . My ccent may be the problem for m and that the program just ca n't figure it out . So while my experience is basically 0 star rating , I 'm handing out 2 stars for the effort and because I know other programmers who swear by DNS , so there has to be something useful there , even though it was n't for me .
 When paying as much as I did for this product , I would have expected a little better . Training the program turned into a constant battle for me , and I never could get it to work well enough to be faster than typing . Then I began having unexplained system problems . Internet Explorer began working poorly , and I became unable to download any updates for WindowsXP . I finally noticed my firewall alert going off , and checked my security log . There were several entries from the manufacturer of this program , some of which had accessed and changed executable programs in my system . -LRB- My firewall includes a back trace , so I can tell where any attack originates from . -RRB- After I restored my system to a point before NaturallySpeaking 8 was installed , my system problems have vanished . I ca n't believe ScanSoft would put out a program like this , and I will avoid them in the future .
 G'day , I bought DNS 8 Standard to use mainly on trips so I could keep a diary of the trips.When I tried it , the voice recognition was so-so . The worst part was that after about 3 pages the `` file '' fills up and you have to begin a new one.Now maybe there is a way around this , but I and no one else will be able to find out from Nuance . Their customer -LSB- dis -RSB- service is down at the bottom of the Marianas Trench . -LSB- I could make reference to whale droppings , but that would n't be polite . -RSB- I emailed them about this and was told to call for an answer . However , that would be my one and only free call.I really think , Nuance needs competition.Hello there Microsoft !
 This product only works if the microphone headset they provide is positioned in precisely the correct place . It takes about 15 minutes for me to find that exact place each time I use the product.I 'll get it working , take off the headset and the next time I try using it , it types random words until I manage to get the microphone exactly right . That makes the product unusable for me . In the time it takes me to get the microphone right I could have just typed whatever I was going to dictate .
 I think that the Version 8 pc-RAM requirement that the manufacturer Nuance has published is false on webpage < http://www.amazon.com/ScanSoft-Dragon-Naturally-Speaking-Standard/dp/system-requirements/B00030096W/ref=noref/102-1894406-6370552?ie=UTF8&n=229534&s=software >
 Wish I had known this software only does voice and does not support a digital voice recorder . I would have purchased the preferred edition .
 I have spent hours on this product , after using the train command to correct and familiarize the dictation -LRB- because the program wo n't get any word right , or even close -RRB- and after training it , which is the guarenteed 100 percent finality step for it to recognize a word you speak , it still get 's it right only 30 percent of the time ! No joke , you will have to spend thirty minutes to get one sentence with zero errors ! Even at ninety five percent accuracy , which some reviewers claim it has , you still have to spend twenty seconds to find the word and correct it ! It 's ten to fifty times quicker and easier to hand type your document !!!!!!!!!!!!! This program is a pathetic joke , the only amazing thing is when you say a work repeatedly , the same word mind you , the stupid program will come up with ten variations each time ! What a joke ! The designer of this laughable program owes me fifty bucks !
 Using version 7 has been very disappointing , though there is a lot of potential . It makes a lot of stupid mistakes , writing things that make no grammatical sense . Surely it would not be difficult to include simple grammatical rules so it can eliminate certain possibilities and have a better chance of correct interpretation . I have to make so many corrections , and the `` select '' function is so unreliable for me that using Dragon is usually much slower than typing.Tech support is nonexistent.Now they want us to pay money for version 8 . After spending money on the poor quality , buggy product -LRB- v7 -RRB- , I 'm not sure that I trust this company.Tips
 1 -RRB- It 's accuracy rate is so low , one finger typing is more efficient .2 -RRB- No tech support , no response to e-mails .3 -RRB- Try to register this software and see how far you get .4 -RRB- Their return policy is worthless , they just ignore you.Someone should contact the B.B.B. in the relevant area and make life difficult for them . It 's a hundred buck ripoff .
 LET THE BUYER BEWARE -- This product requires `` activation '' from Nuance and they do n't tell you this until AFTER you bought the product AND installed it . It wo n't work until you activate it and you get FIVE installs and then after that your CD to install is worthless . This means if you change laptops , replace a hard drive , need to reinstall because Windows got corrupted or the copy protection fails , etc. you are screwed . Nuance / ScanSoft also charges $ 20 per `` support incident '' and they are only open Monday through Friday . Email support is onerous too and subject to a charge FIRST before they will answer questions , although they will take all your information down first for marketing purposes . `` Individual users can interact with Nuance Technical Support through a pay per-incident email process . Incidents can be reported by completing the Problem Report Form at a cost of $ 9.95 per incident . '' You also ca n't contact them until you take out an account , and that includes anyone -- and your activation code too . This is a company that does not want to talk to the customer.This is the worst , most reprehensible kind of consumer abuse . Look elsewhere and support other companies . Do n't buy Omnipage , Textbridge , , Via Voice or Dragon NaturallySpeaking because Nuance / Scansoft have begun to take out copy protection issues on the customer . Now I 'm having an impossible time returning it even though I did n't activate the software . DO NOT but this software - do n't say you were n't warned .
 I think this product is highly overated and this claimof being 99 % accurate is false.Once in while it can amaze you by typing a sentence with 100 % accuracy , but this enthusiasm is quickly dashed whenyou realise that the very next sentence is completegibberish which bears absolutely no relation to what yousaid and you wonder how it could have possibly interpetedwhat you have in that manner.I think this program maybe accent sensitive so that a person with an American accent may get good results whilea person with a British or an Australian accent may get poor results for the same level of training.In summary I think the program is unreliable with anaccuracy of 45 % at its present level of developement.It has plenty of potential and with future developementit could much more reliable but at its present level ofdevelopement I think the performance is mediocre .
 do not buy this program . it does n't install and any trouble shooting requires a credit card payment .
 It took a long time to calibrate this software and even then it often got things wrong . Potentially only for bland North American accents
 DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT.I 've had it since version 8 and now have version 10 . More features / more bugs / less technical support . In fact this company has gone to absurd to charge customers for support of flawed products . Who do they think they are ? Microsoft?I have repaired/removed/re-installed this software so much I feel as competent with it as I think their `` software engineers '' do.Does is it scan ? Yes . Can you find it later ? Not always and sometimes not ever.I 'm looking for an alternative now that everything is in . pdf format.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 Do not buy any Nuance products , period . They have taken a great product -LRB- orginal Paperport up to 8.0 -RRB- and totally screwed it up . My PaperPort 10.0 was purchased at a retail store a I have all the activation numbers . It will load to my PC but will not open giving error messages . For the final insult to a customer is that Nuance CHARGES FOR ANY HELP OR SUPPORT . THEIR DAMN SOFTWARE WILL NOT WORK AND THEY WILL NOT FIX IT !!! In their knowledge base the problem I am experianceing says `` some mPC communications will cause PP 10.0 to not load . Remove the ofending software and try again . DO NOT BUY ANY OF THE NUANCE PRODUCTS !!!!
 Paperport 10.0 is the biggest POSh every !!!!!!!!!! I think it was released more as a harmeful virus than a helpful software tool because I ca n't even get it totally unistalled off my company comuter -LRB- and I am a technically skilled user -RRB- . DO NOT EVEN THINK OF INSTALLING 10.0 !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Many years ago , I switched from Papermaster to Paperport 7.0 . The difference was so dramatic that I fell in love with Paperport right away . Since then I have upgraded as each new version was released . Paperport 9.0 + turned out to be the best that ScanSoft released . Version 10 has many problems including ease of use , missing features , instability when printing from an external document.My suggestion to those who have verson 9 is to keep it , and those contemplating purchasing Paperport for the first time , invest in version 9 . It is still available many places on the web including Amazon.com
 I started using paperport 8 , 3 years ago and liked the product . When version 9 pro came out , I purchased it and really liked the PDF file feature and had no problems with it . It was slow at first , but I changed my virus scan software to not scan every file I opened and it corrected the speed.I purchased version 10 and have had HP scanner interface problems that ca n't seem to be resolved by Nuance . There service dept is non existant and absolutely not help , unless you want to open up your bank account to them . NOW they want me to buy version 11 . I do n't think so.Version 9 works ok , but version 10 has too many bugs that Nuance does n't want to address with there own money to update properly .
 This version is a disaster . It is very surprising that this software company can not grow with and respect its customer base . No doubt many customers have gained confidence in PaperPort with the various upgrades , and have come to rely upon it more and more . I am one of those - I have come to use it for `` industrial '' purposes ; making very large stacks and need , above all , to get my work done quickly . The current version is simply unusable for large projects ; impossibly slow . I am not sure what to do about this , but I will be going to Google and putting in `` scanning software '' to find out what 's about . I also have a pet gripe - the hand tool seemed to disappear a couple of versions ago . This made me go back to my previous version as I could n't do without this very useful tool . Comments here about this version being ok I think are from users who do n't do anything too complex or difficult . I did n't do anything too complex many years ago , but I have grown since then , but PaperPort has n't . Please Scansoft/Nuance , if you are reading this , do something quickly about this catastrophe . Minus five stars .
 I HAVE USED PAPERPORT FOR THE LAST 7 YEARS . IT HAS BEEN ONE OF THE BEST PROGRAMS I HAVE USED FOR HANDLING DOCUMENTS BUT THEY HAVE ENDED THE GOOD TIMES WITH VERSION 10 . WOW WHAT A FAILURE.BUGGYERRORSWON ' T SAVE DOCUMENTSSLOWTOTAL SYSTEM SLOWDOWN !!! JUST GET VERSION 9 UNTIL SCANSOFT IS LISTENING .
 Scansoft paperport 9 will not install with Windows XP service pack 2 . They also is no fix for this . I 've googled , gone to various forums and there is no fix . The official company site simply `` advises '' you to get Paperport 10 if you wish to have it work with Windows XP Service pack 2 .
 If you are a pilot , you know that you can only tie the low altitude record . Version 10 is basically unsusable , a new low in crappy , buggy software , the AOL of document management . There is an apparent conflict with Adobe pdf -LRB- I have Adobe v7 Professional installed -RRB- - I ca n't bring up the paperport 10 application and touch any pdf document in a folder without the application freezing . I have uninstalled , reinstalled , not only Paperport 10 , but also scandirect and pdf convert and OminiPage . After scanning literally thousands of documents , I am not sure what my alternatives are , but I know I need more than ` Nuance ' . Paying for tech support for workarounds to software errors ??? - that is more flawed than the software itself . My Indian tech support ` expert ' was clueless .
 The only thing worse than version 10 is version 11 . On a computer with 3.0 gHz dual core , 2MB RAM , 1TB Storage , this program is EXCRUCIATINGLY SLOW when viewing any more than a handful of documents ! I need SEVERAL HUNDRED per folder , and it is coming up FAR short.Horrible . Do n't waste your money . In fact , going to the casino or bar would be money better spent .
 Just bought version 11 online due to a problem that just occurred with PaperPort version 9 . Thought I would upgrade to see if it was a Windows problem , or a Nuance issue . Never really got to find out , as this product only installs to drive C : . Could n't get it to find drive J
 Some of the features in version 10 were very nice -LRB- search features and better page handling -RRB- compared to version 9 which I have been using for quite some time . The biggest dissapointment for me was that version 10 would not recognize the ADF feature of my HP7130 all-in-one . Multi-page documents had to be scanned a single page at a time . This effectively eliminated it 's usefullness . I went back to version 9 . Another reviewer said that he could not use version 9 with XP service pack 2 , but I have had no problem .
 I have Paperport 9 which came with my computer . It produces multiple files with wrong names when you save them to your computer . The filenames are completely incorrect . There is no accessible email or phone helpline .
 This is my first Amazon review . I have been using Amazon since the dawn of time -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and this is the only product to move me so much as to break my silence and warn others.This product is practically non-functional . I have used PaperPort 9 for 21/2 years and happily so . I thought 10 would be much better , but it must have been a re-write , because it 's very different.Granted , none of this is a measurable problem just opinion , so here are my measurables : - Where it once was instantaneous to double-click on a thumbnail to view a document , it now takes 5 to 10 seconds . - Where once i could move a document between folders instantly , it now takes the same 5 to 10 seconds . - With Paperport 9 , my scanner could run at top speed without stopping . With 10 , my scanner overwhelms the app and causes it to crash if i let it run full out.Paperport is/was a great product , but version 10 is a complete waste . Please purchase version 9 and you 'll be glad you did.Oh , and if you have problems with Paperport -- Scansoft charges you to talk to them about it . All technical support is on a pay-as-you-go basis , no freebies . There are google/yahoo support groups , but they offer little help.Buyer Beware
 I 've been using Paper Port 9 for some time , with satisfaction . 10 is , on balance , a step back from 9 and I do n't recommend it . The Page Autostraighten feature , so useful in 9 , is unavailable in 10 . It 's always grayed out . Storage of native files could be put in an assigned folder in 9 , but not in 10 . And 10 operates slower . ScanSoft offers essentially zero customer support except at a charge , so no help there . I 'm about to remove 10 and re-install 9 .
 Like others who have commented here , I have been a very happy Paperport 9 Professional user for several years . Last month , when I got a new high-end laptop with Windows XP Pro and saw that Paperport 10 Pro had just been released , I checked it out and was excited about all the new features.However , from the moment I loaded it on my computer -LRB- and I should note that I am a VERY experienced computer user AND I actually read and follow directions carefully - so this is n't a case of some newbie who did n't know what he was doing -RRB- this software has been an unmitigated disaster ! Everything ran at the speed of stone and my system crashed repeatedly . In the end , I completely re-imaged my computer back to the way it was when it came from the factory and re-installed all my software . I went back to Paperport 9 Pro and everything is fine again.BUYER BEWARE !!
 I have used PaperPort since version 8 . Version 10 should be much better . It has some nice ideas added . They just do n't work in the first release.The other reviews of this product spotlight the defects in the initial release . It is usually a good idea to wait for the first patch before writing any review of a product . But it is not four months since ScanSoft allowed this mess out the door , and there is no sign of progress.Listen to what other people have said . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNTIL THEY MEND IT .
 I 've been using Paperport for years , started before v7 was ever released , and made every upgrade along the way . Each verson was always a nice improvement , espec v9 ... but NOT v10 . Stay away from it ... buy v9 instead.If you were a v9 user , and upgraded to v10 , y' all know what I mean . Simply stated , it 's trash ... full of bugs , slower than ... slow . Oh so frustrating.For those of you who never used Paperport before , you MIGHT like v10 ... but that 's because you do n't know any better . ScanSoft NEEDS A MAJOR !!!! BUG FIX for v10 , if even that will ever do the job . Version 10 should have never been released in its current state.For any newbies to Paperport ... buy v9 . It works smoothly , is faster ... and it still has plenty of features that you will like , and other features , once you better learn the software , that you will learn to exploit with satisfaction . The so-called new stuff that v10 supposedly offers is not even close to significant enough for one to have to endure all is ` bugs ' , inoperabilty and slowness . ... that you will quickly come to find out if you were a knowledgeable user of the earlier versions.I upgraded to v10 as soon as it was released , and have had to ` tolerate ' it everyday , and do ` work arounds ' from the way I previously used it , since the day I installed it -LRB- a few months ago -RRB- ... while waiting , and waiting ... and waiting for Scansoft to release a Patch/update ... Well enough is enough . Tomorrow is April 1st , and I am no fool ! ... I 'm switching back to PP-v9 .
 Does not work with XP Professional . I have tried reinstalling , thank you . Locks up about every fifth time when printing in the PaperPort proprietary format to file from Web . Then if you reboot and try to delete the file using the program , it locks up again . The only way to delete is to open a dos command line , go to the directory and delete there . You can print to file in PDF format and then convert to Paperport Format . Every new version of PaperPort comes out Buggy . I have been using the program since version 5 . This one is the worst . They have no patches .
 I 've been using Paperport since Version 4 . Each upgrade since has brought at least one important feature , and many new bugs , which usually get ironed out , but not always . I 've never been able to use the indexing system , mainly because it 's always been buggy and a CPU hog when it 's running.While storing in PDF is a great idea , especially since Paperport seems to be on a downward trajectory in quality -LRB- and no support other than paid support -- you ca n't even report bugs without paying -RRB- , it 's a good idea to be able to get your documents out of the MAX format and into a format supported by others.Version 10 is so slow on my dual processor programmer class workstatio -LRB- Dell Precision 650 -RRB- , that I hate having to go and look for my documents . It 's not slow finding them , it 's too slow opening them and working with them . It used to be instantaneous -- now its wait , wait , wait . It 's basically unacceptible.With Scansoft 's poor support policy , I will not be buying Paperport any longer . I will stay with Version 9 until I can find something else . My version 10 , if used for anything , will be used to convert out of the MAX format .
 When I installed my first Paperport -LRB- v7 -RRB- , it was one of my top 3 programs of all times . Since then , PP has gone downhill with every major revision . It took me a year to get through the fatal bugs in v9 , although it will still crash from time to time for no apparent reason , the only software from my 142 installed programs to do so . Of my 3 big reasons of use -LRB- search , compressed document format and document edit -RRB- , I use PP only for edits of my scans , as Acrobat -LRB- for archive format -RRB- and Copernic -LRB- free -RRB- do a much better job in the other two departments.In light of this track-record , v10 is an insult to injury as v9 should have been fully cleaned up before a new offering . I fervently hope the company can stitch the product up as I do not yet wish to abandon an old favourite.I normally hate writing such reviews as all the negative publicity affects product sales , on which depend many jobs . Much hard work goes into product development so it is with a sad heart that I am moved to write this review , moved because a company could be so greedy to continue to milk its loyal customer base with half baked offerings . If this were a car , the streets would be littered with accidents .
 I have been an AMazon customer forever and likewise , have had every version of PaperPort since the olden days . PaperPort has gone to hell in a hand basket . Once it was a great product ; I had all my documents , receipts , even pictures scanned into it . Since about v. 8.0 , the company has abandoned its thousands of loyal fans , and that has only gotten worse over v. 9.0 and 10.0 . It 's quite simply impossible to get int ouch with a human , and now my PP is running so slow , out of the blue , that I 'm looking for another product . -LRB- In the past , I always got an upgrade , looking for a fix . No more . -RRB-
 I had Paperport 6 running on a win 98 machine . This version rocked but did not work properly on windows XP so I `` upgraded '' to 10.0 . What a huge mistake ! It took many attempts to register the software so it would work . Once it was up and running it was slow slow slow . It was one of the reasons I bought a faster new computer but it still was slow slow slow ! And talk about buggy . Do n't even bother to use the help menu . The reason its not doing what you expect is because the software is broken ! I paid $ 50 for paperport 6 and $ 100 for Paperport 10.0 . That 's $ 100 I wish I could get back .
 I got this item cause it was cheap compared to other software which will allow navigation using a pda and bluetooth reciever . The software has a very steep learning curve , is very slow and cumbersome . Has a convoluted process of initiation on the PDA and since the maps are inaccurate , it makes it a really bad buy . I am trying to return it back to the company . Amazon only gives 50 % refund for opened software.Installation : The installation of software on to the PDA is a seperate process which is not explained anywhere except Delorme website . Once you load the software there is no manual , just a small tutorial . When you try to load the maps to the pda , it loads 3 kinds of maps -LRB- road map , satellite and something else -RRB- . This will create huge files which will never finish uploading . You have the option to load just the road map which is faster . The map of each state itself is divided in segments , you have to choose each segment that you want to load . All the options have to be loaded before you upload the maps to your PDA ex
 I have been a user of Delorme for over 6 years . Problems are not only with the program but also with their customer service . Here 's the gist : The program may give you points of entry onto a road when there is no need for them -LRB- i.e. it tells you to get off the highway to get back on by going in a loop and returning to the highway -RRB- . The program takes an eternity to start.It may provide you routes that do n't exist.Roads are outdated and/or identified incorrectly even if you upgrade every year.The voice feature works 60 to 70 % of the time . You can barely hear the driving instruction -LRB- you will need to close the windows and tell everyone in the car to shut up -RRB- . The option for speaking to the program does n't work well at all -LRB- I have never been able to get it working properly -RRB- . Be extremely careful with their Bluetooth GPSs.I purchased the blue logger and it has been vacationing in a case for 2 years now . The darn thing works when it wants -LRB- just like some of my employees -RRB- and when it does it losses signal . Tried to contact customer service and got response 3 days latter -LRB- though they did call me -RRB- . I was instructed to remove the battery of the gps in order for it to reset itself . I did and what do you think happened ? NADA !! And last but not least , The PDA option is a joke . It will take forever to upload the map to the PDA and it is EXTREMELY difficult to use . Do n't even think about trying to use the PDA for entering address location for driving directions . It is just not worth the frustration.In true honesty , the only reason I keep buying the product , the software , is due to the price and my line of work . JUST DO NOT , I repeat DO NOT buy any of their accessories -LRB- GPS -RRB- . Go with more reliable companies . I have never and will never purchase any hardware from them again .
 I have the 2006 and thought I would get this to upgrade ... well it is a lot more difficult to use ... ca n't figure out why they just did n't add the road changes to the old format ...
 I upgraded from 2003 Street Atlas . The new one has even poorer routing.If I go from Page , AZ to Ann Arbor , MI . This new version routes me on a 4 wheel drive road -LRB- for over 50 miles -RRB- even though I have Freeway preferences set . There is no way to exclude Canada . Re-entry to the U.S. is so difficult , -LRB- soon to require a passport -RRB- , the speed limits are 62 MPH max in Canada , and the fuel , especially Premium , is unbelievably expensive and I do not want to go there when I am trying to go to Vermont . There should be a way to exclude and include certain roads and countries . No routing -LRB- except shortest possible -RRB- should include dirt roads . I am 64 and went on an 8400 mile trip last summer . It was difficult to force this program to route me where I wanted to go . I use the GPS option with it and the GPS works most of the time , except it SNAPS back when trying to look ahead or at alternative routes while driving , very annoying .
 Do yourself a favor and buy the Adams one from Staples . These people are too paranoid about unprovided serial numbers . . It also will not work after 12 15 01 . If you like being on hold , buy it .
 Gone are the old days when a guy like me could write 10 print `` hello '' and 20 goto 10 and expect to have something magical happen . Nowadays , it 's all about GUI interfaces and `` OLE applets '' . It takes nearly twelve million lines of code just to print out the words `` Bill Gates eats turnips '' on my computer , and that 's without any icons or mouse pointers . I think someone should do something .
 Gone are the old days when a guy like me could write 10 print `` hello '' and 20 goto 10 and expect to have something magical happen . Nowadays , it 's all about GUI interfaces and `` OLE applets '' . It takes nearly twelve million lines of code just to print out the words `` Bill Gates eats turnips '' on my computer , and that 's without any icons or mouse pointers . I think someone should do something .
 As a programmer guy involved with software and programming , all I can say is this product is thorougly unsatisfying . thoroughly . Rapid development they say . I say `` ha '' ! It took me over three weeks just to write a program and make it work . three Weeks dude ! I do n't know about you , but time is money . Know what I mean ? Visual is fine , but is n't audio kind of implied ? I mean , when I tried talking to the program , telling it to go and make this program and go and make this it just stood there silent . It did n't say , `` sorry ravi I ca n't make that program today . '' It did n't say anything . Where I come from in India that is just plain rude . Say something for sakes . But I guess the packaging was very nice , with the sideways eight and all . -LRB- that 's where the extra star came from in the rating -RRB- Yo Microsoft , when writing your programs make sure to allow for the case when people are talking to them . Visual Studios rudeness has almost turned me off of Microsoft altogether . Do n't mean to be hard on you , but programming is tough work and it 's nice to get a little help every now and then , especially with programming . And software programming , and internet bits as well as TCP/IP stuff .
 The biggest let down is that you ca n't access the dictionary from any other programs or the web . The company claims it integrates with ms word , but I just receive errors when it tries to work with ms word . Also , you ca n't paste a word you want to look up into the search box you have to type it in instead - which takes more time . The definitions are shorter than I was expecting . I do not recommend this product .
 My excitment went vanished merely five minutes after installing this software . And I immediately uninstalled it and tossed the CD 's into the trash bin without a second thought . One gets the idea who much aversion this thing incurred in me.Before the purchase of this title , I had been using a very old CD Rom version of the American Heritage Dictionary for five years . And during that fives years , I made great use of it for the contents were no tenuous matter . However , one must say that the features of the AHD CD Rom were also dated - I had it installed on win 95 , then win 98 , and lastly win xp . I thought it was time that I opted for a more up-to-date software.Now I shall list all my disappointments in the Random House CD Rom and juxtapose them with the amenities of the ancient AHD CD Rom which still serves me after five loyal years :1 . Random House gives no synonyms nor anonyms -- which the AHD has them convenient at one 's disposal via a split window , that is , if one chooses to have the window split in such way . The lack of thesaurus is quite fatal .2 . Random House gives no word origins -- while the AHD presents them in profusive details . One can not regard a dictionary without etymology a serious reference . In fact , I myself quite rely on knowledge of history of words to remember word meanings and to use them in the suitable contexts .3 . Random House gives frugal usage examples -- whereas the AHD holds many more though I should like to see even more ; the special usage notes frequently found in the AHD are so extemely helpful if one wishes to learn the subtlest shades of meanings between words and so to use them in the most proper manner.In the end , the interface and features of Random house did not strike me as 2000 -LRB- thus indicated the copyright on the package -RRB- -- it did not set itself much ahead of the AHD , if it was indeed being somewhat advanced at all -LRB- I care to name two
 This is the worst garbage software I have ever used period and I am an engr and computer expert . If you are using w9x you will have to call them to get it installed . This starts your free 30 day free phone support . This is just the start of your problems . Wait until you try to add files to record and the whole program folds on you and locks your machined up . Not only on this computer but several other computers of mine it acts exactly the same way ... This is truely garbage software . If you buy it . . have fun ... lol ... . Do n't say you were n't warned !
 Almost false advertising . Perhaps the other two items are `` 2003 '' editions , but the atlas itself is circa 1997 . I wanted something up-to-date and got the stone age .
 Disappointed in the lack of detail and very small scales of foreign country maps .
 I found the user interface to be nonintuitive and very clumsy to use . Very little detail . Would not zoom close enough to be usefull . I threw my copy in the trash .
 This software is not what I expected at all . It comes with three CD-ROM 's that date back to 1997 . The atlas it has is literaly just maps , which are extremely hard to navigate . It includes an Earth CD that is all old , which does n't have too many things on it . It 's `` 3-D '' CD is all really old and outdated . If you want a real atlas buy something else , maybe something newer . Do n't buy it , and if you do you 'll regret it . Honestly , it 's just a waste of money .
 My wife thought it would be a nifty way to lay-out furniture for a new house but it turned into hours of frustration . It 's cumbersome , quirky and not well documented . It comes with a number of sample designs that look quite good which made it all the more more frustrating.At 62 years , I do n't figure to live long enough to learn to use it effectivly , especially when you have to tease out many operations by trial & error . We did n't expect too much for $ 29 and I guess got what we paid for .
 For a start you get error messages in GermanThis is possibly the worst piece of software I have ever bought ! give you a clue you set in the size of your apartment then add a room which is then larger than the whole floorplan do n't be fooled by the headlines it 's 100 % useless oh sorry it has one use ... . raising your blood pressurergdsseasoned software user
 I think this would have been a great software product but everything refers to the website which has been shutdown . As a reference tool I guess its fine but if you are homeschooling an 8th grader like I am it is of no use without the website . I wish Amazon had not had it up for sale so I would not have wasted my money . Amazon really dropped the ball on this one and I will think twice about buying educational software from them now .
 The product was pretty good for correcting pictures . However , the Album feature did not work properly . I tried it on two different computers to make sure that it was n't a conflict of some sort . On one computer , the Album feature did not work at all . On the other the slide show function did not work . I had a feeling that I should have gone with an Adobe product to begin with , I was correct .
 Beware , Do n't buy this product called '' professional website promoter '' . I just bought this software and had it installed , it asks me for a registration # . You can not use this software without buying a license which is around $ 300.00 . Also the programs in the software cost money to use . Nowhere on the box it says that you need to purchase a license in order to use this product . Its all hidden in the license agreement , but you would never know it unless you opened the package and tried to install it . These people are real scumbags and they havent heard the last of me .
 While I like the CD format and am impressed with its interactive features , I was mainly disappointed by this product . The vocabulary is quite limited , and also not very culturally appropriate . For example , I do n't see myself going to Calcutta and asking where I can buy pizza , a hamburger , and a beer . Also it would be more useful to know how to say sari , blouse , and bindi , than shorts and tee-shirt . The lessons were also too focused on nouns and very few verbs -LRB- if any ? -RRB- were taught . I did like the feature that allows you to record and compare your pronunciation , and the spellings were shown in Bengali script , which is good for those trying to develop their reading skills . Definitely need to supplement this product with other books .
 Unfortunately , this product does a very poor job of teaching Bengali.Many Indian languages use a great deal of English borrow words , and this CDROM does a great job of covering them . According to `` TalkNow , '' the Bengali word for `` hospital '' is `` hospital '' and the word for `` saucepan '' is `` saucepan . '' While it is true that English borrow words are used in everyday speech in Bengal , there certainly are a whole lot of other words too . This CDROM will not help you with those . What -LRB- disproportionately few -RRB- Bengali words are mentioned are accompanied by Bengali script with no transliteration and no accompanying lessons on the Bengali Aphabet.In short , buy this product if you 're looking for a good laugh , or if you would like to learn how to speak English with a Bengali accent . However , if you would like to learn actual Bengali words and phrases , I would suggest you buy Teach Yourself Bengali Complete Course by William Radice ; or take a class . -LRB- The University of Wisconsin , Madison , has Bengali summer programs -RRB- Good luck !
 Eurotalk apparently uses the same vocabulary lists and activities for its entire foreign language series . This Amharic CD-Rom teaches you such essential words as `` teddy bear '' and `` raspberry '' , neither of which are terribly common in Ethiopia , while neglecting `` injeera '' and `` chick peas '' & c. ; Also , the vocab word comes up in Ge'ez script , but no transliteration is made avaliable . In fact , there are no script lessons at all on this CD-Rom . Also for the vocabulary , two humans , resembling the most obnoxious of ESL teachers , on the screen act as if they are saying the words , but simply mouth some random muted utterance . It is annoying and distracting -LRB- imagine the word `` strawberry '' articulated while a man mouths `` car '' while moving around herky-jerky style and uncontrolably blinking -RRB- . Better to spend the extra money on the Appleyard CD/Book combo . Please believe me .
 After the glowing review I decided to try this product out . After only 3 hours this disc was useless to me . There is very little information on here let alone useful information . In no time one can complete the entire program . There are n't any pronouns included which I expected would have minimally been there . The disc also ca n't be run off of the hard drive so one has to wait for the program to load every few seconds while listening to the life of ones cd drive wear away . A great idea that has fallen horribly short . A simple phrase book would have been more beneficial .
 I have begun to learn Czech starting with a Pimsluer CD program -LRB- which I highly reccomend -RRB- . I bought this because I wanted a program where I could hear pronunciation while also seeing the words and hopefully improving my vocabualary.The program is divided up into different lessons such a colors , numbers , phrases , shopping , telling time , and food . Each lesson basically has a vocabulary list and then two short games in which you listen to a czech word and then pick out the right picture for it . Only one lesson has phrases in it and they are only the most basic and not something that I see of being enough to be of real help . Also , the lesson is just phrases , no real learning of more of the language or dealing in certain situations.I feel very dissapointed in this product and feel like the software was put together very quickly and just meant to make some money rather than being a program that is meant to help you learn.If you can find a very cheap copy it might be nice to have to learn some vocab words , but it is definitely not worth it for full price and will not help you to learn the language .
 If you 're interested in actually LEARNING Farsi -LRB- Persian -RRB- , this software program is NOT the resource to turn to . While Eurotalk deserves five stars for their incredibly user-friendly lesson interface , this program consists of nothing more than quick snippet lines for business travellers who need enough to survive 2-3 days on an overseas trip -LRB- i.e. `` Where is the hotel ? '' `` Can you direct me to a phone ? '' etc. etc -RRB- . The only redeeming feature of this program is that a user can actually hear Farsi being spoken -LRB- and thus get an idea as to lingual sounds -RRB- . See ya ...
 If you are only interested in learning a few words , then this is for you . was hoping i could load it on to the computer but you need the disk to use this . While travling it hampers use because you use your disk drive which wears on the battery . You must carry aroud another Disk .
 I never received the product . The shipping date was pushed back beyond the date of my trip and I really did not see a need for this after I returned from the Netherlands . I am not sure why I was asked to review an order I cancelled but , that 's what happens when your customer service is run by robots with cute names like Tina L , Gerry M , Adolf H , etc. .
 Noh ... tere!Although this is from a series called `` Talk Now ! '' and it 's entitled `` Learn Estonian '' ... it hardly comes close to doing any of that . It only allows you to learn some words , and reinforces them through little games . However , if you wanted to say anything more than a simple phrase or word , this does n't help you . This would be good for someone who might be visiting Tallinn and wants to impress the natives with a few words in Estonian . But if one seriously wants to learn about this language , even the Colloquial Estonian course is better , coming with tapes that have full sentences and teach some grammar . -LRB- although this program has its own weaknesses , too -RRB- . Even though there is no audio program , the texts from Indiana University 's curriculum seems to be the best ... if you can get them!Tsau
 Not as good as the old Red Shift software from 1995 . This product is cumbersome , not even a little intuitive , and lacks on screen pop-up windows to identify functions of icons . There is a lot of fluff included , but precious little substance . When I emailed the company complaining of the fact that menu items in my edition were non-functional or non-existent I received a luke warm response stating roughly ... `` too bad '' . The one and only nice touch is it 's ability to track and present major satelites ... the rest of the graphics are marginal and clutter the screen .
 Talk Now Hindi suffers from the flaw which affects most language software . The manufacturer uses an identical engine for all of their languages , so there is nothing in the program which would be unique to the Hindi language , and nothing culturally Indian . This also creates the amusing situation of having animated Europeans testing your Hindi -LRB- the blonde woman may be cute , but not the type of person you are likely to meet in an Indian bazaar ! -RRB- There are several good features of the program : - Words and phrases are spoken by a male and a femal voice.-You can choose from dozens of languages for the help language.-Some of the games are actually quite fun -LRB- such as creating the Frankenstein monster while learning the parts of the body -RRB- . But the problems with the program are many : - Sound is a bit muddy-You can complete everything in about three hours of work.-Symbols , pictures , hosts , etc. are all European.-Because the software engine is generic , you learn a lot of words you would never use in India , or words for which Hindi speakers use the English word . For example , you learn that the Hindi word for `` tie '' is `` tie '' and `` jacket '' is `` jacket '' . Even worse , `` Mug '' is `` mug '' and `` bread '' is `` bread '' even though there are commonly used Hindi equivalents for these
 I bought this CD ROM because my boyfriend speaks hindi , and I wanted to learn to converse with him in his native language . I studied and practiced only to have him look at me and say `` What ? '' . The words are not accurate , they only provide the hindi spelling , not the english spelling , so learning the words and their pronunciation is VERY difficult . He laughed out loud when he checked it out . Do n't waste your time and money !
 Set up in a gameshow format , the topics include phrases , first words , food , colors , countries -LRB- who cares for that ? -RRB- , body parts , time , numbers , and shopping.Each section has an introduction to pronounciation in male and female voices . A dictionary showing the object and phrase in Devanagari and english -LRB- useless unless you know Devanagari -RRB- is available . Two levels of testing
 Do n't bother with this software . It contains a maximum of 300 words , no grammer , and a badly designed interface .
 They consider their customers to be software pirates . So , you can not run their program from your hard drive . I really do n't like being considered a criminal . Let your kid put a scratch on you cd and you have no backup because they made this so you can not back it up . Very , very , very poor customer relations . Avoid , Avoid , Avoid . BTW , the one star should be negative 1000 stars .
 I 'm sorry to say that I purchased this product with the hopes of learning some basic Icelandic , but I can now say that I 've learned more Icelandic from my trips there , than from this CD-ROM . Upon putting the disk in my drive -LRB- I have an up-to-date PC with all the programs required for effectively running the program -RRB- , but alas , nothing happened . Upon further exploration into the contents of the CD-ROM , I found no program on the CD at all ! After taking the disk out of my drive and inspecting it , I found that it had been printed on a CD-R . The booklet and case appeared as if they had been created on someone 's home computer which was running severely low on color ink - totally cheap and unprofessional . I 've emailed the company and am awaiting response , and needless to say , I will be asking for a full refund . Save your money , and wait until RosettaStone comes out with a useful product on the Icelandic language . Takk for nothing .
 I was very disappointed with this program . But I was also thinking it would be more comprehensive and include more than just basic words and phrases . Even so , the male and female guides in the program often pronounce the words slightly different which can be frustrating . I learned more Icelandic -LRB- along with correct pronounciations -RRB- while in Iceland than I did with this program . And besides , anyone under the age of 50 in Iceland speaks English .
 ... to be useful . Learn colors , time , food , and numbers , but you wo n't learn how to pronounce anything on your own or put a sentence together , let alone learn any meaning of the words in the few sentences they offer to teach . If memory serves you well , you can parrot the few sentences , but overall you 'd be better off taking a bunch of pictures of the same items and pointing and grunting when it comes time to communicate . Also , quite a few of the words they want to teach you are english derivatives , like auto , bus , telephone , cola , etc. . Save your money , find another resource . This is more game software than educational .
 It wo n't function with Vista . They even admit it . I will tell you that you do n't have a driver installed .
 1 . This is a very basic intro to the language , along elementary school lines .2 . The grouping of topics is a nice feature .3 . However , very clearly you will need an alternative resource for getting even basic concepts and phrases .4 . Given the above limitations , certain topics , like telling time , are nice via the use of repetition .5 . Most people looking for a crash course would be better suited to use an elementary text -LRB- online or book -RRB- , `` in flight '' series for listening to and practising phrases for common situations , and a spoken dictionary -LRB- online like the Stazi version -RRB- . After you get basic phrases/pronunciations , then use a phrase book , like lonely planet , to practice expanding practical conversation/language skills .
 I bought this to learn Igbo along with my son , but I could n't get it to work right . It had some glitches in the program and was a waste of time and money . I wanted a voice recording of how to sound out the words and vowel sounds . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! Nobody to contact rearding the issue . I do n't think I will order from outside my country again . I will stick to reading the book instead .
 Nisus has nice software , but they will not support you . Avoid this stuff !! I wrote them about 10 times after my Nisus crashed , and they just blow you off with short e-mails . Terrible support . Avoid at all costs !!
 Malayalam learning material is scarce , but you should not settle for ` semiproducts ' like this one.First of all1 . lexical choice is not satisfactory , many times : a -RRB- they used an obsolete word -LRB- like durabhashini instead of fon which is used nowadays -RRB- , or that obsolete word for a taxi , taxi is said
 There are very few resources available for learning Malayalam . That said , this CD-ROM does not fill this gap very well , particularly if you 're an English speaker . I was hoping the CD-ROM would at least spell words phonetically using the English alphabet . Even the 30-year-old book `` Learn Malayalam in 30 Days '' , the only other source I 've found for learning Malayalam , at least offers phonetic spellings in English for those of us unfamiliar with Malayalam 's alphabet . The lack of English phonetic spellings is particularly problematic because the CD-ROM does not teach the Malayalam alphabet anyway ! All you get is a quick sound-byte of the phrase being pronounced by a male and female , along with the word or phrase written in Malayalam on the screen . The phrases are spoken so quickly that it 's difficult to differentiate sounds . Very frustrating!If you 're desperate to learn Malayalam and ca n't afford a trip to Kerala , this may be your best shot -LRB- provided you also have the aforementioned book as a companion -RRB- , given that there 's not much else available . That said , this English speaker still did n't find it to be very helpful .
 This software can get you started in Marathi language . But it is not if you want to study this language . I bought hoping to teach my son Marathi language . This software was not good enough because it only taught conversational Marathi .
 After you install and start this application , it will literally shout at you and require you to click on various buttons -LRB- such as ' ? ' , only to learn that this provides help -RRB- , as if you have never used a Windows application before . That having been said , it could certainly do more to conform to Windows standards.The linguistic content is very primitive and of arguable value . You just learn words , which in itself can be useful . However , the choice of words is very questionable - I could think of many more useful words than ` raspberry ' . The overall presentation , largely based on animations and games , is more suited for toddlers than for adult learners . Every time you give a correct answer , you will get the same complimentary spoken comment like ' ... YES ! ' . On a graphic design note , I do not think it is very useful to have a blonde Caucasian woman teach you a language like Malay - she is unlikely to be a native speaker .
 Even though it claims to run on Mac it only runs on the older Power PC Macs , it will NOT run on Intel based Mac and there is no patch forthcoming from the program writers and no response to tech support inquiries on their website.That having been said it runs semi fine under Windows XP but the application itself is not particularly good at its stated goal of teaching you Malay.I would n't waste my time with this , I know its hard to find material to learn Bahasa but this was a waste of money .
 We bought Tonka Search & Rescue , Tonka Construction , and Tonka Garage and were very dissapointed in all three . The graphics quality is good and the activities are interesting BUT the problem is you must be SO precise with your mouse movements to control the trucks that you become very frustrated ! My 5 year old and my 7 year old have gotten so irritated that they refuse to play them anymore . I have even tried - only to give up in disgust . My sister owns Tonka Construction and agrees . Too bad - they would be good games if not for this .
 Tonka has a great idea for kid 's software , problem is it is very difficult to line up the vehicles . The cursor jumps the vehicle so you need to go back and forth several times to line up correctly . My three year old does n't know there is a fault in the software so he blames himself for not being able to do it . I highly recommend Dinosaur 3-D and any of the Disney Activity Centers .
 I bought this for my young son . Unfortunately I could not run the software on my iMac . My iMac is not old , only a year old or so . I was so frustrated that I just threw it in my donation pile . I wasted my money ! If you are going to buy software , go to a real store so you can easily return it.I left negative feedback to the seller and I got a generic response and NO offer of a refund . Lesson learned!Unhappy customer in Honolulu , Hawaii !
 I tried to load this thing on four computers and could not get it to work on any one of them.The tech support is a robot that is just about worthless.I hope its just my disk . All the contact info is Europ .
 `` Ano '' -LRB- yes -RRB- - for under $ 20 you can learn to parrot some very basic Slovak - excellent for pronunciation practice !! -LRB- besides , the world 's only Slovak CD ?!? -RRB- I recommend this product so long as you know what to expect.BUT `` Learn Slovak '' ? No way ! There is no danger of learning too much from this CD - it covers simple vocab , about 30 phrases and comes with no supplemental written materials . Also , do not expect to learn anything about the language itself - i.e. no noun genders , syntax , declensions , etc. . . Technical irritation
 Game was not as expected . have seen a much better version elsewhere . Shipping was adequate but game would not stay on and kept causing error screens during half hour time used . Can not use
 Received the game and it will not install since the computer is 64 bit . Tried to use control panel to adjust settings for earlier windows versions to no avail . Unfortunately Hasbro sold the games to Infogames which then turned into Atari who then sold back the rights to Hasbro . Hasbro no longer has any support for the games.Don ' t waste your money .
 It seems that Motu will not upgrade Ethno Instrument 1 to be compatible with Snow Leopard . The only option is a 180 dollar upgrade . I do n't own a single other plugin that was universal binary that does n't work in SL -LRB- Pro Tools 7.4 came out three years ago and STILL supports Snow Leopard ! -RRB- ... this is just plain poor customer support .
 I just bought a new Mac loaded with Snow Leopard -LRB- Mac OS X 10.6.5 -RRB- , and I found that the Ethno 1 software would not work at all . I went to the MOTU website and after searching a bit I found an article saying that Ethno 1 support for Snow Leopard would be coming soon , and directs you to another page that does not mention Ethno 1 support at all . After calling MOTU , tech support just plainly stated that Ethno 1 was not supported for Snow Leopard and that I had to upgrade to MOTU 2 if I wanted to continue using the product . I asked to be transferred to a supervisor , and I was told that there was nothing they could do for me -LRB- although they pointed me to a free plugin that apparently can read the sound files , however , this information was nowhere on their site , for which the person I spoke with made no apologies -RRB- . To make a long story short , their website is misleading and their customer service policy callous . If I do n't pay $ 179 as of this writing , my software in it 's original form -LRB- i.e. full functionality -RRB- is useless , and there are no other alternatives or accommodations available to existing customers . In my opinion this is abysmal customer service and shows little respect for their users . I own several software products from Ableton and Native Instruments and their customer service has always been excellent , showing the value they give their customers . I know I wo n't be buying any more MOTU products again unless they improve their service policies , which is a shame because Ethno is actually quite good .
 My son has more fun playing the games that are free on Sesame Street , Noggin , & Nick Jr. websites . This does not keep his attention ... very poorly made .
 I personally did n't like this CD . Is n't was n't very user friendly . Also the number of new vocabulary words are very limited .
 The product is good . But the price is outrageous . The regular Spanish course with 5 CDs from the same company is in the retail store about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This one SINGLE CD Amazon charges $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I expected to receive again 4 - 5 CDs , especially for the price being more than tripple . That is criminal ! I am sure there is no plausible explination for it . So far I found maybe 3 or 4 words which are different from the regular Spanish .
 I had read and heard that ACT had terrible customer service . But I did not believe it could be as bad as it was . I had an installation problem . I placed several calls , was on hold for 20-30 minutes at a time , was passed around to several different people , and was told I would get a return call within the day which I never got . Often , after waiting on hold - once for 40 minutes - the call was dropped and I had to call back in , go through the menu BS and wait on hold again , only to be dropped again . It took me 2 days and a total of 7 hours on the phone to get a simple problem resolved . I never want to deal with these people again .
 Not worth your money . It has a very limited set of lesson . I doubt if this will improve your kid 's vocabulary.I ` ts far better to buy flash cards .
 If you plan on using this to create your own DVD 's , be aware there are limitations . Menu titles are truncated , MPG encoding is minimal . I was a Roxio fan until I purchased this version . The free software that came with my DVD burner works better .
 Do n't bother with this product . Roxio continues to have stability issues with this product . For a solid CD/DVD burning program , check out Nero .
 I installed this program because the other program I was using was crashing my xp when I tried to print CD case labels . Bad mistake ! It definitely negatively affects computer performance , and the drag and drop desktop pop-up is just about impossible to get rid of . The interface sucks as well . Although Roxio 6 did not totally destroy my computer when I installed it , and I was able to uninstall it , it is still a horrible program that creates CD-R 's that only it can read . I 've gone back to NTI CD Maker , the program that came pre-installed on my computer , and I 'll use MS-PUB for the CD case labels . Avoid this product at any price .
 First of all , the only reason this even gets one star is because Direct CD and the main disc burning utility work fairly reliably - but these apps are NOT why people usually go for the upgrade . I find it hard to give a good rating based on basically the same applications as 5.0 . If you have 5.x and only use these apps mainly , do not watse your money on 6.0 , or at least go with something like Nero.Now , if you are looking for software to author DVDs - which alot of people are -LRB- hence the change in name from Easy CD to Easy CD DVD -RRB- - DO NOT buy this product . The DVD Builder is one of the most flawed applications , and crashes without fail at least 75 % of the time . It main problmes are 1 -RRB- poor user interface -LRB- i.e. too few commands and customability -RRB- ; and most importantly 2 -RRB- not being able to remain stable while importing various types of media . I have found the DVD builder only really works well if you encode and set up the media files in some separate app , so basically the DVD builder has little to do - but if you are going through the trouble of doing all this , what is the point.To sum it up , I have tried every configuration - but DVD builder still remains unreliable and unstable - and yes , I have tried uninstalling Nero and related apps - and yes my comp has the processor and RAM power to push it ; in other words , I 'm certain this is the app , not my comp . Go to Roxio 's Web site and look at their message boards and forums ; you 'll see page after page of similar complaints . So , if you are only burning CDs , sure , this prgram is okay - but why spend extra money when you can get 5.0 . If you author DVDs , you 'll be better off with pretty much any other program you can find .
 I have used roxio 's toast program in my college classes . This product is pitiful in compairson . I burned my first CD-R on it and took it to a friends house to view the stuff on it . Upon putting it into the CD drive it autoinstalled somehting called the roxio viewer on the system.This viewer is frequentely the cause of problems -LRB- as I subsequentely found out -RRB- . It rewrote something in the BIOS and is causing problems with the whole system . In addition it rewrote part of the CD-Driver ... adn now it will not work at all . The only possible fix is to re-install teh drivers from my operation system disk ... which is impossible with out a working CD Drive . And this may not even fix the problem ...
 I have to agree with the review written by frashii on 02/12/2003 , once I went to Win XP I had nothing but problems with the OS . I experienced crash after crash , then finally one morning I too could not boot my system past the bios . I had to reinstall XP with a new format and clean install . I chose not to try it anymore and I have had no problems with XP since . I like the features but it just does n't give you any peace of mind . I moving on .
 This is probably the most user-unfriendly software I 've ever bought when it comes to creating music CDs . Everytime I needed to burn a music CD I had to go to the tutorial for the various steps . Version 5 was great compared to 6 . The only problems with 5 is that it ca n't be used with Windows XP and you have to download a patch to fix the problems with it.I had no problem like others with installing 6 . However some months after I did install it I started having problems with the `` drag and drop '' software . This is software that can be used to `` drag and drop '' any file -LRB- music or non-music -RRB- to burn a CD . It turned out to be a nightmare . CDs were not able to be finalized . When you install the drag and drop software it simply takes over for the CD burning method of Windows XP -LRB- which is far , far superior -RRB- . I uninstalled the software and simply did a custom install by just installing the photosuite -LRB- the only useful thing in Creator 6 -RRB- .
 I have to agree , I am very disappointed with the software and services ... do n't like the idea of talking to a computer or calling long distance . My biggest problem is losing all audio files when video is copied to DVD . I paid 100 for a DVD of an occasion and when I went to copy with this software , I lost all the original audio tracks on the tape :--LRB- ... mine was also buddled with Plextor DVD-burner . I have to think twice before I buy another of these products as I now am shopping for something better to replace this software ... I also have Pinnicle and with the rendering and failing to copy over to the DVD , it 's just about as bad ... customer service is better though .
 cd creator is great for creating your own mixes , as well as for some fairly sophisticated editing of WAV files . be forewarned , however , that this software can cause serious computer crashes . as you read users ' reviews of various roxio cd creator versions you will notice lots of people complaining about profound , major system malfunctions which they have experienced -LRB- this reviewer included -RRB- . so , be sure to establish a restore point prior to installing.i only use the audio component of this software and use it intensively . version 5 was somewhat intuitive . version 6 is a mess ! after struggling with this software for a few weeks , i reinstalled version 5 . that said , the software packs a lot of bang for the buck , but do n't expect it to be easy by any stretch of the imagination .
 This software is technically complicated . Roxio technical support is one of the worst , if not the worst , I have encountered.One part of the suite of programs invariably causes other programs in the suite to fail . This is the same company that included `` Take Two '' with Easy Creator 5 . This was a program that allowed you to back up your system to CD 's . After about a year , they announced -LRB- very discretely ! -RRB- that the program could cause problems with various operating systems and that it should be uninstalled immediately . There was no offer to compensate those that paid for this software . Even after that debacle , the tech support has not improved . If you want to talk by phone , for most it is your long distance call , and the wait time is long . In some cases you may end up paying more for the long distance call than you paid for the software . Bad news ! Try Nero 5.5 , PictureIt , and RealOne Player . a much better combination .
 This history of this product has been one frought with driver problems and compatibility problems . My first CD burner was a 4x and it came with Adaptec ECD Creator way back in the day . That version was impossible to get working on a Windows 98 machine . I wo n't even begin to try to describe the hell of trying to get this program to work -LRB- I should say ` these programs ' since it 's not even one program but rather a compilation of bad programs from various 3rd party sources that Roxio bundles up with their own poor product -RRB- on a machine running Windows 2000 and a Plextor burner . Every iteration of this software is wracked with problems . Every time a new version comes out there are scores of bad reviews with people who can not get the software to work . Sure , for every piece of software there are always a FEW people who write negative reviews because they do n't realize their problem is with their existing setup , not the software they are installing . But it is no coincidence that for each new version there are scores of reviewers with problems they can not seem to resolve.How sad is it when you can burn your MP3 's to CD using Windows Media Player -LRB- ! -RRB- with greater reliability and ease then with a program that you actually have to pay extra for?Windows XP has been around for plenty long enough . The drivers for XP and 2000 should be just about the same . I had lots of problems with Win2K running things like ATI high-performance video card , creative soundblaster platinum , and ECD Creator . I understood the problems because Win 2000 was not yet meant to be a consumer product and none of these companies payed serious attention to getting flawless drivers out for it . But now it has been YEARS since Microsoft abandoned the DOS-based OS 's in favor of NT based WinXP . ATI has finally gotten their XP drivers up to par . Creative has done the same . Roxio is so far behind the pack , and keeps putting out this sub-standard suite of seldom-functional garbage . I recommend people switch to Nero and do not buy this . Maybe that will finally give Roxio a reason to put out a product that works RELIABLY for once .
 All Roxio products I 've used on several different operating systems have always had one problem or another . I found their support staff to be worthless and returned my last Roxio Product vowing to never buy anything they made again . I know others rave about Roxio but I think as with all products there is always a certain percentage of dedicated enthusiasts that will support the product regardless of problems . System lock-ups might be expected on slower cpu 's with little memory but I 've had some powerhouses freeze up with Roxio .
 unfortunately this product is still very buggy . Version 5 works just fine . I would stick with v5 if you have it.wait until they release a service pack .
 Like so many burners these days , roxio has joined the ranks of useless programs . I myself have always tried to make a copy of my games so I can keep the originals in mint condition . I do this for two reasons
 I got Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 bundled with a DVD + / - RW drive . Needless to say , I was eager to get burning . I 've used Roxio Easy CD Creator 5 for 1.5 years and have been very happy . But , that 's neither here nor there . I 'll cut to the chase.After installing , I found that all of my hard drives and partitions had been assigned new drive letters , seemingly at random . Furthermore , in Disk Management , most partitions did n't show a letter and those that did show a letter , appeared twice in Windows Explorer . Windows was notifying me that \ System Volume Information \ tracking.log was corrupt and that I needed to run chkdsk . To make matters worse , Windows no longer identified my system boot drive with the '' -LRB- System -RRB- '' designation , meaning I could delete the partition if I wanted!Uninstalling did not resolve this , so I backed up all my data to an external disk . I then performed a fresh install of Windows XP . I then installed Service Pack 1 and all critical updates . I also installed DirectX 9.0 b and Windows Media Player 9 . After that , I installed Office XP , followed by Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 . I rebooted , and found the exact same problem . Clearly there is some serious problem with this software . I 'm going back to version 5 . For kicks , since I knew I 'd need to reinstall XP again , I tried to delete the system partition . It let me.A bug this serious should 've been caught before beta testing .
 I lost my entire Windows XP installation because upon reboot after installing this I could not get past the ` Welcome ' screen.I followed all the instructions posted at the Roxio website , and none of them fixed the problem.Luckly , I was able to remove the laptop hard drive and mount it in another PC running XP and get the data off it , but I never did get it to boot until I reinstalled . -LRB- The Windows XP ` R'epair process could n't even reboot the machine at the proper point and continue ... -RRB- My suggestion is to find another product , NOT one by Roxio . EZ-CD Creator 4 was an excellent product ... 5 and 6 have been nothing but problems from almost everyone I have heard install them . -LRB- System instabilities , etc -RRB- You have been warned .
 Just to add my own experience to those of other recent reviews ... I installed v. 6 on Win XP home edition and upon reboot , the system was completely unuseable!I am a programmer by profession and a hardware enthusiasist with experience building systems from the ground up . It took me three days to recover the system ... just my 2 cents worth , but I thought you should be aware .
 Roxio released this version before it was ready!The package is rich in advertised features , and supposedly XP compatable . My experience was less than good , to be polite.Roxio abandoned the reliable OEM v4 Easy CD Creator that came with my PIII Dell Dimension . When I upgraded the operating system from WinMe to WinXP Home , I invested $ -LRB- no upgrade breaks for current users -RRB- with Easy CD Creator v6 . Well , I soon discovered that the software seems to have a known incompatability with the NEC CD-RW that comes with most Dells of the era -LRB- and many others ? -RRB- After many crashes , calls to Dell and Roxio -LRB- more on that below -RRB- I checked into the discussion boards . The Roxio discussion boards are full of howling customers with serious problems . I urge potential buyers to check them out BEFORE YOU BUY.After pulling my hair out -LRB- what little is left of it -RRB- I called Roxio , which does not have a toll-free support line , and was placed on hold for over 2 hours before I had to abandon the call . The software now costs another $ + in toll charges.The poor moderator of the discussion boards admitted the fix was in the works , but no idea when it might come.Problems
 Well , my trials with Easy CD/DVD 6 started with consistent lockups while loading on my Windows 2000 machines . A reboot would fix it , yet sometimes it would persist . Roxio had no solutions for this and claimed it must have been another program running at the same time.Once I could get it running I attempted to burn a few DVDs , strangely enough it showed some DVD-RW disks as 1x and some as 2x off the same spindle . -LRB- Not very promising -RRB- . Beyond that It continuously coughed up Buffer Underrun errors , when previous software had never given me error -LRB- I 'm using a DRU-500 drive -RRB- . The Underruns literally `` wasted '' the RW disks I was using , I 'm hoping another program will be able to recover them , Easy CD shows `` disk unusable '' . And I am lead to believe it * IS * software related since it 's happened now with 3 different media brands.Testing on my second PC running Windows 98 with the same Firewire DRU-500 drive produced the same results -LRB- tho the software did load properly -RRB- . All in all I recommend a strong `` do not buy '' rating to Roxios newest product .
 In short , the software does not install correctly and has also killed my DVD/CD Rom Drive.I am running XP on a Dell Dimension 8100 . After installation , Norton Utilities shows that there are Registry items that reference missing Applications , DLLs , and other files types . My CD-RW Drive works fine , but my _ NEC DV-5800A DVD \ CD ROM drive can not read any CD or DVD . The ROM drive will Spin occasionally and freeze any open drive windows until the disk is removed . Uninstalling Roxio returns the drive to normal.I can see from Roxio 's Chat site that this is a common problem with this drive , but so far no fix has been offered . I have Emailed their support , but have only received an acknowledgement of the support request.The registry problems , the Drive problems and the poor support would indicate that this software is not ready for market .
 I am a HUGE fan of Easy CD Creator 5 ... that software has been with me through thick and thin , and I have created hundreds , maybe thousands of CDs with it . So I was most excited to hear that version 6 was coming , especially as I just got a new DVD burner.What a mistake . I basically spent an entire weekend booting and rebooting my computer over and over and over again trying to get the darn thing to work . I finally got some tech support from Roxio , providing detailed instructions how to fix it ... to no avail . Absolutely nothing worked . I said `` to heck with it '' and took the product back to the store and demanded my money back ; which I got with no questions asked . How strange is that with software ? Do they know something we do n't ? And now , just today , my wife installed a new copy of 6.0 on her laptop -LRB- came free with another DVD burner that we just got -RRB- , and guess what ? THE SAME PROBLEMS . The EXACT same problems.If you 're running XP , avoid this product like the plague and get 5.0 instead ... it is a FAR superior product , at least until they work out the bugs on this one . But it 's too late for this customer ... sorry Roxio ! You just lost a fan .
 Do you know if u ever need to get support , or to download a patch for your paid Roxio software , registration IS required from their website ?! Yes everytime you need an software update/patch , you need to login with password . Registration needs an valid email address and your ROXIO software key . Thanks to this COMPULSORY registration I need to keep record for one more login/password combination . And Pray that you do n't loose your cd key.BTW if your cdburner came with a bundle Roxio Easy creator , forget any update / support from roxio since you dont get a cd key . Somehow this is one evil way ROXIO try to get your business . if one day you upgrade your operating system and need to update for the bundle roxio software , you have to BUY the retail version Easy Creator .
 This is up there with the legendary WinFax V9 as one of the worst software products ever made . The main problem
 I received the free version of Easy CD & DVD creator that came with my PC and it caused nothing but problems . After installing it and testing out the features I used the add remove programs to remove everything except the basic burning software . After rebooting I got an INACCESSIBLE_BOOT_DEVICE error . A google search using the error code showed that other users had the same problem with older versions of this software I am using version 6.1.1.7 . Using the repair console and the online documentation I was able to fix the problem and get back into my system . Now when I reboot I get a DRIVER POWER STATE FAILURE BSOD and the system runs check disk next time it boots . Again Roxio easy CD creator caused the problem . They have a patch for this but they seem to be keeping it a secret . -LRB- http://softwareupdates.roxio.com/gm/support/tools/PowerStateFail.exe -RRB- . My biggest complaint is that none of this information is on their tech support web site . I found it using google.Maybe they should have a www.easycdcreatorsucks.com to let everyone know how bad this software is . They have one for Compaq -LRB- www.compaqsucks.com -RRB- .
 Upgraded from Creator 5 to Creator 6 recently . I am using a Dell computer with a pentium 4 3gig processor with 512 meg memory and XP pro . This is not a special computer that should require extra code to make software work on the unit . Well guess again . The first thing that appeared on my screen was a notification that Version 6.1 was available . After three hours of downloads , I had version 6.1 . After many hours of loading and unloading these two packages , I still can not write to a CD RW . For some unknown reason the format finalizes the disk so no space is available . Other functions worked equally poorly . I am now using Creator 5 again and it works pretty well . I am sending Creator 6 back for a refund . Do n't buy it unless you are ready for many hours of tech -LRB- no knowledge -RRB- talk and hours of downloads -LRB- not better software , just more of it -RRB- .
 The best thing about this product is that I got it via eBAY for $ 15.00 . I know now why it was so cheap . The module that I was really interested in , DVD creator , is a total disaster . It is hard to use , confusing , and does not produce repeatable results . Forget about getting help from Roxio . I tried using the email route . About 3 days after submitting a question , you get some form-letter jibberish back , unrelated to the question . I refuse to pay for long distance . I also refuse to buy any more Roxio products , at any price .
 After reading the reviews , it is easy to see that I 'm NOT the only one having all sorts of problems . Roxio `` Easy '' -LRB- LOL -RRB- CD/DVD Creator came bundled with my new TDK DVD burner . It has got to be the sorriest software I 've ever attempted to install , with the exception of some freeware . It exposed hidden partitions , only partially installed , and I 'm seeing the dreaded BSOD , telling me that there is a software or hardware conflict . Version 5 came with my computer , so I had to go back to using it . Also , ever since I TRIED to install version 6 , ACDSee tries to act as Windows Explorer . I would advise any and everyone who is even thinking about purschasing this software NOT to . It 's looking like I 'm going to have to wipe my HD and start all over .
 I 'm both relieved and bummed to find so many others have experienced the same catastrophe I did in installing this product . It came bundled with a DVD burner from one of THE top names in the industry , and it shuffled my folders across my partitioned hard drive like a drunken poker player . Windows even lost all sight of a 60gig external hard drive -- it would dutifully `` beep '' in hardware recognition when I unplugged and replugged the drive into its firewire port , but the drive itself might as well have been in the Phantom Zone . Until Roxio makes clear -- In . No . Uncertain . Terms . -- that this issue has been fixed , I would not recommend the product to anyone but my boss at work .
 Everytime I used the product to make a cd -LRB- data cd or music -RRB- it would lock up my computer to the point I had to physically power it off . Roxios ' support people told me to remove everything from my start up list . I do n't want to be doing that everytime I want to use the stupid program ... I finally gave up and deleted -LRB- uninstalled -RRB- the program , only to find out by doing that it deleted part of my Photo Suite program as well . Stay far away from this bomb ...
 I was very disappointed in this software . After carefully following the instructions I could n't get it to work properly . My computer `` froze up '' many times . I emailed Roxio tech support -LRB- one of the benefits advertised -RRB- and did not receive a reponse . Eventually , I became so frustrated I removed the software and sent it back to Amazon . I have a much earlier version of Easy CD writer and it works just fine .
 I have been using Easy CD Creator 5 Platinum successfully for quite some time . I tend to go for updates of a product when I 'm happy it . So , I ordered Easy CD Creator CD & DVD Creator 6 Platinum at an excellent price from Amazon.Big mistake ! I find that it is unstable -- sometimes working , other times freezing my system -LRB- Microsoft XP Home -RRB- . The worst thing about it , however , is that it refuses to read CD-RW disks that were written with Creator 5 and read absolutely FINE with Creator 5 . That was the last straw!I do have something positive to say about the Easy CD Creator CD & DVD 6 Platinum . It uninstalls well . Now excuse me while I get back to using my reliable , if not as capable , Creator 5 .
 I have sticked to Easy Cd from my early beginning recording CDs , more than 3 years ago , and believe me
 I 've been using Easy CD Creator since version 2 that came bundled with my first burner , and they -LRB- Roxio -RRB- should 've left well enough alone a long time ago . In version 6 they basically removed all the tools that I used in the package , except for what they 've chosen to now call `` Creator Classic '' . I never was able to figure out how to create a VCD -LRB- DVD Creator 's help crashed every time I tried to look up ` VCD ' -RRB- . Basically all the functions in version 6 are no better than what may have come bundled with your burner drive . Save your money .
 They did n't have a `` 0-star '' option or I would have used it . I 've been using CD creating software since 1997 , mostly from Adaptec . With this package I 've produced more `` coasters '' than I did back in those days of $ 800 CD-burners , $ 8 CD-Rs , 2x record , and no buffer . I picked up `` Roxio 's '' Easy CD Creator 5 as part of a system software package in 2002 and the first thing I had to do was download a service pack for WinXP . This particular version -LRB- 6 -RRB- only works when it wants to . I 'll give it this much , it was n't hard to remove from my system . How can a company take a product , make it worse , and still continue to find buyers . That must be why I 'm not in marketing or economics . I ordered Nero 6 Ultra instead . WinXP has a better burning package for free .
 I put in an order for this -LRB- I had version 5 on a prior PC -RRB- so that I 'd have some decent DVD software on my new PC . I treated the negative reviews here with skepticism.But they appear to be bang on target . So far , it has completely prevented XP from restarting -LRB- giving me a message that Windows can no longer figure out whether I have a valid license or not -- trust me , I do ; and then on another reinstall hungup half-way through copying files . For something as basic as disk copying you should n't have to deal with the kind of problems that bleeding-edge games or other exotic software present . Even with the current rebate I 'm out ... because I figured it could n't be all bad . Forget it . I 'll go back to the earlier version .
 This software seems to mess up the disk partition assigning whole different drive letters at random after the installation . You ca n't even uninstall completely because it puts permanenet damage to your windows registry and creates orphant dlls , etc. . I can not believe anyone selling this kind of horrible software . This software will cause a lot of damamge than a good . Now , my disk imaging software -LRB- Acronis True Image 7 -RRB- and other * . dll dependent programs no longer work.Roxio should recall this junk immediately .
 Well , I have never written a negative review before -LRB- frankly I do n't write reviews very often . -RRB- Without being too malicious or extraneous let me just point out the facts . I installed this program . Installation was kind of sluggish and rebooted when completed . That was the last time I saw Windows . Numerous error messages all from system 32 . I tried everything I could think of - safe mode negative , Roxio Go Back negative -LRB- stated no safe restore points found -RRB- system restore negative -LRB- could n't get into windows to use . -RRB- Computer tech support was not helpful - they wanted to reformat the HD stating I tried everything already and the situation was hopeless and I should start over . Problem ... 2 years of baby pics only partially backed up . I admit that that is my fault completely . Anyway , new second hard drive installed , expensive data extraction software program installed , and about 15 man hours later I was able to get my baby pics stored to DVD and recovered most of the other data . This rescue plan was developed by a couple of folks on my computer brands forums . Although expensive , I needed those pictures back ! Currently I am still working on it . It is like a person with amnesia who 's mind returns but not quite 100 % . Anyway , I agree with the previous person - this program acted like a virus for me . Trying not to be too nasty about this . In fact I read somewhere where some folks had this same problem but I ignored it because I have a fairly new/powerful computer and this has never happened to me before . Well that is it . Thought you should know .
 I liked the way it worked , when it worked . I upgraded to to XP and the program will not run . Roxio is of no help . Stay away .
 I purchased the Plextor PX-708A top of the line DVD/CD burner and the software that came with it was Roxio Easy CD & DVD Creator . Well let me tell you it gave me the blue screen of POWER FAILURE Error and after that whenever I tried to shut down my computer it would just restart . I did n't realize this was causing the problem and I thought the new burner needed a better system so I built a new custom sytem getting the best montherboard ASUS has to offer P4 plus 1 Gig of memory well after reinstalling everything guess what the same problem happened that 's when I started researching online and found that ROXIO sucks , they need to test the product before sending to the market . I had to reinstall Window 2000 again and the CD with Roxio will never go in my computer again . Now my computer works fine . I went out and purchases NERO 6 Ultra Edition , it works much better but you need to download the patches first . Both of these products try to offer to much other crap they need to get the software for burning down solid before adding on other crap and make sure they test it .
 Since I bought a DVD burner , I thought it would be a good idea to upgrade to Roxio 's ver . 6 from ver . 5 . - BIG mistake ! They took away most of the functionality of v5 and called it an upgrade . I have uninstalled this `` upgrade '' and went back to v5 . I recommend you buy ANYTHING ELSE rather than waste $ on this . Their tech support was basically useless to try to answer any of my questions - they were n't even aware of the features in v5 . Go with any DVD burning product from uLead and check out what you can do with DVD Xcopy . If you can get your hands on Roxio 's v5 , it 's great for audio but stay away from v6 .
 I 'd like to congratulate Roxio and the Easy CD & DVD Creator 6.0 ... For being the one and only software app that crashed my system running Windows XP ! ... And I 've been running XP for over 2 years ! Even after 2 updates from their website , and a COMPLETE driver overhaul , I still had to reach for the reset button . Stick to Nero 5.5 or better yet , if you 're just burning audio CDs , get Feurio ! -LRB- also from Ahead software -RRB- It 's the best and less than half the cost .
 My computer came with version 5 . I upgraded to 6 and now can not read any information on my cd . tech desk has been very unhelpful . I have been looking at the bulletins in Roxio.com and there are ton 's and ton 's of problems with this software . I can only hope that when I install a different brand of software , I will be able to retrieve information from my cd 's . Horrible support from Roxio ...
 This is the first time I have ever written a review . If you have roxio version 5 , stick with it , the patches from the site works fine . Do n't ever buy Roxio 6 . I do n't even have to work for Roxio company to give it good ratings . Roxio needs to fix their bugs before making their real profits . Roxio version 6 crashed all my CD DVD drives leaving just my hard drive to work on . What a pain to re-install OS and everything that you need to get you going on your computer .
 Without a doubt one of the worst products I 've ever bought and one of the worst companies I 've ever dealt with!First , I created a playlist , burned it to CDR and everything seemed fine . However , when I opened that playlist the next day the songs were not in the order I had placed them in , some were missing , and there were two nameless tracks added -LRB- with no information in them -RRB- . Second , when I tried to edit tracks using Sound Editor I got repeated failure messages saying `` Unable to Open the File for editing . '' It would not even PLAY most tracks and I got a message saying `` In Use Elsewhere . '' The Sound Editor also repeatedly froze up during editing sessions , which were then entirely lost ! Hours of work wasted ! In fact , the software locks up often regardless of what feature you are trying to use.I contacted their so-called `` technical support '' -LRB- Ha ! -RRB- by phone and email , but still have n't heard from them . I did n't pay for this . If I ca n't return it for a refund it 's going in the trash - where it will be right at home!P.S .
 I had EasyCD `` Cremator '' basic that came with a Micro-Advantage DVD Burner . I was unable to burn anything , as with a previous review the drive would alternate between recognizing the media and not , saying it was unreadable to being able to record once and then having it not be readable/writable . I made a total of 7 coasters -LRB- dvd recordables -RRB- and several Cd-rs . It would occasionaly work with my previoulsy installed CD burner . Anyway I took the drive back thinking it was bad . I bought a new Pioneer drive , same problem . I uninstalled the `` Cremator '' installed Nero 6 Ultra , everything works perfectly , both burners in my system . Do n't the hardware manufacurers test their drives with the software before packaging it . EasyCD `` Cremator '' is totaly useless and is not even worth getting it for `` free '' when you buy a burner . Do yourself a favor , do n't bother installing it , throw it away and get Nero or one of the Freeware/Shareware burning software -LRB- see DVDRHELP.COM -RRB- . Oh , the drag to disk worked occasionally with the CD burner . I guess that is worth about 1 star .
 Wow , I thought I made the right choice in buying this software instead of Nero 's . But after installing this on my Win2K comp , it wo n't even bootup , not even in safe mode ! I get a BSOD -LRB- blue screen of death -RRB- before I get to the desktop.Now I have to completely install EVERYTHING from scratch . That should keep me busy for most of my weekend.My computer has been running perfectly stable until I installed Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 Platinum Edition . I am trying really hard not to curse Roxio out about this as it is a family rated forum.I am considered a computer expert by family and friends . I know that this problem was not caused by anything I did wrong . So what ever you do : DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! DO NOT SUPPORT ROXIO .
 I have been using version 4.02 and have had minimal problems.I bought a new drive and # 6 was inside so I tried it.Didn ' t like it - went to put 4.0 back in and now it wo n't read the drives.says there are no correctly configured drives.When I turn # 4 off the drives work fine.Roxio needs to be smarter than this.Do not buy Roxio junk.The support is sub-par and they leave you with self help skills.Which means - you figure it out we ca n't . thanks
 I bought this solely based on the `` Roxio '' reputation . I installed it , the DVDs I burned did n't work -LRB- it crashed -RRB- . I spent serveral hours downloading the `` upgrades '' from the Roxio site , then tried it again . The DVD crashed still !!! The store I bought this from -LRB- Best Buy -RRB- does not take open software returns -LRB- none ! -RRB- So I stepped outside then threw this entire package into the trash.I gave this product one star only because Amazon does n't have a lower rating .
 I received Easy CD Creator 4 basic which has never worked . Friends advised me to buy Easy CD Creator 5 Platinum which has never worked either . Their tech-support is rude and incompetent that have never been able to install their own software.Roxio is the worst breed of the worst . A friend of mine just got Easy CD Creator 6 , which did not work too . Roxio 's tech-support advised him to pay $ 35 if he wants his software fixed !!! Roxio makes buggy software and requires people to pay to try to fix it !!!! Roxio is really abusing of people .
 I own version 5 Platinum and have not had any problems . I read many reviews on the Vers . 6 Basic and Platinum and was not willing to take a chance on purchasing . I purchased a DVD burner which included the Basic Version EZ CD & DVD Creator 6 . I installed the thing and it could not see my drives ; not even the drive it came with . I turned off Drag and Drop and still nothing . I went to Roxio site and there was no real answer to resolve the problem . I tried reinstalling and nothing . I tried working with the registry and removing the filters they suggested I remove and still nothing . After approx . 3 to 4 hours of this I decided to uninstall and reinstall Version 5 Platinum . Everything works fine . It is truly a shame that a company with such a good reputation has allowed this software on the shelves for sale . The consumer needs protection from companies that sell faulty software to unsuspecting consumers . Shame on you Roxio .
 This is the single most frustrating software package I have ever had the displeasure of grappling with -- and in this day and age , that is truly saying something . After spending approximately 15 hours , I have been unable to finish burning a complete disc -LRB- sessions stall ; discs that are readable one minute are declared unreadable or even non-existent the next ; even the smallest error can cause the process to start over as late as 90 % into completion , etc. -RRB- . The so-called help files are utterly useless . My system is supposedly compatible , but clearly it makes no difference
 Maybe it is my own ineptitude , but I doubt it . I purchased and installed this product , because I could not run Direct CD under Version 5 after the time for a bargain upgrade had expired . I still ca n't create Direct CD disks that my new Gateway 400S will read . Worse yet , if I place a CD-RW disk in the drive and try to access it or determine its properties , the My Computer program stops responding , and I have to power off and reboot . Gateway , of course , says it is a Roxio problem , and I have tried repeatedly to reach Roxio 's support line without success . The last time I tried , the estimated waiting time to speak to a technician was 19 minutes.I think the problem may have it 's genesis in the fact that this `` Platinum '' version of Easy CD Creator 6 has dropped Direct CD in favor of something called `` Drag-to-Disk . '' Roxio 's User 's Guide says the new application is compatible with most CDRW disks , but I have yet to see the evidence of that . Meanwhile , I have lost more valuable time and seemingly ruined more blank CDRW disks than I care to think about.Perhaps a Roxio technician will be able to explain it all and attribute the problem to a mistake I have made . Roxio 's Knowledge base is replete with articles about issues arising from the incompatibility of WindowsXP and prior versions of ECDC , but does not mention any problems arising between the OS and the current version . I can turn out useful CD-R disks with the program , but I was still able to do that with the prior version . I suggest Roxio rename the product
 The maker neglects to mention that the CD inserts prepared and saved with Easy CD Creator 5 will not be formatted the correctly in this new version
 Actually , I had initial success with Win2000 Pro , but their were serious subtle bugs.I tried to use CD and DVD rewritables , and I could get some success . However , I can only use 60 % of the space on the CD . That was the first wierd thing.As I was archiving CDs , I have some problems . Some CDs could not be copied . I could later copy them with Nero 5 though , or using a Mac with Roxio Toast 5 . On other CDs I get errors stating that the . iso could not be used for that format , such as hybrid CDs . However , on the Macs with Roxio 's Toast , I do not have these problems.Some CDs that I created using Easy CD Creator were invalid or corrupted . I created ISO images on my hard drive and created CDs . The installer would crash , or other software would would be corrupted or would not work correctly . I am really scared after reading these other reviews , so I think I may re-create these archives with another utility in Linux or Mac.I would seriously avoid this product and future products , as this software can mess up your data and archives . You do n't want to gamble with this . I imagine there might be some legal action -LRB- class action -RRB- in the near future ...
 I had the Platinum 5 version which I upgraded . Using Windows ME , this worked fairly well . I then upgraded to a Dell 4550 , which came with a Basic 5 Version , and Windows XP , that worked but would n't make MP3 CD 's . So I decided to upgrade to Version 6 . The result was disaster , the program worked for 24 hours , then crashed , repeated error messages , would not work at all . I called Dell , they tried very hard but could not correct the problem . In the end I had to reformat the hard drive , at Dell 's recommendation . I then re-enstalled Version 6 , the same problem , I then called Roxio . Their tech and I spent 3 hours on the phone trying to cure this problem , no luck . I then erased the program , and returned it . I purchased Nero 5.5 which works fine . If your are reading this , do n't believe the guys who say it works fine , IT DOES NOT , be very careful , my re-format took 8 hours , including new down loads . The people at Dell and Roxio did not know what caused the problem . My own guess is that some where there are severe incompatabilities between ECDC and XP . In truth I can not recomend a product which seems so variable . Good Luck
 I have n't used the program too much yet , but the one dvd backup I did make worked fine.My major qualm with the program is that upon installation , it seems to have partitioned my hard drive without asking me and for no apparent reason . I now have a FAT partitioned f
 Why , oh why did n't I read these reviews before throwing my money away on this system destroyer ? It 's like HIV . It screws up your system and you ca n't get rid of it . I wish we had the option of awarding zero stars!I had the previous edition of Easy CD Creator which worked with Windows 98 . When I upgraded to Windows XP , I tried to re-install Easy CD and not only did it NOT install , telling me that I had to upgrade , it did something to my operating system so that even the built in Windows XP CD burning software no longer worked . I 've since gone through every fix I can find , including one from the Microsoft website -LRB- which is also found on the Roxio website -RRB- which involves making changes and deletions on your registry . At least it quit giving me the error messages about having to disable loaded drivers because they will make your system unstable . But it still would not burn or format CD 's , even though the drive still works ok to read disks or load programs.Finally , in desperation , I bought the new Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 , hoping that their new version would install itself properly and would allow me to burn CD 's . I figured that they were aware of this problem and would have built in corrections to the new version . In other words , `` They broke it , maybe their new version would fix it ! `` No such luck . A bunch of bucks later , and I still ca n't burn CD 's . I spent 45 minutes downloading all of the upgrades to this program from Roxio , but when I reboot to finalize the installation , Windows refuses to load , and I have to allow it to revert to the last known good configuration . I 'm trying to install a different brand of CD software , but it does n't work either , probably thanks to the `` Roxio infection '' . It looks like I may end up having to re-install XP , and go through all of the upgrades again . The only good news is that I found my receipt , and the store where I purchased it gave me a full refund .
 I can echo the comments of the other purchasers regarding the problems with Roxio if you have Windows . I , too , would have given it zero stars , if possible . I have spent an inordinate amount of my time trying to get Roxio 6.0 platinum to work properly with XP . -LRB- I have been told that there are compatibility problems in general between Microsoft products and Roxio -RRB- . Roxio gives you free service for 90 days but then you are on your own -- unless you want to pay $ 35 per call -LRB- and the call is on YOUR tab -RRB- . Their discussion groups are largely the blind leading the blind . I am looking for a new software .
 I used this software to backup my data onto a DVD+R 4X disk . I was stunned to find that although the size of the created DVD looked about close to the original data , many files were simply gone
 Warning
 I bought this so that I could burn digital video onto a VCD . Every time I tried to burn a CD I got a KERNEL32.dll error and the program would shut down . Roxio 's tech support is useless . I searched the web for a possible answer and found that a lot of other people have the same issue . I am running this on Windows 98 and my system easily meets the minimum system requirements .
 I foolishly bought the upgrade for Roxio . I 've used Roxio for several months and it is just a collection of programs that do not fit well together . I finally switched to Nero . It is the only way to go .
 Upon loading the program and attempting to burn my first CD , program would not recognize my drive . Refered to the help web page and determined that the program is supposed to recognize my model CD drive . I have no confidence in this program and decided to remove from my system and discard . Not very reliable . I will not buy another Roxio product . I will go back to Nero . Never had a problem with it .
 Version 6.0 is extremely buggy - there are fixes for many of the problems on the Roxio website , but quite a few are n't fixed . I was unable to burn a DVD with this software , but at least the software prevented me from even trying to burn the DVD , so I did n't waste the DVD . That being said , if you can get it to work , it 's very extensive . You can also burn audio CD 's from . wav and . mp3 files , with CD-text , and then import the track information to the label-maker . Pinnacle 's Instant CD+DVD might be more suitable for you . They have a trial version so you can make sure it works on your computer before you buy . If all you 're looking for is DVD-authoring/burning software , try Ulead MovieMaker 2 ; they also have a trial version .
 The CD burning part of the program works the same as 5.0 . It is relativly good and I have had few problems.If you wish to burn DVDs do n't waste your money . IT DOES N'T WORK . I have wasted 3 DVDs trying to get it to work and it just keeps crashing .
 All the bad reviews are true !! I 've been working with computers long enough to fix minor/major bugs . But this software qualifies as a VIRUS ! Changes drive letters . Destroys OS . Bluescreen of death ! You will have to reinstall your OS and lose all your data on your hard drive . So , unless you 're a Republican , do n't install this `` virusware '' .
 After mucho Hype I made a terrible assumption that spending big bucks on a recording suite that it would include most features as other similiar products but I made a huge mistake.I honestly cant believe that the folks at Roxio actually use this product because if they did they would have noticed the massive holes in standard features that it is lacking.I wanted an MP3 solution mainly , with an option to get a DVD burner later but I have many complaints . * It will not allow you to use your own MP3 naming format . You can only use the 3 presets , so it is necessary to go back after every rip & rename every track to what it should be . Totally ignoring what a customer wants to do - you must do it Roxio 's way or do it yourself . * Standard features like normalization are simply left out . If you have cd 's at a different volume level - too bad , buy another product to do what this one should do . * Simple items are made cumbersom such as CDDB - which finds the name 's but you must refresh everytime you accept what the CDDB finds or your tracks will get named Track1 & so on . This is just extra keystrokes for what should already have been done ... . again making it cumbersom . * Comes with a 350 page book telling you everything except what you want to do or know . Want to find out how to burn an ISO ? No table of contents to just search ISO . You must wait on pages & pages of worthless timeconsuming Manuals via PDF . This is really the unforgivable part . * Things like DVD builder are amazingly enept . One example is that there are 2 options to save - `` Save '' & `` Save as '' . Both do the same thing . `` Save as '' doesnt allow you to save as anything or to anyplace - Name ? OK saved just like the option for Save . This is a total lack of testing & product development & lack of concern for customer satisfaction.Now I did give it 1 extra star due to the baseline of support does pick up my dvd/cd recorders . Many that I have tried in the past dont do that ... But I guess I will have to throw this in as a wash of my cash & try to find a product that works.Thanks for nothing Roxio .
 I used many , many different software packages , but from hundreds this is by far worse.It does n't do anything it promises on the box , it 's not intuitive at all , and everything you expect to do automaticaly does totaly wrong.All the menues are on the weird places , scatered , and options and you never know what you are supposed to do next.It has ZERO help , and it does n't even react if you tell it too burn let 's say 5 Gb 's of staff.There is almost no warnings at all , and when you ask it to checks anything , most of the times just hangs , so that you have toreset machine , task manager ca n't stop it ... It also locked my cd player , so I had to disconnect CD , restart machine , shutdown and connect it again ... And to sumerise - it does n't work.Plus the upgrade is so expensive , do n't be mad to buy this.For the same money you can buy buy some other product , which actually works.It 's maybe good marketing , and promises a lot , but this product does n't deserve even one star ... If this was a freeware , it would NOT be worth downloading ... Newer version -LRB- 7 -RRB- is HUGE improvement , but still do shop around first .
 Being an engineer , I can only believe that software engineers must run Roxio . The product is always being `` upgraded '' which means , where I work , fixed for a poor early release , and or the engineers want to keep playing with it . I should have known when I saw the 1 inch thick Manual that came with Creator Platinum , that I was in for a long difficult ride ! If you have patience and a masters in I.T. you probably will enjoy being Roxio 's Beta site and using the product . If not you will be totally frustrated . I have gotten it to work fairly well , but always come to a dead end that ca n't be answered in the manual . Trying to get assistance is virtually impossible . You can e mail the tech folks , but be ready for days of unanswered questions , then back and forth for weeks , when all that was needed was a short phone call . Oh yes , you can get phone assistance but you 'll spend a lot ... more then the software costs . For my money its easier to use Nero.Oh yes , if you only have a dial up connection , you 'll spend many hours on line trying to download updates that might not solve anything . I expect that version 7 is n't much different.Good luck .
 Do n't buy this product if you 're expecting a rebate from Roxio . Like several others , I , too , was denied the promised rebate although I met all the requirements outlined . And once denied , there is no earthly way to dispute this questionable business practice . I resubmitted my request for the rebate , carefully outlining their mistake in denying me , and have not even received the courtesy of a reply . I 'm chalking it up to experience , and as much as I like the product , I wo n't be purchasing any updates .
 I had the same problem as the last writer . I tried installing version 6 with version 5 already installed . During the install process , I was prompted to remove version 5 because the 2 versions can not be on the same machine . After the installation completed , the system prompted me to reboot.Upon bootup , I got an error stating that my c : \ windows \ system32 \ config \ system file was corrupted . I tried restoring it , which got my computer back up into windows just so I can do my last backups of my key files.Next , since things were already screwed up , I decided that I might as well repartiton my drives using Partition Commander . Things were going ok , until all of a sudden my computer froze up . You know what happened next , my partitions got destroyed.I was n't upset , since I had all my important stuff backed up.I reinstalled XP and get what , after my first reboot from updating Windows via the automatic update , my computer had some sort of fatal error and the computer kept rebooting . I could n't restore it in safe mode and the repair console did n't work.So I had to do some research on my 2nd computer and I determined that the NTFS partitons were still screwed up.I had to reinstall Windows XP Pro again ! So after updating all the files for about 3 hours , I said to myself , let me try reinstalling CD Creator 6 before I install anything else.Everything seemed ok during the installation , until I rebooted . The first thing I tried to do is connect to the internet . I clicked on the Explorer icon . Nothing happened !! I tried clicking on some other icons , Nothing happend again ! I finally had to `` reset '' my computer . Guess what , now my DSOUND.DLL file got corrupted . This prevented any sounds from playing . I had to copy the file from my laptop to my main computer ... I hope my review helps.DBR3 / 3/02
 This software came with my new Dell Computer and it has been a very frustrating experience . Dell DOES NOT give or offer any support for this software and Roxio will not give or offer any support either -LRB- unless you purchase it direct from them , then , I do n't know -RRB- . I was held on hold with Roxio for 11/2 hrs and finally gave up . For some reason , although you can compress the VHS capture source down to fit on a DVD -LRB- MPEG-1 , and four more options -RRB- , it still says that the files are too large to transfer . I bought the top-of-the-line Dell to handle all the system requirements . There was no manual that came with the software and the help menu was not informative enough . I have had my computer 3 weeks and have been off work during this time and still ca n't get it to capture all the time , or compress properly when it does work . I even went as far as buying a new VCR and a variety of cables -LRB- including `` Monster '' cables -RRB- in hopes that this would remedy the problem , but to no avail . And now , the video portion has finally stopped working . A waste of good money .
 I swore off Roxio in version 4.0 . Then I forgot why and forked out the bucks for Easy CD Creator 6 . I installed v 6.0 yesterday and now I remember why
 I have been very happy with Roxio products until this upgrade . This product should never have been released . During the upgrade , it destroyed my Windows 2000 . All I had when Roxio got through with my machine is the blue screen of death . I had to reinstall Windows , ALL my programs ALL my drivers , and I had reset ALL my preferences and defaults , I never could recover my DSL connection . And my MP3 files all disappeared . I lost a week 's worth of work , probably several clients , and several thousand dollars.After speaking with Roxio technical help -LRB- on my dime , of course -RRB- for several hours , the person at Roxio admitted that THIS WAS CAUSED BY A KNOWN BUG . They had no work-around ; they had not recalled the product ; they had no warning for suckers like me . All they had was `` I 'm sorry . '' That 's not good enough.The icing on the cake is that the program does n't even work well . I have yet to be able to make an audio cd that does n't skip and distort . I hate to think about the data cd 's I 've made .
 I would actually give this a `` minus '' star if I could.Installed this on WinXP - Crashed my entire system because even the `` restore '' function would not work . Had to re-install WinXP . Decided to try it on another system without XP and have had nothing but trouble with this program . I DO NOT recommend this to anyone - especially novice computer users . This program has some serious flaws .
 I purchased this product and when I record it gives me an error message . When I went to the Roxio website it says that the error can be fixed by purchasing Roxio version 7 ! I have lost many cds trying to get this rip off to work ! They are thieves !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am a systems analyst with 20 years of experience , I would never have released a product as full of bugs as this one . The concept is fantastic ! However , the product will not preform as advertised . When trying to put together a 15 minute slide presentation with audio sound you will experience not being able to adjust the sound to the photos in a cohesive manner . The music -LRB- sound -RRB- will always be too long or two short . While working on the project you will experience the screen going blank while the music continues to play , this makes it 100 % labor intensive to try to finish a project because you will spend all of your time starting over.When using random transitions you will never know how long each one will take . The majority of the time the transition is 2 seconds , however sometimes it is longer . Once-in-a-while the random transitions will disappear half way through the project.Forget about technical support . I have made several phone calls and when trying what the technician suggests I find that it does n't work . For example , they suggested using the remote control -LRB- part of the program -RRB- to view the project . They indicated that I would be able to fast forward and that the photos and music would stay together making it easier to hear and see what song was playing with what picture without going through the entire slide show again . I will never know because there is n't any way to stop the fast forward action . Once you start the fast forward it goes all the way to the end.Oh , by the way , did I mention that Roxio wants to charge you -LSB- money amount -RSB- for a technical service call . It 's pretty bad when you pay -LSB- money amount -RSB- for a product that barely works and then have to pay to find out that the technical support is n't helpful . When I asked the technical service person -LRB- Liz - in Toronto -RRB- if any of the things she was telling me were in the user manual she replied `` I do n't know , I 've never read it . `` Other little annoyances like the up and down slide on the side tab freezes and you can only move up , which prevents you from seeing anything at the end of your project . Eventually it comes back but in the meanwhile it 's a pain.Several people really liked the one short dvd I was able to create and wanted to know about the product . When I told them it took me a week to make a 15 minute dvd they quickly changed their mind and told me to let them know when the prodcut is perfected . Too bad for Roxio - they had a good idea that could have sold very well .
 Received Easy CD&DVD Creator6 Platinum for Christmas because I had really liked version 4 . Have not been able to get a complete install on it to date , and the parts that did install did n't function right . Went to Roxio 's support site & found that many purchasers had same -LSB- and many other -RSB- problems . Some even had to restore their PC . Sent Emails to their tech support and received one answer so far . It took 11 DAYS for them to answer , and it was just a bunch of babble , nothing to do with the problem . I have uninstalled & deleted everything I can find related to it on my PC , and thrown the blasted thing away . I will NEVER buy another ROXIO product again .
 If you are fortunate enough to get one of the earlier releases of 6.0 you will be OK as long as you do not upgrade via the web once you register . Most of the copies out there now do include the newer engine . If you upgrade to 6.x via the web you can kiss DVD burning goodbye.They are planning a release of the newer engine that will fix the bug that they have stated could not be replicated in their labs . However , look at their own site forums and on the web . It 's a wide spread issue . The fix is supposed to be out in late November . I would wait until it is out and tested first.It does burn DVDs but it further compresses the image to about 50 % of what it should be . The end result is a 4.7 gig burn that renders to about 2 gigs . It 's almost unrecognizable when you play it . Pixilation so bad that is resembles a mosaic pattern.Another problem is the software keeps attempting to finalize CD-R disks . After the initial finalization using the drag and drop icons it will finalize the CD-R again . Throw that one away too.Finally , I burned a 1-hour DVD . It took 27 hours to render with the new engine on a 2.6 GHz with 1 gig of RAM and a 110 Gig swap drive.Your call on buying this!One thing I liked ... The nice box it came in ...
 If you own Easy Creator 5 , I ca n't think of any good reason to purchase this product . The only thing it does well is burn data and files to CD 's , and EC-5 does that equally well . The Photosuite section is one of the most exasperating pieces of software I 've ever tried to use - and it deletes EC-5 's ability to archive pictures along with a self-running exe player that provides both shortage and self-running slide show capabilities -LRB- with music -RRB- on one CD . If you need a photo album and picture editor program , first look at what came with your digital camera , possibly augmented by one of the cheaper Adobe editing products , or purchase Jasc After Shot or it 's latest incarnation . If you need DVD/Video capture or editing software , buy Sonic 's MYDVD Video Suite - It 's significantly simpler and more flexible to use , and produces DVD 's with better playing characteristics . The Audio capture/playing/editing features seem only different , not better than EC-5 , and maybe not as good . The Drag-to Disk feature is back - but I 've never found that feature to be worth the effort to use it , with any CD/DVD burning program . And lastly , the basic operation of the program seems even more quirky than EC-5 , and counter-intuitive to every other piece of software you likely own . Bottom line , I installed it , tried it , deleted it , and reinstalled the elements of EC-5 I use . Was a total waste of $ ...
 I bought this against the advice of several reviews on this site . It will make a nice looking DVD but it is very limited in my opinion .1 -RRB- Wo n't allow you to combine video clips2 -RRB- Wo n't allow you to rename the video clips that you capture . You can only do that in windows explorer .3 -RRB- Any audio that you attach is limited to just a few seconds4 -RRB- If you need any help with anything other than installation problems , you have to pay for it from day one .5 -RRB- When you edit a clip , you ca n't keep what you cut out , it automatically discards it.It 's OK , but not worth the $ I paid for it . I am going to find a real DVD capture and edit program and get rid of this .
 I got this software with a terrific Plextar PX-708UP disk drive . Why they include ROXIO I will never understand . Lot 's of problems . It does n't work along with Redxpress Express Copyware 3 . After using Redxpress once , the computer would recognize the DVD drive , but the ROXIO program would n't . The exact same thing happened with my two machines , both equipped with Windows XP . Do n't buy it . Ive consistently found ROXIO products to be low rent . The pits . Go with Nero .
 I have been using PC 's since 1982 . I have purchased many commercially developed software programs . Roxio and Easy CD Ver 6 wins first place as the worst program I have ever purchased . Technical support is a joke to say the least . I will NEVER buy anything from Roxio or any successors . I purchased this version in Sept. 2003 and have lost count as to the number of times I have installed and uninstalled this software . I tried calling the tech . support number and the area code had changed . They have no phone number that you can call without a credit crd number being used . There is no mailing address , save their legal department . I just wish I had been happy with version 5 which came installed on my new computer . The web site support is very lacking in assistance . Caveat Emptor is the best expression for Roxio Products . Find an alternate product that does the same job . The reason for one star is that is the least you can use , on this site .
 This software looks as if it has real potential but did n't deliver . I had problems burning CDs from the start . I 've been working with their tech support on and off for about 6 MONTHS and have yet to get the program to work . Their tech support is horrible , it takes weeks to answer my emails and they sent standardized solutions that did n't even address my problem . Phone support costs $ 35 . If it worked it would be great software but it does n't work and support is useless .
 After I installed this software on my XP computer over last weekend , I found that my hard drives assignments were completing changed and I was not able to run my applications . Hidden partitions also showed up as newly assigned drives . Luckily I was hands-on with computer enough to go to the maintainance mode and correct the problems.When I tried to compile new projects for data backup , the program hanged numerous times . What 's worst was that not all data were written on the disc and the program did not flag any warnings .
 I have never been compelled to write a review at Amazon.com , but Easy CD&DVD ; Creator by Roxio leads me to do it . I bought this software based upon generally positive reviews here and elsewhere , thinking that the Roxio folks had it together . Following my experience I went back and read those reviews again . Old reviews were positive , but newer reviews were far less so . Somewhere along the way , something has changed for the Roxio gang.The only useful element in the bundle is the classic CD Creator - this is a gem , and works great on my machine . The DVD editing and authoring software is , however , a disaster . The digital photo software as well as the rest of the bundle is weak and you can better for less elsewhere.Problems with the video editing and DVD authoring segments are instability -LRB- an understatement -RRB- , leading to crashes and loss of work . In addition to crashes , the video editing software uses a pointer file that is prone to corruption , which leads to loss of your project -LRB- after hours of work -RRB- . Secondly , they recently released an update with a new DVD engine that produces useless DVDs - if you ever get one . Everything is highly compressed , which results in a highly pixelated and jerky image during playback . Documentation is okay , which is good because the software is far from intuitive.I tired desperately to resolve my problems via Roxio 's technical service . For tech service you have three options -LRB- 1 . -RRB- use their web-served information and figure it out yourself , -LRB- 2 . -RRB- converse with tech service by email , or -LRB- 3 . -RRB- pay to talk to someone -LRB- and it 's not cheap -RRB- . I tried one and two . At first I learned that many others were having my same problems -LRB- check out their forums -RRB- and nobody had received any help or response from Roxio . Not only did I not find help , I did find a growing group of very dissatisfied users or would have been users . So I tried the email approach . I was seriously disappointed at the responses I received after three rounds - each response took seven days . They first suggested removing then re-installing the software . After this failed , the second acknowledged that there was a problem with the new engine and stated `` perhaps a future update will resolve the problem '' , but offered no help or encouragement . By the way - email support is limited to ninety days from the first time you contact them , provided that it 's all within one year of your registered purchase date . After that you can figure it out on your own or pay.I only gave this product one star because I could n't give it zero stars . It 's an expensive way to get good CD authoring software . If you want digital photo editing software , look elsewhere - there are better products for less money . If you want video editing and DVD authoring software then forget it , unless you are a masochist . If you do buy this package , and get it to run as it should , then never accept an update afterwards . And if you expect to be able to get help from responsive , competent technical service , definitely look elsewhere because these folks do n't provide it -LRB- unless maybe you have a credit card waiting - for a new product -RRB- .
 I purchased my copy around 4 weeks ago and spent several hours each weekend trying to install it . I have downloaded the 49MB of updates but they wo n't install either.Before laying out cash for this software , or any other similar products , check out the manufacturers websites and look at the customer complaint/problems section as an indicator of how good their product is . If you check out the support forum at Roxio you will see that this product has more than the average when it comes to bugs and problems.I would n't recommend this to anyone . There are other similar products on the market much more worthy of your money .
 I bought this software to update my sytem from the Roxio CD/DVD creator 5 Basic that came with my new computer . Worst mistake ever ! This thing has so many bugs and glitches that if they had a patch for everyone they should call this Raggedy Andy ! System freezes , error messages , etc. . None of this has anything to do with reading or not reading directions , it is fairly easy to understand and use ... it just does n't work !!! I am getting my $ $ $ back and going back to the basic for now or buying a new program altogether ...
 My mom purchased this software to go with her new DVD burner . I installed it on her computer and was unable to get it to work . Not only that , but the computer crashed frequently after the installation of this software . The software changes settings on your computer even when you check boxes requesting that it not do that . I 've also tried to get the software working on my laptop -LRB- running Windows XP -RRB- . I had the same result . This software is pure garbage . As a comp sci major , I am fairly computer literate . I do n't think it should be this difficult to get a piece of software to work properly . I will never buy another Roxio product .
 Roxio Easy CD & DVD Creator is notorious for corrupting Windows operating systems -LRB- boh XP and Windows 2000 -RRB- under particular circumstances involving certain driver/hardware installations , including those involving some involving USB and zip drives . Many complaints appear on web sites . While the software has a good reputation if these problems are not encountered , the downside of a corrupted operating system is severe . `` Blue screen '' interruptions of the computer , such as `` Inaccessible boot device '' may occur . Hard disk reformatting and reinstallation of the operating system , other application programs and data may be required . Roxio does not readily support its basic software that comes with with DVD read/write drives , instead referring the caller to the manufacturer , or requiring a $ 35 technical support fee or an upgrade as a condition of technical support . This is high risk software with barriers to technical support and the user should be prepared to accept potential data losses and inconveniences associated with those risks .
 I have had this product for months now , and I can not install it on my computer . Roxio `` support '' has been no help . There is an upgrade available at their website , but it has n't done anything to help me install this product . I 'd love to hear from other 's who have had this problem !!!
 Their Tech Support is terrible . You must e-mail them only and they do not respond . I have submitted a question and been waiting for over 4 days and have heard absolutely nothing from them . The DVD burn portion flat out does not work . I constantly get error messages . Tried Sonic MYdvd and had no problems .
 I bought this software -LRB- Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 Platinum Editionby Roxio -RRB- and installed it and it does n't work . I wo n't recognize any of my CD drives to burn music to and most importantly , it does n't recognize that my palmcorder has been attached to it . I have a Compaq P4 2.66 GHz with XP and a new Panasonic palmcorder with miniDV cassettes and I ca n't get this damn program to work . I 'm returning it and you should too if it 's not too late . You can return this software if you purchase it at COSTCO , otherwise you 're screwed . Run from this software as fast as you can . A definite do n't buy !
 After re-installing Easy CD Creator 5.3.4 , which was bundled with my new tower from Dell -LRB- it did n't work when I tried it - therefore the re-install -RRB- , on reboot the computer crashed and I got the black screen of death . The XP recovery disc enabled me to get back up and running thanks to help from a friend . I then tried to re-install , omitting Direct cd which I was told was the problem , and the install hung . After getting unhung I went to the Roxio web site and downloaded a patch . The patch did about as much good as hitting my computer with a shovel . My advice - if Roxio has stock , do n't buy it . These guys ca n't possibly stay in business much longer . What a bomb !
 What the box does n't tell you is that your drive has to be supported for the software to work . My drive was not . Installation was a total disaster . A virus would not have done as much damage . The promised support was nonexistant .
 I 've been using Roxio 's Easy CD/DVD Creator 6 for sometime now and have not been able to get the company to fix their bugs within the DVD Builder portion of the product . I use this product frequently for other projects and it works fairly well but the DVD Builder is full of bugs . I purchased the product because of DVD Builder . I already had the previous version and there would have been no reason to upgrade except for DVD Builder . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 created a CD from hard drive files and when I tried to view them from CD was told disc could not be read and I was asked to perform scandisk to `` recover '' files . I followed instructions and lost everything . this product is a failure .
 I upgraded from version 5 to 6 to include the ability to write to DVD . If you plan to place music on your DVD , you are limited to only one audio file , obviously leaving you without sound for the rest of your DVD creation . I have learned that you can get around this by getting an additional program -LRB- VideoWave or Sound Editor -RRB- and combining audio files into one . If you get this program , plan on the extra expense for other software .
 When I installed it , it asked to be rebooted . When it rebooted it knocked out my computer would not reboot . I had to do a system restore but it rebooted into minimum resolution and 16 colors . Trying to change the display settings to a higher resolution and more colors was unsuccessful . Technical support for my video card could not find a solution . Reinstalling Windows did not solve the proproblem . It looks like I will have to do a clean install and reinstall over a 100 applications . When I installed Easy Creator I had no programs running in the background so that was not the problem.Easy Creator has always given me some problems . It is a tempermental program to begin with . I had hoped that Roxio would have solved these problems in the most recent version but it looks like Roxio only made the problems worse .
 This is horrible . I got this program with my CDRW burner about a year ago . It worked fine for about 6 monthes , until it started wrecking my CD 's . Everytime I tried to burn a CD , the program would exit . I tried everything . Finally , I got another program -LRB- Nero -RRB- and it worked great ! I highly recommend Nero , and I DO NOT recommend Roxio . It 's trash !!
 I got this software bundled with the Plextor PX-708A DVD burner -LRB- very good price/service from newegg.com I do n't mind saying , and I 'm not affiliated with them -RRB- . Well the first thing I noticed upon installing this software is that it constantly tries to `` phone home '' , meaning it tries to contact Roxio from your computer . Fortunately I run Zone Alarm as my personal firewall and I have to explicitly allow any new program to access the internet from my box , so sorry Roxio , go spy on someone else 's user habits . BTW , I mean * constantly * , it was really ridiculous.The major reason I give this piece o ' junk 1 star is that it does n't copy protected DVDs ! What in the nine h * lls does Roxio think I bought a DVD burner for in the first place !?!? I have a huge collection that someone could walk off with in about 30 seconds and I 'd be out over 1000 bones . Apparently Roxio forgot what `` fair use '' of a product means while they were ring-kissing and boot-licking to the MPAA . Now I have to go spend another 80 or so just to get some functionality out of my expensive new toy.I will never buy a Roxio product in my life .
 Had basic 5 version , which gave me problems . Tried to upgrade , blew the hard drive . Norton said 1038 Registy errors . Talked with computer shop , found that the errors `` not unusual '' .
 ECD has a great label maker , but for everything else I use Nero .
 I BOUGHT THE UPDATE DISK FOR PLATIUM 5 AND MY SYSTEM CRASHEDBOUGHT THIS VERSION AND MY SYSTEM WORKED THE FIRST TIME BUTIT CRASHED AGAIN I WAS USING XP PUT IT ON MY OTHER SYSTEM WHICH HAS ME NO PROBLEM MY OPINION THIS VERSION -LSB- STINKS -RSB- ROXIO SUPPORT WAS NO HELP STILL WAITING FOR A RESPONSE -LRB- 30 DAYS AND COUNTING -RRB-
 I 've had years of experience with Roxio -LRB- nee Adaptec -RRB- products ; most of the experiences were frustrating . Prospective buyers would do well to heed the warnings given by a couple of the featured reviewers .
 this software came with my computer but after some time this software was formating data cd to music cd in for real player . at last i had kick this software and i am so happy . now i am using nero which is is world class software . do n't buy this software ever at any cost . and if it is coming with your 's computer do n't use it . use nero
 Roxio 's so-called `` Easy CD Creator '' is anything but . It is perhaps the `` buggiest '' software I have ever used . It crashed my Windows XP system immediately upon installation . Even after a series of patches were downloaded to allegedly fix the problems , the software has continued to behave in a quirky and thoroughly unreliably manner . For example , lately it has begun refusing to burn more than half a CD . In sum , nothing but one frustration after another .
 I have had no trouble with this product , but have little experience burning CDs . After several attempts to contact customer support , I still have heard nothing . Their website directs people like me to go here and there , just to end up right where I started.I think the software might be okay . I give this product only one star because their customer support is non-existent . If they would answer me , maybe I would have a better idea if it is good or not . If you think you might ever need customer support , I would suggest you buy a different brand .
 I have spent hours and hours trying to make this product work , with only limited success . I have been reading the on-line discussion forum at Roxio 's support site and am amazed at how many problems are being experienced with this software and with the lack of tech support . Many knowledgeable people advising to steer clear of this product . I echo that sentiment .
 After 5 e-mails & 4 telephone call to resolve problems related to downloading latest revisions , program crashes , all I got was conflicting info for resolving problems . Most important reason for buying this product was to make a slide show , bad choice.Had to import 7 individual updates which were put on their web site Sept. 2 . 2003 and their tech service did not advise me about them.Present stadus
 I recieved this product about 4 months ago . Installed it on my Dell 1.3 . It would not function properly so I uninstalled it then reinstalled it and low and behold ... . still not functioning . It will not recognise drives on my system so I emailed Roxio with my situation -LRB- quickly as the free tech support is only free for a very short period -RRB- . They responded ... This is a very technical issue , please call our tech support line . My dime . In the mean time my dell got hit by lightning and I installed it on my new 2.8 W / gig of ram . It finds the drives now but will not even do a simple task like `` copy cd '' . The free version of nero express which came with the cdrw works wonderful . What a waste of money . Yes the free support time has ended for me so I 'm throwing it in the garbage !!! Keep up the good work Roxio !!!!!!
 Do n't expect any kind of tech support from Roxio . My TSID number for some unknown reason was not recognized , so I was not able to access their `` free online assistance '' . My option was to pay `` per problem '' assuming I could spend the time getting connected for help . Both audio and visual playback quality of captured video clips was horrible . I was unable to burn , as it repeatedly froze up after encoding . I have given up on Roxio and will hunt for options that actually work as intended . What a waste of money !
 Before anyone else gets burned - Roxio , bow out of DVD creating software and take this Easy CD & DVD creator with you . I spent several hours setting up a photo slideshow with your app only to have it spend 15 hours encoding the shows and for nothing . I created an ISO image on my harddrive -LRB- running XP -RRB- and burned a RW and R DVD - but nothing . The show looks great in the preview in Roxio - but the DVD will not play in the computer nor the stand alone DVD player . This thing is buggy too . Shows do not run the entire length of songs and transitions are buggy . Who beta-tested this software - someone from Microsoft.Before anyone spends hours creating a slideshow that you cant port anywhere else - think again .
 This is without a doubt the worst program , in any category , that I have ever used . It frankly does not work let alone work as advertised . It consistently stops burning and displays error messages . There is no way to correct them . I have tried burning at speeds from 40x down to 8x . Nothing works . I 've tried different media and Roxio 's `` smart burn . '' Same results . The same applies to disc copying . I 've trashed at least 2 doz or more perfectly good CDs trying to get this thing to work . I was able to burn 1 CD . It took almost 7 hours and left off the last 2.5 tracks . Tech support is worse than useless , they do n't even respond to email questions . Save your money and do n't bother with this program . It is a total waste .
 Roxio does it again with poor XP support . Buggy , constant lock ups . Total garbage.Hey Roxio
 Roxio is known for having bugs , but this program is the world class bug infested software of all time . I do n't even know where to start . But suffice to say that I allowed the program to be updated last night and now the thing ca n't even format a CD-RW . It wo n't even print labels , even ones created with earlier versions of this product , and the label maker was traditionally the only bug-free part of the suite.I have never seen a more blantant disregard for customer satisfaction.Uninstalling it was one of the highlights of my life .
 Product does not remove previous edition , and does not load . when calling the support center you may have to wait up to an hour to talk to someone . then you are put on hold again , to talk to a service rep/tech which means another 30 to 40 minute wait . And then the problem is still not resolved . Undoubtedly , this company does not care about customer support or service . Additionally , it would appear that the company is sending out a beta version of the program as a ` tested ' version , because the first update is is over 6 meg in size .
 My problem is with the sound editor function . There is absolutely no help in the user 's manual . There is not a single illustration of the very complex screen -LRB- I do not mean the waveform -RRB- . No help with the moving cursors . No instructions on how to select a part of the material and piece together with other parts for recording . The email support is meaningless . There is plenty of help for the kids who want to make labels , and I think that is the feature most people are raving about . I would return the package if I could . Wayne is my name .
 Crashed a lot and is n't compatible with newer hardware or operating systems . I ended up buying Nero and giving this away .
 I recently purchased the Easy CD & DVD creator 6 from COSTCO and I 'm returning it for a refund . I bought a Panasonic palmcorder with miniDV cassettes with the hopes that I could transfer the video to DVD/CD . I bought Roxio 's software because I 've heard it is reputable and I 've used their CD creator in the past with great success , but this package that I bought is just junk ! It simply does n't work . I have a Compaq P4 2.66 GHz with 512mb sdram , a CD/DVD writer , etc , etc , and this computer works very well in all other aspects . The software wo n't recognize that I 've connected a camcorder to it , plain and simple . I 've been doing some checking into this software and there appears to be a lot of problems with this software and I 've read many , many unfavorable reviews/customer feedback comments with a full range of problems . This really sucks because most people are screwed when they buy software because of the return policies in place -- you 're stuck with it . Not so with COSTCO . I recommend buying software through them if possible so as to avoid this problem.To summarize
 I wholeheartedly agree with every negative article related to this product - if you use windows XP . As an example the Label maker does not refresh properly so the graphics bleed into one another . Tech support almosts laughs at people with their standard comments - oh its going to be fixed on the next upgrade . I 'm not sure how they let this product out the door . It 's too bad becuase their earlier versions did its job relatively seemlessly .
 I purchased Roxio 6 platinum edition about 1 year ago and it worked fine -LRB- well at least initially -RRB- . But for the last 2-3 months I started having problem with my CD-RW/DVD-RW burner -LRB- This drive came installed on my `` Dell '' computer when I purchased it 14 months ago along with Roxio basic edition 5 -RRB- . Once a CD-R/RW is inserted into the drive Roxio 6 alerts you that this disc in not prepared and formatted , so you can not use it.Therefore you have to format it using the `` Format Disc '' option , a process wich takes 25-45 minutes . Only thenafter is the disc ready to use -LRB- i.e. saving files on it -RRB- just as a floppy disc -LRB- i.e. you cane erase a single or multiple file -LRB- s -RRB- witout the need to erase the whole disc completely -RRB- . As I mentioned all the features -LRB- e.g saving , CD burning , music or data disc creating , label creating ... etc -RRB- supported by roxio platinum 6 worked fine for the first several months . -LRB- note : I have not used it with DVD discs -RRB- . Then the problems started .1 . Blank new CDs can not be formated any more . That means that the blank CDs can not be used for saving and burning since they require preparation and formatting . So my CD/DVD burner now is turned into a CD/DVD Rom drive .2 . The CD-RW disc that I successfully formated with the same software can now no more be used as formmated CD-RW -LRB- i.e a single file can not be removed unless the entire disc is erased -RRB- 3 . The shortcut icon on the desktop sometimes does not respond to the mouse click as it used to several months ago . So I have to reboot my PC .4 . When I try to use other CD-R/RW which , on which I saved filesusing my old `` sony '' PC , Roxio patinum 6 recognized the disc and opened the files . BUT I could not save -LRB- add -RRB- new files because I got the message `` the disc is not formated '' . Formating it will erase all of the previously saved data in addition it , formating , wo n`t be successfull.That what happened to me when I lost important data saved on disc but the disc itself could not be formated.Those problems left me with crappy software and CD/DVD burner.I used several CD brand `` Memorex , Sony , Staples,ofiice-depot '' but all ended with the same annoying and disappointing results.If you are willing to take a riks buy it . It might keep working fine with your PC and CD or CD/DVD burner for more than the initial few monthsThanks
 I 've used every version of Roxio 's CD software - back to when it was from Adaptec and I really liked every version - until this one . It is rediculously buggy . Sometimes things work , then the next time they lock up the PC , then they work again . This is the only software on my PC that does this - and that was after all updates were applied for windows XP Pro SP1 and all updates from Roxio . This version from Roxio has made me not trust Roxio 's products anymore . I never agreed to be their beta tester.This is the first time I have ever written a negative review and it was because of how bad I feel this is that I felt compelled to warn others . Version 7 may be better , but I 'm not willing to take that chance . I feel Roxio should be giving V7 away to the people that bought version 6 .
 VERY disappointed . Requires almost 1GB of disk space , then it promptly downloads a half dozen large update files . I 'm sure there is lots of power hidden there , under comlicated interface screens . Worse than Microsoft !!! Buy mine ; I 'll go back to v5 and the simple life .
 I purchased a DVD+R / W and it came with Nero , having EZCD Creator 5 already installed I wanted to upgrade to the DVD version , mistake . The software detects the old version and instructs you to uninstall Version 5 first then reboot and start again . Did that then watched as 480MB of ` Stuff ' was installed , they did n't give me a chance to pick what I wanted , they dumped everything . After they rebooted my system twice I discovered Roxio ICON 's on everything . I tried the software just to find out that the COPY CD function did not work anymore , I wrote it up and e-mailed my issues to Roxio support . The next day I was instructed to 1 . Scan my PC for a VIRUS 2 . Register the program DLL 's with REGSERV32 3 . Re-install the software AFTER I downloaded and run a program to remove the registry entries from Roxio 5 and now 6 . Did all that and then I did a custom install and ONLY selected the DVD/CD burning software and now I can burn and copy a CD/DVD . Because of the installation issues I would not tell anyone to purchase this product , I like my friends .
 I have many other software products that let me work with music creation and collection , so the main reason I bought Easy CD & DVD Creator was for its DVD tools . I have many VHS tapes which are family movie compilations , some dating back to Super 8 days . I was very eager to put these all on DVD for my family.The series of problems I had with this process was simply amazing . The software did n't have fast forward or rewind buttons . Importing often failed even though the movie or sound files were perfectly usable by every other software package on my system . The software crashed numerous times . I tried to move the project onto another system to see if it would be any better , and the move process required me to start again from scratch.I finally got my DVD put together the way I wanted it and started to write . It crashed . I tried to simply write an image to disk . It crashed . The Roxio message boards are full of complaints from people with the same problem . I sent an email to their tech support . No answer . If you call in you pay for a toll call - plus pay $ 35 on top of that in order for them to `` help you '' figure out why their software is crashing.This software should never have been released in the buggy state it is in . It is incredible how much money I have spent for software that has wasted days of my time and simply does not work .
 There are too many kinks in this program to work out . The layout is great , but execution is poorly done . As soon as this was installed on my computer , it crashed . We had to wipe the entire drive because of this . I have n't tested the DVD builder , but as for creating VCDs , it makes it difficult . There were so many problems with this software , that I ca n't even START going into it . For more information on these problems , though , go to www.roxio.com and read their their online support FAQs . Too bad I did n't think of doing that before I bought the software .
 I am a heavy user of older Easy CD Creators . I 've utilized v. 3 & 4 & have sucessfully created hundreds of CDs with them . So after finally setting aside my P2-350 for a nice P4-2 .4 G/1GB RAM w/DVD-RW + R running XP , I was happy to see v. 6 out.Talk about a nightmare ! Two days , 12 reboots , tech support from Roxio with instructions on how to fix it that did n't help ... and back to the store I went for money back which I got with no problem and a sly smile from the clerk . H'mmm ... Avoid this product at all costs ... I find it hard to believe that Roxio released this piece of junk with more bugs than a street light in August .
 I purchased the Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 Platinum Edition in November 2004 , after Microsoft 's SP2 for Windows XP made my Basic 5 version unusable . I 've been exchanging emails with Roxio Technical Support ever since . I can burn a data CD only to a CDR -LRB- for some reason ECDC 6 does not recognize my CDRWs -RRB- . I can not copy a CD using the Disc Copier function . For some reason the ECDC 6 recognizes my burner only through the Creator Classic function.What is wrong with companies these days ? They grab the money and run . Never mind whether the customer gets the functionality they are paying for.I 'll be looking into Nero or Sonic , which I 've heard positive comments from live users.Amazon.com , on the other hand , is one customer-oriented company !
 This version has Audio Central which does not have near the functionality of the old spin doctor . Creating a wav file at 10mb/min is n't worth the upgrade . I just want my mp3 . I 'm going back to 5 .
 Roxio will not copy files from a networked drive properly . You will get the directory tree structure , and the file names entered into the FAT . This leads you to believe you have copied the files you need . But when it comes time to read those files , the come up empty ! This product is nowhere near worth the price they are asking .
 This software in not a measureable improvement on their Basic Roxio 5 . After installing Roxio 6 , I experienced so many problems with my installed software that I had no choice but to abandon the Roxio 6 . To those out there who have Sony software installed , DO NOT ATTEMPT the installation of Roxio 6 . Reading their incompatible guide at their Web site , I 'm amazed that Roxio will run in tandem with any comparable software.I award one star , 'cause the system will not allow a lower rating .
 Nothing but problems , bugs , freeze-ups , and counterproductive slop . If you choose to buy this junk , kiss your cash goodbye and plan on finding something else that actually works . I will never touch a Roxio product again .
 This software was given to me as Christmas gift now I am trying to register it , but ... The TSID -LRB- Technical Support ID -RRB- is not valid and I ca n't update the software -LRB- because it 's not registered -RRB- . I checked roxio.com but all they answered me was no help for me ! Let me give you an advice , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !
 I have used Roxio CD creator 5 for the past year and was very pleased with it . When my husband and I decided to reload our OS I figured we 'd try the next step up . What a mistake ! Version 6 takes forever to install , caused my pc to take forever to perform restarts , and wo n't even open . After uninstalling and reinstalling I still had the same problem . I plan on demanding my money back from Roxio and sticking to good old version 5 . I definitely do not recommend this product . I only wish I had read the reviews here at Amazon and on Roxio 's own website before wasting my time on this software .
 I 've been using version 5 and bought 6 on a year-end sale . Every CD and DVD I 've written with it have ended up with `` verify '' errors -LRB- what is written does not match the source file -LRB- s -RRB- . In one case it was only one mp3 file that was being written , and I did a binary comparison of the original versus cd version . 11 bytes were changed in two different places . I tried again , and the exact same bytes were changed again - certainly not a random error ! With the DVD 's I 've tried , same thing - the copies do n't match the originals . I went back to version 5 , which works fine with exactly the same CD and DVD writers .
 After fighting the install then customer support I managed to get 6.0 install on XP so I wanted to try my ` NEW ' DVD burner . I created a DVD + R and a DVD + RW without a problem but when I told Roxio 6.0 to copy a Data DVD it failed telling me that it could not write to the + RW device . I put a + R disk in and then after another 10 minutes it told me it could not Write to the + R device . I quit trying and sent Roxio the error messages , latter on I rebooted the workstation and then the problems started.Seems 6.0 creates temp files that cross link the file allocation maps and hose your hard drive . I tried running the CHKDSK utility but the damage was to much , FDISK and reload the OS was the fix.I 'm thinking a Class Action would be a means to teach Roxio that they ca n't use the paying public as their private beta test site.I just purchased Nero , installed it and copied a 3.3 GB DVD to a used + RW , it ask me if I wanted to erase the DVD then did without a problem then burned the DVD in 24 minutes -LRB- 2.4 x -RRB- - From the time I installed to the completed burn was 35 minutes , it 's been two weeks with Roxio and I still ca n't burn a copy of a DVD . -LRB- nor do I want to try it ! -RRB-
 After installing the program on my pc running windows xp professional , start up screen would appear but none of the options would run . Trying to contact techical support was a joke . The supplied technical support id number was not recognized by their database so I 'm stuck with no working program and no working support . If I could , I 'd give it a minus 1 star rating .
 I have been using every version of CD Creator since long before Roxio bought out or evolved from Adaptec . Every version has problems . Creator 6 would have problems even if they called it the `` Diamond Version . `` 1 . Slide Show is a joke . First attempt at DVD burning . The advertising is misleading saying you can burn Slide Show DVDs . I do n't think so . When I tried to load just 330 digital photos for a burn , a message came up telling me I could only use 99 photos on a DVD . That is simply laughable . I recommend you immediately download ULead DVD Picture Show 2 if you want to put a gillion shots on a DVD , add music , and watch it on your television .2 . Sound editor is a joke . I tried to edit a couple of mp3s , so I could add them to the Slide Show . The advertising says , `` Powerful editor . '' The fact is it has only basic features . If you want to cut out the intro or the tail end of a song , there is n't even a fade in or fade out edit option . I recommed you immediately download Voyetra 's Audio Surgeon like I did . It worked first time an was extremely easy to use .3 . I have never had a version of CD Creator that did n't crash my system . It 's pretty hard to crash Windows XP , but Roxio manages nearly every time . I used to think it was my old computer , but I just upgraded to a super fast Dell . It still crashes routinely .4 . One good thing to say . It does a pretty good job of buring music CDs and making copies of important disks . In this mode , it makes Windows Media player look very bad.This product needs some work . It also needs humans answering the phone .
 Product did not work . Second time I have submitted a response and no one has contactd me with a resolution . Guess I am just stuck with a faulty product .
 Be extremely careful !!! I have downloaded Hauri 's ViRobot 5.5 a long time ago.About 2 years ago , I switched to a different anti-virus ware since my company bought the site license , I had to remove the ViRobot . I still ca n't remove this darn thing that takes up about 70 MB of my disk . The company staff gave me an incorrect information on the removal.Now lots of complaints are in the net since it has been extremely difficult to remove the software .
 The software works very well , but dealing with the company can be a nightmare .
 I got pcSecurity Shield which uses hauri 's viRobot expert 4.0 . Even though I had all updates regularly , viRobot service running still my laptop got infected by w97M virus . I lost atleast an hour on uninstall and reinstalling . Please stay away from Hauri and PC Security Shield -LRB- using Hauri in their software -RRB- .
 Well , there 's scarcely 10 verbs , many international words in it , like Cola , burgher , a.s.o. . It does n't teach anything about verbs , clauses , mutations , prepositions , and all that silly stuff that make you really able to carry on a conversation and to say what you mean.However , if you want to spend a little time instead of dozing , and do n't pretend to learn a language , there 's nothing better - save , perhaps , crossword puzzles.If you know a bit of Gaelic , the only difficuilt game is telling the time , and it 's the one that teaches you some phrases you can use -LRB- unless you have bad luck and decide to say I was stolen my passport in Scottish Gaelic - better you do n't , anyway you can speak English with cops -RRB- . I admit I said something slightly different in Amazon.co.uk.As a matter of fact , the more I study Scottish Gaelic , the less I appreciate that game.If you want to learn Scottish gaelic , try something else - like Colloquial Scottish , by Kathleen Spadaro et al. .
 I purchased this item so that I could learn Gaelic from a beginner 's perspective . I was thinking that it would start out so that a child could learn the language . It acutally started out speaking paragraphs and quite fast so that I could not understand what was going on right from the beginning . Compared to the Rosetta Stone program I purchased , this one is not worth the money .
 When you listen to Vocabulary Builder Papiamentu , you do not hear the rhythm and lilt of the language . Nor do you get any hints about the grammar of the language . All you hear is individual words pronounced , giving you less information than you can get from reading the newspapers and jokes available over the internet . This package is a translation from some other language , giving plurals of words which are the same as the singular forms -- a real waste of disc space . The words presented include hippopotamus -LRB- not useful -RRB- but not parakeet or kadushi -LRB- cactus -RRB- or funchi -LRB- polenta -RRB- , all useful words on Aruba , Curacao , and Bonaire . Not even the phrase masha danki -LRB- thank you -RRB- is given . This product is a waste of your time , let alone being a waste of the purchase price . If someone offers a CD of Papiamentu songs and conversations and stories , I 'll buy it no matter the price . When I was on Bonaire , I spent a bundle on books and they 're worth the high price demanded of a limited press run . All that 's available from amazon dot com is Haiku in Papiamentu , well worth the price .
 I purchased this software for my daughter . This software is a bit outdated and has compatability issues with Windows XP . It works but not without some tweaking . I 've seen better software produced a few years prior to when this product was released . It does offer some learning for children but very minimal . For how much potential it has it delivers very little .
 I am disappointed because I can not use it . It can not be loaded on Windows XP .
 I do n't know what the previous reviewer did , but I could n't get this to work on the three machines running XP that I tried to install it on . Sounds great , but do n't waste your effort unless you 're feeling energetic .
 In my opinion the product does not work as well as I had hope for .
 LET THE BUYER BEWARE -- This product requires `` activation '' from Nuance and they do n't tell you this until AFTER you bought the product AND installed it . It wo n't work until you activate it and you get FIVE installs and then after that your CD to install is worthless . This means if you change laptops , replace a hard drive , need to reinstall because Windows got corrupted or the copy protection fails , etc. you are screwed . Nuance / ScanSoft also charges $ 20 per `` support incident '' and they are only open Monday through Friday . Email support is onerous too and subject to a charge FIRST before they will answer questions , although they will take all your information down first for marketing purposes . `` Individual users can interact with Nuance Technical Support through a pay per-incident email process . Incidents can be reported by completing the Problem Report Form at a cost of $ 9.95 per incident . '' You also ca n't contact them until you take out an account , and that includes anyone -- and your activation code too . This is a company that does not want to talk to the customer.This is the worst , most reprehensible kind of consumer abuse . Look elsewhere and support other companies . Do n't buy Omnipage , Textbridge , , Via Voice or Dragon NaturallySpeaking because Nuance / Scansoft have begun to take out copy protection issues on the customer . Now I 'm having an impossible time returning it even though I did n't activate the software . DO NOT but this software - do n't say you were n't warned .
 They refused to enable the software to my disabled mother . I was told to fax the UPC code from the bottom of the box in order to get the software operational on my disabled mother 's new computer . Although I successfully faxed the information to them according to the transmission report on the fax machine , they told me they never received it . Phone calls to them resulted in no action . Now my quadripalegic mother can not access anything on her computer . Beware poor customer service !
 Beware of the word `` Most '' . It is advertised as working with most Windows programs . But it will not type text into Internet Explorer or Outlook Express ! Two of the most widely used Windows programs . As a quadriplegic , I have been using almost all versions of Dragon NaturallySpeaking and they have worked fine . When I finally was able to contact technical department , I was told that there was no workaround or fix for this bug . The only thing that you can do is use cut and paste , as I am doing here .
 Since I suffer from repetitive strain injury , I bought Dragon NaturallySpeaking 8 Preferred to save some wear and tear on my arms . At first , it seemed like a promising product , but after using it for a few weeks , I really regret purchasing it . Of course , there are no refunds on software : - -LRB- The actual speech recognition engine is quite good . It generally recognizes correctly the words that I dictate more than 99 % of the time . The problem is with overall software quality . The software has lots of bugs and behaves quite quirkily . It seems to be integrated well with Microsoft Office and Microsoft Internet Explorer , but in other programs it behaves erratically . Sometimes it will recognize what you say but just not insert it . Sometimes it `` loses its place '' and starts typing over things that you previously entered . Often it will recognize your commands , but just ignore them . The behavior is inconsistent , sometimes things work and sometimes they do n't . Further , I have noticed certain applications cause Dragon to freeze for a minute and then crash.The biggest problem I have , however , is that it is impossible to contact anyone at Nuance -LRB- the company that makes Dragon -RRB- without first giving them a credit card number . Yes , incredibly , SUPPORT IS NOT INCLUDED ! -LRB- Actually , ONE free support incident is included . -RRB- Anytime you want to send an email or call technical support , you have to give them a credit card number and they charge you $ 19.95 -LRB- phone -RRB- or $ 9.95 -LRB- email -RRB- per `` incident '' . After paying $ 149 for the software , it is really quite maddening that they have the gall to charge you for every support call . I can understand charging users to ask questions about usability or installation , but why does Nuance not provide any way for users to report obvious bugs in their software ? I do n't think any software company should charge users to contact technical support to report bugs , in fact , they should encourage it.Finally , like most software , Dragon has a `` check for updates '' feature that will look for new versions of the software on the Nuance server . Unfortunately , Dragon 's updater lists `` updates '' that are actually marketing offers to try to sell you completely unrelated software.CONCLUSION
 I have to say that I am quite disappointed with Dragon Naturally Speaking 8 preferred . I have a very clear voice and I have `` trained '' the program extensively , but it still makes many mistakes . Sometimes , these mistakes make it difficult to figure out what I meant when I was dictating.Worse , I bought the Olympus DS-2 digital voice recorder as was recommended by Dragon -LRB- Scansoft -RRB- . I 've experimented , again extensively , with the settings and so forth with terrible results . If I use the recorder , the mistakes are much more numerous and worse than if I use the direct microphone.What really aggravates me though is Scansoft 's `` customer service '' . They so much as told me , in these words , that if I had already purchased the program , I would need to pay for tech support.The upshot is that this program does not fulfill the dream of speaking your papers , letters , etc. into the computer . Instead , so much time is needed to edit the final product that it renders the entire project a waste of time and money.I ca n't say that there is something better on the market , but this product does not do what it claims .
 I love what the possibilities are with this software but the truth is that even with a 2.66 processor , 2 gigs of ram with xp pro the system became sluggish - some programs were very incompatible and also locked up the entire system .
 You read so many reviews on this product and think , `` wow this will be great for my needs '' . The truth is that if you are using it to type meeting minutes , it 's no good . I picks up so much backround noise , any little thing , and then it types the wrong words and strange phrases . If you are looking to dictate in a really quiet place then this is a good product for you but , it 's a no go for meetings minutes .
 What makes it so bad ? It takes a bunch of your time before you realize its a `` no go . '' So you are out much more than the original cost ... I try Dragon every few years to see if it is finally living up to its promise . In the past , I have just been disappointed with its accuracy . This time , it installed and seemed to work for a few weeks before telling me it had become `` corrupted '' and would not reinstall . So I have wasted all the time I have spent `` training '' the program . Tech support was its usual additional waste of time , and a long distance phone call . Order this only if you consider your time of little value ...
 Perhaps the most non-functional software I have ever purchased . While it 's voice recognition seems to work just fine the command interface does not work at all . Biggest failure is the `` Press Key '' command . `` Press Enter '' for example just puts those words in as text and the enter key is never pressed . Each time the software is used it seems to lose more functionality . Things that sometimes worked when first installed now do not work at all . This is a product that should be avoided unless you like to just throw money away . If you feel a need to do just that , go ahead and buy `` NaturallySpeaking 8 Preferred '' but do not install it . You have been warned .
 Many problems with the voice recognition.Plenty of mistakes , takes too much time to correct the wrong words -LRB- which can be way off -RRB- . The customer service is lacking quality . I do not recommend this product .
 The quality is amazingly low no matter how you look at it . The headset that comes with it is absolutely the best part of the package . I strongly suggest that if you really must buy this product , then throw away the headset and buy the highest quality headset that you can afford . This should increase the accuracy . After hours and hours of `` training '' I have the accuracy up to about 50 % . I believe that it is this high because I endlessly fiddled around with the settings for the best possible sound levels . Around here it is very quiet , but any background noise messes this program up big time . I bought this program believing that over the years the program would run smoother and be extremely accurate . DO NOT buy any versions of this product where you can not go into the `` dictionary '' and edit the words . I can not tell you how aggrevating it can be to have the stupid program insist on putting in the wrong word and it actually training itself to be more inaccurate each time you say the word ! I had my daughter and her friend try the program out hoping that the accuracy would improve thinking that perhaps it was just me , but hours of training and we had the same results . Since I had to buy a new headset -LRB- and trust me , it is very hard to find one as cheap as the one that comes with the product -RRB- , at least I have all the other programs working perfectly and beautifully ! I rate this product zero stars simply because the software seems to be loosing quality over the years and in my mind it ought to be improving quality and lowering its memory footprint in order to earn any stars . Amazon forces you to give it at least a one star rating , but really , with this low accuracy , I believe it falls into the category of `` it simply does not work '' at least not as advertised .
 I read all the reviews that say it was great . I had no problem loading the product . I went through the training.Do not be fooled this product does not work.Maybe you have to talk for a 100 + hours I do n't know , but if you think in a couple of hours this will work , think again.I do n't know where everyone else lives that bought this product and said it worked , they can not be from Massachusetts.I could not get this product to even type Hi , it would type i.It could not get the simple words , forget about the tough or long words . I have been through Toastmasters and speech classes so I have learned how to pronounce my `` R '' 's and speak so I can be understood .
 As of today -LRB- 12/14/2004 -RRB- DNS 8 is NOT ready for distribution . There are simply too many problems . It may install for you and it may not install . If it does install , great -- rumor has that it works well . If it does not install ... well , you 're on your own . There is n't any real support , and the product has not been out long enough to get a lot of assistance from the online community.Some day it might be a `` must have , '' but today I 'd have to rate it a `` do n't bother . ''
 it works most of the time . but it did not work good enough for the money . I payed for the program it needs some more work , but I think in the future . They 'll fix the problem but until then , all work with it . but I got no hard feelings I 'll try again to buy new one in about a year or two it may work better
 DNS has always been promising and always falls short of its promise in practice . I have a powerful machine , lots of memory , and it still freezes up on me . It often fails to recognize commands in MS Word 2003 , although it does better in its own Dragon Pad ; it looks like it was n't really adapted to Word 2003 . Tech support is terrible . DNS 8 is supposed to be much more accurate than 7 , but I have n't found it so . Save your money .
 I have bought two versions of this Naturally Spaeking 7 and 8 and have been really angry at this company . I tried version 7 and when it did work it recognized my speech well . However , the computer freezes often and causes all sorts of incompatibility issues with Xp service packs and . Net environments . This is not microsoft 's fault , it is Scansoft 's problem . So I tried version 8 which supposedly was to be improved . Again the same issues . Why do I keep trying ? Because it is a very attractive theoretical device for me and others to be hands free while dictating text . Especially if you are a physician who does this alot . However , when i tried to contact their tech support , you have to pay all sorts . It is terrible . I believe companies that make you pay for there problems lacks business integrity . They are cheap crooks . Make your product better . Why does Dell , Apple , Microsoft have such good tech supprot ? Because they are real corporations . It is up to us to control the industry ethics as consumers and that means refusing to buy products that cheat us , no matter how attractive they may be . That is the lesson I have learned . Read the problems people have been having with this software and you will see what I mean . It is inconsistent to users in installation problems , usage and everyone who has had a problem states how terrible there support is . There is none and the web support stinks as well .
 I was never able to calibrate this product to my voice -- I do not have an overly high pitched voice , but the volume was not enough to calibrate and make the product ready to use . It needs an amplifier . So it obviously is not tested with enough women . This is similar to many of the voice recorders on the market that you install and get the volume set to match your voice.It was a waste of money -- other men I know used it with absolutely no problem , or deeper voiced women . again , poor product testing -- obviously mostly on men . Women buy these products too , and Scansoft or whoever owns the company needs to suck it up and make this stuff work for the whole population . OR say MEN or DEEPER VOICES ONLY on their boxes and marketing collateral .
 Mediocre at best . The first time I used this software was a few versions back - and it was positively worthless . But when I saw that at least three upgrades had been made , I figured the improvement would be huge . In reality , the improvement was noticible , but just barely.My biggest complaint
 I just bought the software and am in the process of training it using the texts provided . So far the software is learning to recorgnize my voice and speach patterns quite well and with few errors . Training the software is time consuming and boring , but I see it as a necessary evil to achieve the coveted 99 % accuracy rate that it promises . BUT the HEADPHONE IS GARBAGE . The part that goas over your head is made of very hard , rigid plastic and its width is not adjustable . This means that my head is being SQUEEZED AS IF BY A NUTCRACKER . I do not have an unusually large head and I am not a mutant cone head . This headphone was not designed for normal humans in mind . It seems that they wanted to save a few pennies on the extra inch of plastic that would have been needed to make this headphone fit properly , or the product testers used a microcephallic dwarf to test their headphone . I am not sure if anyone else got this sorry excuse for a headphone in their package but I am P.offed that I am going to have to go buy another one just so I can use the software .
 When you read the other reviews preceding this one , you might think , finally , I can record my own music simply and inexpensively . This is not the case.I have worked with two other hardware / digital recording programs and this is by far the worse . Our Mac got fried , so we bought a PC . For Xmas , I received this present , which came highly recommended from internet peer review . As the saying goes , if it 's too good to be true , it probably is.First of all , the software is garbage . I have Rift-works 6 Edition . The program is not intuitive . Not many feature come with the initial purchase and you have hidden fees to get sufficient product to actually rival other recording software . Many common sense features are missing as compared to Garage Band , and the update system is total rubbish . Today , I recorded a song on the program only to discover that the darn thing had been running in demo mode the entire session because an update was not installed . I could not save the song and had to scrap it in order to update the program . Total , unbelievable garbage . Not only is this product vastly inferior than its competitors in both tools available and the asinine complexity of the program design , but its a waste of time to use.Please , if you are thinking about getting this product , just do yourself a favor
 unlike peter anderson i have not been able to get the guitar port and rifftracker to work together , i am sure its something simple , but since i can get no support from line 6 or its forums . i feel i was gyped on riffworks . the guitar port works fine . i would recommand it . but do not waste your time and money on riff works . you can hook it up to your guitar amp , go to radio shack , explain what you want to do and the have the connectors .
 Adobe promised big things for inDesign . They delivered on most all of them . Unfortunately , in their desire to make this program all things to all people compatible , they made it slow loading and cumbersome to work with . Even a two or three page document can take many seconds to load . Stick with Quark XPress until Adobe can get this one right . Or , if you absolutely must , stick with PageMaker .
 I 've used ATM Deluxe since it first appeared . It was great under OS 9 . But Adobe decided not to update it for use with OS X , and under Classic in OS X it 's a dud . If I 'm in Classic and want to add or remove fonts , ATM runs so slowly as to be virtually useless . Luckily , my G4 can be rebooted in OS 9 native , so that 's what I do to make Classic font changes.ATM also slows the opening of my Classic environment . It takes about one minute for Classic to initialize with ATM Deluxe activated.I 've had more trouble over the years with ATM Deluxe and/or Type Reunion . From time to time one or the other becomes corrupted and wreaks havoc with my computer 's entire performance . Reinstalling is the only solution.Unfortunately , there are few alternatives to ATM in Classic.Mac G4 867 MB , 1 GB RAM , OS X 10.3.9 , OS 9.2.2 .
 I 've owned several of the earlier versions of S&T ; including 2007 and have used them extensively on road trips throughout the Western US . While my previous reviews have had issues with S&T ; I still really like S&T. ; I just wish that the development team owned cars and tried their product.Then along comes 2008 with Connected Services . I tried it out in the San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles . The traffic information is completely unreliable . I was stuck in stop and go traffic in green zones in S&T. ; A zone is a traffic direction on each side of a freeway on the map . The red and yellow zones rarely show at all . Instead you have to guess what may be happening when there is a gap in a green zone . Is it supposed to be red , yellow , or no data ? So the strategy is to look out the window and figure it out as you drive along . That may sound similar to what you do now without S&T ; CS.The incident markers are consistently outdated . Rarely is there any sign that an accident ever occurred there . Do n't bother re-routing away from accidents because so far they do n't exist and usually traffic is flowing as well as could be expected for the time of day.The GPS unit is a pain and loses the connection somewhat frequently , like twice in a six hour drive or more . The 2007 model is much more reliable and I 've switched back to that unit except when I want to test my humor . Hint
 Not only am I a gadget addict , I have a GPS jones as well . It all started with a Magellan RoadMate , then a Magellan Maestro 4040 , then a Verizon Navigator on my LG VX 9900 cell phone , then Microsoft Street & Trips 2007 GPS , on to S&T ; 2008 with Connected Services , and on to a Tom Tom , and lastly to a DeLorme Earthmate GPS BT-20 for my Gateway laptop with a 17 '' screen.For quick and easy across town , Navigator is a good bet . I 've got the phone with me most always anyway , so it is very easy to use it for short trips.For long trips , DeLorme is hands-down my favorite . For one thing , the maps are ACCURATE . Not so with the Microsoft product.When you zoom down very close to the weeds with Microsoft , the streets flat disappear ! My Maryland house , my mother 's Connecticut house , my sister-in-law 's in Georgia , all are not on the Microsoft maps . S&T ; brings me close , sort of in the vicinity , a street or two away , then says brightly , `` You 've arrived ! `` This is OK when going to my own house , of course -LRB- what better way to test a map than see if it can find a place you already know -RRB- ; however , if it ca n't find your house , how can you rely on S&T ; to find somebody else 's ? The other real drawback of Microsoft S&T ; , though mapping inaccuracies are big problems , is its GPS device . The S&T ; software fails to detect it too often to make it practical . I have tried resetting it numerous times , but the button is extremely small , and difficult to get to . Plus the device has to be plugged into three cord/adapters which makes it seem very slapdash , thrown together who cares about the customer fashion.I like the Magellan Maestro , for longer trips when I 'm travelling alone , but when I have a `` co-pilot '' using a strong mapping program combined with a solid GPS device and a -LRB- comparatively -RRB- big laptop screen and fat memory I really prefer the DeLorme Earthmate product .
 On a two thousand mile trip I was not once able to use the Connected Services . Basically I would say it is worthless .
 Microsoft Streets and Trips is a very good product , but i can see no difference in 2008 than in 2007 , and as far as the msn direct it is worthless unless you are right in their coverage area , and unless you travel a lot in their area what is the point . .
 Our corporation tried installing this software on a variety of operating systems that it claims to support and all we ever get is an error that says `` class does not support automation '' and it quits . We go to the web site listed on the CD , www.typingtutor.com looking for a patch or update and just get routed to Simon and Schuesters main page , no patches , no support , no way for us to even use this product .
 I tried trying Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing v15 and was very dissatified . -LRB- Worst user interfaces I 've ever encountered and had some serious problems that made it unusable . -RRB- I thought I 'd give TT12 a try . I was pleased to see that the software ran on both PCs that I have tried , but was once again dismayed with a very poor user interface . I guess it serves its purpose , but the attempt to present a non-traditional UI instead of sticking with a more classic Windows approach fails miserably . The application does n't appear on the Windows Task Bar and you can forget switching between this application and other applications . Because it is n't a real Windows application , it seems to want to be the only application running . -LRB- Why is it that everybody producing typing tutors feel the need to not use standard Windows UI 's ? -RRB- On my laptop , there are some problems wherein the lists of lessons , finger indicator images and buttons are drawn in the correct place on the screen.I 'd have given it one star if I could have given Mavis Beacon less than one .
 I specifically bought TT12 because of the other reviews and because it supported the Dvorak layout keyboard . I guess I was one version too late . Typing Tutor 12 has dropped the Dvorak option -LRB- like Mavis did -RRB- . What a waste of time and money.I have emailed Simon & Schuster to see if they have a solution.I will post the results .
 I wasted my money . The cd was not advanced enough for my computer , my fault . Next time I wo n't purchase if the details are not supplied .
 I did not like this product . It was very particular -LRB- you accidently hit the space bar twice and you have to correct it or it counts everything after that as an error -RRB- . Not only does this slow you down , but it ill-prepares you for official typing tests -LRB- i.e. at college or a career center -RRB- where you ignore your mistakes and keep going -LRB- which is how you are supposed to type ; you should not edit until you are finished -RRB- . Also , there were some errors in the program itself -LRB- i.e. four spaces between words -RRB- and you 'd really lose a lot of time trying to figure out what you were doing wrong . A few times the program made you type a letter `` doubbble '' or more before it would register . -LRB- Mistake intentional to show what I 'm describing -RRB- .
 TaxCut 's website -LRB- their telephone customer service was non-existent on this date - hung-up on me twice without every getting a person -RRB- is not helpful with this problem . While telephone customer service might be expected to be inundated with calls on the last day for filing - you 'd think installation problems would be thorougly documented by the end of tax season for PC 's running Windows XP . NOT the case . And if you 're encountering this on the last day , try rebooting your Windows XP system , pressing F8 while it 's booting to restart in Safe Mode with Networking Option and then proceed with the install . I found this tip on another site and it worked for me . The font and Flash upgrades mentioned with this problem in other threads hear on Amazon - did n't help me.Also after you 've completed the return - you wo n't be able to submit it or print other than in draft form until you upgrade Taxcut - which I was n't able to do within the program . I had to exit , go to the website , and download directly from their website . I found the website using Google and searching by Taxcut upgrade . Once the install upgrade was run and I reopened Taxcut it allowed me to print the final version of my tax return . I did n't want to attempt the online return and the print out was manageable for both federal and state and a lot cheaper mailing even at the two ounce rate than paying $ 15.95 . Hope this helps someone today .
 I got the hang on the 21 % and all they could tell me at tech support is to shut down extra services . Well the only services I had running was the security services -LRB- firewall and antivirus -RRB- . As an experiment I tried loading it on two computers set up identically . On one I shut down the antivirus and on the other I shut down the firewall . Neither would install . So I shut down both on both computers and it installed perfectly on both . I cant believe that they want you to shut down security in order to install . Makes me wonder . . `` What are they hiding that they dont want me to know about '' . I checked adaware and a registry cleaner and even ran my AV again and found nothing but still ... It makes you wonder . Also the layout is very poor , so buggy they have many , MANY patches and updates . Will not print forms correctly and want to charge you fees to e-file when it is free from the governments . They just want more money.In my opinion ... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CRAP . BY THE TIME YOU WASTE YOUR MONEY ON GETTING THIS TO WORK , YOU CAN GET A PROFESSIONAL TO DO IT FOR YOU FOR LESS .
 Wo n't install without flash . Fails to let the user know what 's going on . Junk.For a computer secure enough to do things like taxes on , it 's not really acceptable to require or run a bunch of superfluous crap like shock wave/flash . I 'm doing taxes , not watching commercials , videos or movies . Unacceptable .
 TaxCut did not warn me that I needed to fill out additional forms required for taking the exemption for a qualified child , nor did it lead me through the Schedule C like TurboTax does . TurboTax may be more expensive , but it 's well worth it to save the headaches that this program caused . If you have complicated tax forms or unusual tax situations -LRB- or prefer an intuitive program , rather than something that makes you say `` What am I supposed to do next ??? '' -RRB- stick with TurboTax .
 This program has a bug in processing 1099-R data that makes the whole software package useless to me . After filling in the data from my 2005 1099-R form , the program informed me that these monies were taxable in 2003 not 2005 , and that these data would not be included in my 2005 return . I could not find a way overide this problem . Also , there was no apparent way to directly contact H&R Block to find out how to fix it . After wasting a couple of hours I now have to trash the taxcut software and spend more money to purchase turbo-tax , which from prior years experience is relatively bug free .
 Taxcut Standard hangs at 26 % installation on the file mmvdpro.swf . I have Windows XP SP2 and tried to install in safe mode with no luck . I installed Macromedia Flash Player since this is a Flash file and still had no luck . I noticed reviews on the Deluxe had problems on the same file at 21 % . I went to the Taxcut web page and found no help . I emailed Taxcut and they did not have an informed response , only to turn off all running software which seems to be the standard response for all nonresponsive software installs no matter what the error is . I do not believe they know what the problem is since they could not or would not explain why this particular file hangs .
 I believe Taxcut is a poorly written program because it requires the individual to make the calculations -LRB- or enlist the aid of H&R ; Block -RRB- , rather than enable the computer to make the calculations.I volunteer to do taxes as a part of an AARP program every year . Part of my qualifications involves filling out practice tax returns . One of my practice tax returns involved an individual with a pension 1099R which she had paid into . These type of pensions require that I subtract a portion of her pension based on how long she had received her pension , her age , and other factors . Part of her pension would be taxed and part of it would n't . All the information I needed was provided . When I got to this portion of the tax , Taxcut stated that I need to figure the taxable amount and then it referred me to various IRS publications . I believe this should have been part of the program .
 The software seized up and ca n't be closed when you tried to do the update - same thing if you tried to register.The program wo n't do capital gains and loses . I sold some mutual fund and it wo n't let me enter the capital loss.You ca n't complete your tax return unless you get the update.Going to their website did n't help either . Their link does n't send you to a working page so you ca n't download the update.So you 're stuk . Since my tax return is so simple , I 'm gon na check around and see what other software is available .
 I bought this hoping to do my taxes in January , but regret making the purchase . The bugs and annoyances with the software make it non-functional in many respects and a waste of time to try to correct . I 'll try to enumerate my qualms below , which should tell my story :1 . The software is incomplete out of the box . You wo n't be able to complete your return until after you download updates -LRB- it appears they were in a rush to get the software to market before tax time and the product 's completion -RRB- .2 . The option to update is on what seems like every other screen , and the fact that you have to choose `` update later '' to move on -LRB- even after you just updated -RRB- makes the user interface pretty clunky and counter-intuitive . This may be a minor gripe , but it all adds up .3 . You are hounded several times throughout the process to upgrade or buy extra services . Why does software I purchase try to sell me more software ?!? 4 . One of the up-sells is actually the opportunity to e-file -LRB- which you can do for free elsewhere -RRB- . The federal and state e-file cost you $ 15 apiece , so be ready to fork out another $ 30 on top of the purchase price , or print your forms and snail mail them .5 . The forms do n't actually print correctly if you want to mail them . There are missing sections of single pages on both the federal and state forms which means you either have to give H&R ; Block another $ 30 to e-file as a reward for their buggy software , or seek tech support .6 . Tech support may as well not exist . I called 4 times total , usually hanging up because of hold times . On my forth call , I decided to wait it out and discovered that they had me wait on hold for literally an hour before someone answered . Their timing was pretty perfect , though , because the hold time was just long enough for my cordless phone to run out of battery power and hang up , leaving me without a solution to my problem , and little desire to wait on hold again.I urge you not to buy this software ! Go for TurboTax instead .
 I 've been using TaxCut Since 2001 and have never been really happy with it , but every year something happens that is annoying and I finally think it is time to move on . One year , due to buggy programming it SKIPPED my entire IRA interview so I made an error on my taxes and ended up having to pay an additional $ 900 plus a penalty . The HUGE amount of work required to prove this error to take advantage of the `` Guarantee '' is a joke and not worth the time . I have learned that you can never never just rely on the interviews and that they often are n't phrased clearly enough so you do n't know really where you are in the return . I have complicated taxes , so I really need things to be logically and clearly spelled out.This year 's nightmare came when after I printed out a draft , I found that the file had been corrupted and all my information had to be re-entered ! I 'm not sure what the hell happened but I just could n't get the data file open and I ran out of time.Also , do n't expect the State Returns to be all that helpful , they force you to do alot of your own calculations , and I often had no idea what I was really doing because there was n't much explanation . Scary.Next year , I 'm trying TurboTax !
 This product is not as user friendly as the competative product , Turbo Tax that I have used for the past 5 years . I also found that when I sent my taxes in I was told that the figure that Tax Cut had arrived at was wrong and I owed money . Technical Staff at Tax Cut were not available in a timely manner , and some three months after the tax deadline finally told me that they do not calculate the bottom line tax due in the same way that the Federal and State Governments do and rounding errors can occur . What do you buy this product for but to get it right the first time !
 I had an issue with the error checker finding copy number problems when none existed . Online support told me to delete the forms and re-enter , which did not solve the problem . They kept cutting and pasting some verbiage that had nothing to do with my problem , insisting I try that . In the end I gave up after three separate sessions and ignored the warning . Online support resources were very thin , The online chat seemed good at first but could not go past standard cut and paste responses.Also , the interview was hard to re-enter after exiting to forms sometimes . Plus going back in the interview often jumped to the beginning of the section instead of one page back .
 I am not happy . I just completed my 2005 taxes using Taxcut , after spending 5 hours needlessly - hand entering my cap gains -LRB- basis , dates , etc. -RRB- info . Taxcut does n't support imports from comma delimited files , and Fidelity -LRB- my broker -RRB- tells me they declined to support their export service . I am VERY suspicious this is collusion with Microsoft and Gainskeeper which , for # 49.95 a year -LRB- less than 100 trades - $ 149 for more -RRB- , would enable this import . Although I have been a Taxcut customer for 10 years , unless this is corrected next year , I will be going to Turbo Tax -LRB- which supports the direct Fidelity imports -RRB- .
 First I will talk about the bug , then I will relate my tech support experience.On the New Jersey Non-Resident form there is a bug on line 14 where there is Column A , for your income everywhere , and Column B for your NJ income . According to the instructions for this form that are provided by the state , if all of your income was in NJ , you put the NJ income from your W-2 in Column A - NOT THE FEDERAL AMOUNT . -LRB- I called the NJ Tax office and was told the same thing . -RRB- The software puts in the Federal Amount which is less than the NJ amount therefore calculating your taxes wrong . There is a way to override it and put in the correct number . You have to go to one of the drop down menus on top and find the `` forms '' . Click on that , then open the form you are working on . Go to the line/box you want to override then right click and click override then put in the right number . BUT , beware , if you put in the wrong number the guarantee that H&R ; Block has if your taxes are calculated wrong will be null and void . If you make a change and are eligible for credit for these taxes in your home state , make sure to then put the correct number in the other states form as well.Also , one minor bug in the NY state form . I live in Kings County . It actually prints King County on the form.As for technical support , I first tried the online chat . It seemed at first that the problem was clear to the person helping me . After 15 minutes of waiting he came back and said it was right . I told him what the instructions said and he responded by telling me he was not a tax advisor . I reiterated that it was a bug and not a tax issue . He went to `` research '' it again and came back with some nonsense about efiling . I said it had nothing to do with that . Unfortunately I accidentally closed the window as he started to tell me about the guarantee . So , I called the next day to speak with someone . She told me I had to start a new form separately from my other forms . I tried this but I would only let me put my income in as other income , thereby bypassing all the necessary calculations and write off sections on the form . So , I called again . This person started off with saying he is not a tax advisor , but I got him to actually do some work . He used some numbers and went through the process step by step . Finally the lightbulb went off and he saw the problem . He disappeared for about 5 minutes then came back saying that there was nothing he could do to help since he is not a programmer . He offered to transfer me to a supervisor which he did . The supervisor told me he would report the bug and that no more fixes would be out this year . He then told me how to override the amount , but informed me of the issue with the guarantee being invalidated.Other than these problems it was smooth , but I am somewhat concerned that there are other problems I did not catch . Good Luck .
 I used TaxCut for this first time this year -LRB- 2005 tax year -RRB- . I had been using TurboTax for several years , but I got upset about the way TurboTax pricing and features kept moving up the product line . I had to spend more money every year for the same functionality . Well , it turns out that TurboTax is worth the extra bucks . It is a much better quality product and worth the extra cash.My problems with TaxCut are : - Limited online help . Their help was n't useful at all . - Kept asking me to type in values from my 2004 tax return even though the program had imported my old files . The program should n't ask me for values it had read in off the disk . - Did not correctly handle stock options . My employer added the proceeds to my W-2 , but there was no way to indicate this in the software . - Online chat and person-to-person phoen support is weak . The folks I interfaced with did n't have a clue how to help me with the stock options stuff . - T2 technical support , the next-level after the folks who answer the phones , does not work weekends - not even the last weekend before tax deadline ! They told me , `` You 'll have to call back on Monday . `` I went to the store yesterday and bought TurboTax premium . The change was refreshing . It took me under an hour to manually transfer the TaxCut numbers into TurboTax . The interview questions were better and the stock option support was right on . Plus their deduction finder actually reminded me of some things I had forgotten . The software paid for itself 5 times over by the amount it increased my refund . Go TurboTax !
 There was a bug in the Maryland interview questions for partial-resident returns . Even if you entered in that you were only a Maryland resident for the beginning part of the year , it prompted you to specify which MARYLAND county you lived in on 12/31/2006 . In the end , you just had to put in the county you lived in regardless of whether or not you were still living there at the end of the year.How did I figure this out ? I played around with my answers , printed out the resulting forms , waded through all the paper , and through experimentation figured out the answer.Before doing this , I tried to call customer service . The first time , after being rerouted and put back into queue 3 times and hung up on once , I finally made contact and was told that my case was being escalated . I was given a case number and was told that I would be contacted in 48 business hours . Two weeks later , no reply , no messages , nothing . I tried calling again , and I was again rerouted and spoke with TWO representatives that were clueless about what a case number was ; each time I had to re-explain my case . I was finally transfered to a `` senior technical representative '' who basically said he would call me back because when I attempted to open up my tax return , I received an exception error pop-up that I never saw before and it required me reinstall my state software . I left work early to be home when he was supposed to call two days later ... only he never called . I waited and then I called twice , and two lower representatives both told me that they would have the senior rep call me back . Only , I never got a call back . The final call I made was at 8pm central time ... only I got a recorded message this time telling me to call back at their normal business hours ... which was until 10pm central time . A few days later I received an email , with no reply address , stating that I needed to update my state software ... which was not the case because I already had and when I attempted to again , I was informed through the program that no more updates were available.After getting fed up with the phone calls , I waited a day to cool off and tried the online help through their website . This was no good either ... As I was trying to explain my bug with the Maryland state interview questions , I was told that , `` My apologies , but TaxCut has no bugs . '' The representative then disregarded my issue , instead repeatedly giving me instructions on how to efile my state returns -LRB- which was not my issue at all and I was clueless as to why she kept trying to explain this -RRB- . I then asked a question about a federal worksheet form that I needed to include on my other state return that was mentioned on the final checklist provided by TaxCut ... again , no answer . Even if they COULD clarify which form they were referring to in their checklist , I would n't be able to use the taxcut forms because I efiled my federal form , and when you do that , you ca n't print out anything except forms that say `` not for filing '' on it ... and they said I should n't send those in ... After about 4 representatives were dropped from the conversation due to technical difficulties , and about 2 hours later , I was told to call the IRS number at 1-800-829-1040 , which I could have looked up . So , was I helped ? No . Hopefully , the IRS ppl will be able to help me.I filed with TurboTax last year -LRB- wonderful program by the way ... I filed in under 2 hours tops last year -RRB- , and they allowed me to save my returns in pdf versions to print out wherever I wanted to . Taxcut does n't allow you to do that . I do n't have a printer at home . So , what I did was install a postscript printer driver , printed to file , and opened up the postscript versions on my work computer to print them out . This seemed pretty round about , considering that pdfs are so user-friendly . To sum up : - TaxCut is n't so good with partial-resident returns . - TaxCut customer service is unhelpful and unreliable . - TaxCut does n't allow you to print in pdfs . - USE TurboTax ! That 's what I 'll be going back to next year .
 As mentioned previously , do not forget to manually adjust schedule C to add your inventory levels to complete the cost of goods section . The phone support disconnected me , and online chat went round and round with me until I was convinced they had no idea what they were talking about . I used TurboTax last year , our first year of business , and their program prompted me on that issue , thankfully . I stood to lose $ 1000 of refund without it !
 Well , I will never buy another H&R ; Block product after today 's experience . TaxCut worked fine until I completed my returns . When I came to the Filing stage , I wanted to save printer images of my tax returns to files . I planned to move these files to another computer and print them there , in addition to saving the PDF images on the original computer.Although TaxCut does not document a way to route the printer image to a file , rather than a printer , I researched the issue on the Internet last night and found one other person who said that TaxCut 's technical support staff told them how to get a converter , whose output was a file containing a PDF image of the tax return . Unfortunately , they did n't provide the name of the converter or how to get hold of it.So I called TaxCut Customer Support this morning and described what I wanted to do . Twenty-five minutes later , I had no answer , but the very nice lady transferred me to `` Online Support '' and said they would be able to help me . This turned out to be the 800 number for the Online version of TaxCut . Wending my way through its voicemail maze , I eventually reached a recording that told me to dial the 800 number for the Software version of TaxCut for technical assistance - this was the number I had just been transferred from!I called the original 800 number back and got a new , also very nice , lady . This time , my call was disconnected immediately after I described my issue and gave her my name.I tried again this afternoon . After I spent 45 minutes of unfruitful conversation with an agent , he put a supervisor , Amy , on the line . She told me that what I wanted to do was possible , but undocumented , and that she and others in her office did it all the time - for instance , she did this on her computer at home . But , she said , giving me the answer did not fall within the limits of her job responsibility . She and the previous agent were not only unhelpful , but antagonistic.I was friendly and polite to everyone until about 30 seconds after Amy had hung up on me , when I realized I was talking to a dead line.I do n't blame the individual agents for what happened ; what happened is more likely a pervasive problem caused by poor management.While searching for a solution to my problem , I 've found two other things worth noting : - TurboTax offers a specific menu selection to save the printer image to a file ; - taxes.lifetips.com offers tips for filing your taxes , `` Brought to you by TaxCut from H&R ; Block '' , and specifically advises to `` remember to save a PDF version of your completed return to your computer hard drive '' .
 If you have stock options -LRB- ISO , nonqual -RRB- or employee stock purchase to report , stay away from TaxCut 2005 . The Premium & State version asks you the questionnaire , but no dollar amounts . It merely gives you advice on what the tax scenario could be but does not compute the numbers . The next section after you are done entering the stock option information is one which asks you to enter 1099-B information . None of the previous information is carried forward . TaxCut relies on you to do the computation your way and enter the numbers once again . This makes me wonder , why I am spending my time and money on this software if I have to do the computation and understand the tax implications on my own.I called up customer service - the rep did not seem to have any clue on how taxes are done . All what he did what escalated the ticket to the software development group -LRB- still waiting for their response -RRB- . Next , I called H&R ; block to see if they could answer . As it turns out , most H&R ; block representatives are hardly comfortable using the computer . They do NOT use TaxCut - instead they have a different tax software . The representative was also not aware of how data could be imported from my TaxCut into their software.I have not used TurboTax yet , but I doubt if I will ever use TaxCut again .
 The program has many limitations . For example , it does not handle filing foor several states well . For some states , it does not provide the non-resident option . Worse , the information about the limitations of the state programs is not readily available . I found it out first after coughing up an extra $ 20 for an additional state . Knowing how difficult it is to get support from them , I did not even try to get the money refunded . Now that bring us to the other point . Technical support is almost inexistant . That is even with email . It is difficult and confusing to figure out how to contact them . When you finally , find the right form for email support , it takes a few days for them to answer . I sent 5 emails before I got one answered -LRB- to ask about state programs . -RRB- Another disturbing fact with this software is that it does not honor the pledge for providing `` free electronic filing '' for low income filers . Electronic filing does not work unless you pay the full amount.The only reason I keep buying it is to save time importing data from previous years .
 If you want to import information from your financial institution do n't buy TaxCut this year . I used it last year to import information from my Fidelity Investments and American Century accounts and was really pleased because it saved me a lot of time . I purchased it this year expecting that it would continue to have that feature . When I could n't figure out how to do it , I call Fidelity and they gave me the bad news . Still not convinced , I wrote an email to TaxCut -LRB- H & R Block -RRB- customer support and they wrote back saying that I would have to do it manually . They did n't even apologize . Now I am stuck having to enter 27 pages of stock and mutual fund transactions by hand or trash everything I have already done and buy TurboTax and start over . What they have done is deceptive at best . Who knows what other features they will decide to remove next year ? Your best bet is to stay away from any of their software now and in the future .
 I identifed an apparent error in the program - the program appears to calculate lines 12 & 13 in the State of MA return incorrectly -LRB- relating to dependents & dependent care -RRB- . I waited almost 2 weeks to even get a response from H&R Block customer service -LRB- they promise a response in 48 hours -RRB- and the response I got did n't address the issue . They do n't seem concerned about a potential program error that may cause any MA return with child care entries to be wrong . Very disappointing .
 I have been using Taxcut for about 10 years and always very satisfied before . However , this year I found the CA Part year Resident software to have several flaws and next year I will be switching to Turbo Tax . I found that the CA software did not carry forward , or ask me what share of my pension should be taxed in CA . this would have resulted in a significant under reporting of my taxable income to CA . subsequently I pulled down the CA instructions from CA and checked everything manually . I also discovered that the format shown online was not the format the part year form printed in . I submitted my taxes on January 31 , so it could be that HR Block corrected these problems later , but ... One additional note
 Unfortunately most of us are stuck with either TurboTax or TaxCut ! I switched to TaxCut this year from TurboTax . Last year I had to boot up in safe mode to install AND run TurboTax . So I thought I 'd give TaxCut a try this year . Low and behold I got the dreaded 21 % hang while trying to load the mmvdpro.swf file . I had to boot up into safe mode again this year to install TaxCut . However , I was able to run TaxCut from normal boot , so a little improvement.Once installed TaxCut imported my TurboTax file and everything seemed to work smoothly . As TurboTax did last year . I 'm not sure what these companies are doing with their software builds as the Tax software are the only programs I have installation problems with.Now , I just have to wait until I get the latest TaxCut updates -LRB- due in mid Feb -RRB- to submit my return .
 It does not run under NT , this is not what is stated in the product description
 How can a product claiming to have `` all the forms you need to file Schedule C - sole proprietor/home-base business '' NOT have the capability to create a form W-2 or W-3 ??!!!
 I was very disappointed that this was not the latest version and required downloading from the site .
 I got this software hoping to find some deductions I did n't know I had earned , or at least that I would save some time doing my taxes . In the end , this software come up with exactly the same numbers I would have gotten doing it myself , and it actually took longer to do my taxes , thanks to a number of functional problems in the software : * It calculated my tax WRONG !! It made an error looking up my income in the tax tables and was $ 25 off estimating my tax . Here 's the most fundamental function of the software and it gets it wrong -LRB- even after the required software update -RRB- . The one good thing I can say about this is that it did let me override the number on the form . This prevented me from filing electronically , but it did let me print the form , which saved me the trouble of having to do it all by hand after having done it on the computer . * Out of the box , the software did not work , and required a hotfix update . This is not unusual for commercial software , and tax laws change frequently , so I am willing to give them the benefit of the doubt . However , the hotfix feature did not work either , it repeatedly failed to get and install the hotfix , so I had to go to their website , find , download , and install the update file . * The user interface is a counterintuitive hybrid of a wizard that asks a bazillion questions in the top-half of the screen , and the tax forms on the bottom half of the screen . The wizard is where you actually entered the information . As long as you went though it sequentially , it worked reasonably well , but God help you if you ever had to go back and add a deduction you forgot about , or tweak some other value . The navigation buttons do n't always take you where you thought you would go , and on several occasions , I found myself going in circles . * At one point , I wanted to view the 1040 form , to see how a change I had made would affect a specific entry . Well , that should be the bottom half of the screen . Right ? No . Sometimes it is , but most times it displays whatever schedule the top half of the user interface pertains to . I hunted around for 10 minutes before I got what I was looking for -LRB- it 's available on a pull-down menu -RRB- . * The DeductionPro software that comes with TaxCut is even more worthless than TaxCut . It was supposedly free , sometimes you really do get what you pay for . * H&R ; Block supposedly offers a money back guarantee on this software , but the fine print says , '' ... we 'll refund the purchase price , less shipping , handling , sales tax and any rebate you receive on the software . '' Considering they gave you MS Money in the deal , I 'm guessing you 'll end up with next to nothing back if you do ask for a refund , Im going to try anyway .
 I have used TurboTax for several years and never had a problem . I decided to switch to H&R Block because my tax return was a little more complicated than the past and I thought I could trust the H&R Block name , and it says you can talk to an advisor if necessary . However , when using this problem I found the wording on some of the questions a little confusing and when I asked help it basically just repeats what was said in the original question . It was not easy to navigate back and forth through the program and when I finally completed the return and attempted to file electronically it gave me an error to fix . My first complaint , it was a minor error that the program should have been aware of to begin with - the federal form did not allow more then ten characters in the specific area of the form . With TurboTax this would never have even been an error because it does not use more characters than the forms allow . Second , when I attempted to correct the error there was no way to actually fix it . It presented the space of the form that needed correcting but it did not let you write a new entry , delete the entry , or correct the entry in anyway . When I attempted to contact tech support for help I was on hold for over 45 minutes and than disconnected ! Granted , it is tax season and hold times are longer than normal , but the phone system should not disconnect you ! There was no help on the online help center , and the e-mail response took 48 hours . By that time I already printed and mailed my return out of frustration ! Plus , attempting to change my selection from file electronically to file a paper return was not easy either . I was very disappointed with this entire product and highly recommend using something else or going to an accountant !
 I purchased this software as a result of a favorable review in the New York Times . I wanted help figuring out how to deal with exercising stock options . I did learn some valuable things -LRB- that I did n't know before -RRB- about what I can deduct.However , I have several issues , starting with the most serious . When I went to electronically sign the form prior to e-filing it , the instructions said that the IRS will not accept the e-filing unless you enter your previous year 's adjusted gross income exactly . Last year I did n't round on my tax form , and the TaxCut software does , so there was no way I could enter last year 's adjusted gross income exactly . I decided to try to e-file anyway , hoping the rounded version is close enough.Prior to filing , I printed the form and reviewed it carefully -- and it 's a good thing I did , because after I filed , I could not view my form again . I can see a report of what I entered , but when I try to view the finished form using the software , I get a message box asking me if I want to save the existing form -- every time . The finished form is nowhere to be seen -- and can not be accessed by either of the methods the Help says to use to view your finished return.I clicked Customer Service -LRB- which took me to H&R ; Block 's Web site -RRB- . I tried to create an e-mail using the Customer Service form , but when I chose the TaxCut option button so my question could be directed to the right people , I could n't enter my name , address , or telephone number -- only my e-mail address . When I tried clicking Next , it took me back to the starting page -- every time.I wo n't know until tomorrow about the status of my e-filing . I ca n't see my return , so I have no idea whether an actual return was filed , even though I was charged $ 15.95 . I eventually found a support telephone number , which I intend to call in the morning.Oh , and one more thing , it really irks me that only my husband , the taxpayer whose name appears first on the return , is listed on the schedules . Apparently I , the `` spouse '' and the person who actually does our taxes every year , am not significant enough to have my name included too.Update
 After I got disgusted with Intuit -LRB- mostly over their Quicken software -RRB- in 2004 , I switched to Microsoft Money and H&R ; Block 's TaxCut software for my 2005 taxes . Microsoft Money is fine ; unlike Quicken , they 've kept their promise to be able to store data online . But TaxCut is another story.IF YOU 'VE USED THIS SOFTWARE TO PREPARE YOUR 2005 TAXES AND OWE A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT , FILE AN EXTENSION , GET TURBOTAX AND RE-DO YOUR RETURNS ! YOU MAY SAVE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS !!! Then ask for your money back.I got such wildly different and dismaying results from my TaxCut prepared return in 2005 than my TurboTax return for 2004 that I called a tax attorney friend to ask if there had been any changes in the tax laws , applicable to me , that would explain the difference . He allowed as how there were not , and suggested I use TurboTax , as he does . So I followed the advice given in the previous paragraph and saved myself $ 15,000 on my federal return , $ 6,000 on one state and $ 2,500 on another !! Back to Tax Cut . Before I gave up on TaxCut , I ordered the software for a second state , paying $ 35 by telephone , downloaded it and began preparing the return . The interview asked whether I were a resident . I declared that I was not , and a dialog box popped up and informed me that , sorry , but the software did not do returns for nonresidents of that particular state . It apologized for any inconvenience -LRB- such as the $ 35 ! -RRB- So I went back and declared myself a part-year resident , hoping to get an idea of what I would owe . I was then asked a few questions and presented with a $ 6,000 + tax bill . TurboTax does a much more thorough job , believe me . Selling this kind of junk is criminal !
 I downloaded TaxCut 2005 Premium + State on 3/4 directly from H&R ; Block . The experience has been awful . There is a huge problem that no one I spoke to in customer service knows how to get corrected
 I purchased Taxcut 2006 and it has errors and defects . After completeing 1040 form at the end when your using a SSA-1099 form the software asks for a Imployer I.D. when there is none and will not transmit to IRS unless the Employer I.D. number is entered . Called customer support and they could not deal with the problem and hung up on me . Could not download updtates for Deduction Pro 2006 message error came up DP 7007 and to redownload . After 6 times gave up and could not transfer figures from Deduction Pro 2006 to 1040 form got message deduction pro 2006 needs up date . Contacted HR block customer service at 1-888-482-9288 and Customer Service gave me a FTP download site when logged on to said no such site exsits . Requested a refund and sent a complaint to the FTC and Missouri Attorney Generals Office . Customer Service also sent over 20 surveys asking how they did as harrassment . Going to Turbo Tax next year
 My experience is consistent with some of those above and with those posting on the Deluxe product as well
 This rating is for AMAZON 's service as I have not tried the product yet.Product page says the item `` Usually ships within 24 hours . Ships from and sold by Amazon.com . '' So , I ordered the item last week hoping that I would be able to do my tax this weekend . Today is the 6th day , the order status page states `` We are preparing these items for shipment and this portion of your order can not be canceled or changed '' . Now , I have to buy it elsewhere and return this to AMAZON . AMAZON did not keep its word . LOOK ELSEWHERE if you need it on time .
 I found this software package very disappointing . I purchased it because it included a free e-file , and TurboTax did not this year.There were several key areas not covered in their `` Interview '' . Also , it was quite annoying to have to stop what I was doing to go to their website to do updates . The update function did not work off the disk -LRB- kept getting an error message , 3 tries over two different days -RRB- . I will purchase TurboTax next year whether they offer free e-file or not .
 I finally got all my tax information and a free weekend to do my taxes . However , the -LRB- sealed -RRB- box contained only the free bonus DeductionPro CD . It did n't actually contain the CD for Taxcut Premium + State . Contacted Amazon.com , and got through to them very quickly . BUT , they reported that they could n't help me . They gave me the number to the Taxcut folks -LRB- the number was a recording to call another number -RRB- . So far , I have been on hold waiting for the Taxcut folks to answer for about 15 minutes . I have used Taxcut to do my taxes for many years now , and never had any problems before now . I doubt I will buy any more software from Amazon , as it would be much more convenient to drive to Bestbuy , Target , or Walmart and ask for a refund .
 received tax cut premium + state box but no cd to install ?
 Like G. Lynde , the author of a previous review , I was a long-term user of Intuit 's It 's Deductible program , but was growing increasingly tired of Intuit 's arrogance towards its customers . Their discontinuation of the desktop version and forcing of customers to use the on-line version caused me to switch to H&R ; Block 's DeductionPro . However , I am having serious doubts about the wisdom of that move.Things started out well , as I was able to enter in a rather long list of items that I donated to Goodwill . The problem came when I realized I had entered the wrong date for the donation . When I tried to edit the date , it actually erased all the previously entered info for the donation ! Fortunately I have an automatic backup program that have saved a copy of the original , and I was able to restore it.Problems intensified when I sent an email to tech support asking how to change the date without deleting all the data . The first response I got told my how to switch from the 2006 version of the program to the 2005 version -- not at all what I had asked . It is like the person on the other end only glanced at what I had written.I responded to that email telling them that I did not want to change program years , but just change the date for a donation . The response I got seemed to state my problem accurately , but the solution I was given was to add or delete a charity name . There was no mechanism for editing the date there.So I sent yet another email explaining that the solution did not work . The responder seemed to think that I wanted to delete a charity name , and proceeded to give me the exact same advice the previous person had . Plus the advice that if I deleted a charity to make sure and hand copy all the deduction information so I could re-enter it by hand!Needless to say , I lost my patience at this point , and fired back a rather scathing email . And immediately thereafter I came here to post a warning so others might escape the problems I encountered by buying this dubious software with it 's non-existent tech support .
 The price was certainly right . However , after a couple of hours of playing with Custom 3D Land , I could not see any potential to make it work for my projects . Very cumbersome to build the background for the plot if you need windows / doors , angled fence lines , etc. . May be good for a classroom aplication where plots are hypothetical .
 I have a brand new , state of the art , XP computer and this game will not load . As new as my computer is , I should n't need any new drivers for a game that states it is XP compatiable . I think Konami needs to go back to the drawing board and figure out what they have done wrong ! It should n't be this difficult to get a game to work . Plus , their customer service does n't respond in a timely manner . I guess everyone is out laying on the beach getting a suntan .
 I purchased this game because I so enjoyed the much earlier versions of Frogger . Thinking that this game would be pretty much the same as the older versions , I happily purchased it.The graphics are really cute , but clearly , this game was not intended for play on your computer . It is difficult to navigate the frog with the arrow keys , and this can get very frustrating . I was very disappointed , as I thought it would be a good game for computer use . Wrong!If you are considering buying this game , be aware that is it not computer friendly . I ca n't get past the second screen ... because of navigation problems wwith the arrow keys .
 It does not work on my XP pc . It is supposed too . This is a piece of junk I met all the requirements for install
 This product installed without any problems . When you try to get into the game , it tells you that there is a problem with the exe file . I tried calling customer service , but was told they did not support game problems and that I should go on the website or send a e-mail . I sent an e-mail , but received no reply . Each time I went on the website it told me they were down for maintenance.THIS STINKS !!!!!! I will never buy another one of their games again .
 I verified we had all the system requirements before we bought this game but it will not load . We spent the better part of an hour on Christmas morning trying to troubleshoot the error message with no luck . We should not have to go to this much trouble . Update
 I loved 7.2 of Suse , I have it installed on 3 PCs -LRB- P3 Laptop , old P1 , and P4 -RRB- . It installed on all 3 without any problems . So when 7.3 came out I ran to the store and got it the week after it was released in the US . I can not get 7.3 to install on the on the old P1 with out it crashing after the install . On the laptop the disk has to be fsck -LRB- scandisk for you windows users -RRB- for every re/boot , 7.3 thinks the computer crashed and the drive was not dismounted correctly . This never happens with 7.2 on the laptop . And does not occur in the P4 with 7.2 or 7.3 . On the 2 that I can get 7.3 to boot the xterm forgets to clear the screen when you exit an application . This does not happen all the time but when it does you have to log out and restart X to solve the problem.Support just stinks , they can not answer any questions and they take 2-3 weeks to get back to you and tell you that they do not know the answer . They seam to not be very interested in improving the product.If you do a full install if 7.3 Star Office locks up when a user starts Star Office for the fist time and selects install . This happens for all new users created after the 7.3 install . I called suse support and they said Sorry your 90 days of free help has expired . I call one other time and support could not help me . 2 button mouses paste does not work in 7.3 the way it did in 7.2 My solution was to buy a new mouse for the laptop.The way I solved the star office problem was to install 7.2 . Create all the needed users . Run the office installer for each user and then upgrade to 7.3 8 - -LRB- I found several other little things that work in 7.2 and just do not work in 7.3 . The 7.3 version of Suse has some very nice eye candy , but under the candy is a half baked product . If you look at most commercial software like Oracle and IBM are certified on Suse . If you look at the support matrix they say 7.2 NOT 7.3 . I wonder why?My recommendation is get 7.2 or try your luck with 8 and skip 7.3 at all cost .
 It is terribly outdated , like a museum piece . It has none of today 's Linux software and refinements . It would not run on any of today 's hardware as it has absolutely no drivers for it . I ca n't understand why it is still offered as it only confuses and discourages first time Linux users .
 Like a few other Freddi Fish and other kids games , this title does not work on Mac OS X. It 's a shame that Amazon ca n't update their product descriptions to make this clear , as this game is apparently quite good .
 When I first saw this software at the store , I was really excited , not because I needed it for myself but because I thought it would be great for my students . I 'm a tax professional who specializes in working with self-employed people . I teach small business tax classes and one of the hardest things to teach others is how to make quarterly estimated tax payments -LRB- how to know the amount to send in -RRB- . I figured this software would really help students but that 's not true . The only thing this software does right now is tell you that you can avoid penalties by sending in the same amount as your tax liability was last year . And then it tells you which line to look at on your tax return to see what that figure is . Supposedly in June , an update to the program will help users calculate the true amount to send in based on the income being earned in the current year . Without that feature , this software is nothing . I hope the revised version will provide this information ; the concept seems good but this program should not have been released until it was really ready to be used.By the way , if you ca n't wait until June to learn how to calculate the amount to send in for estimated tax payments , download form 1040ES from the IRS website or take a look at my book Minding Her Own Business
 I 'm a freelance designer for the first time and thought that this would be a great tool for estimating my taxes each quarter . How wrong I was!First of all , most of the features are not updated . Also , it only does Federal taxes and not State , which it says
 When using Turbotax to prepare my taxes this year , the prep software advertised this program . I thought it might be a good idea to simply e-file my estimated taxes also . However , this software is not simple to use . It is n't inutiative at all -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . The version I used is through inituit 's website via an account , not a program I install on my computer . Sometimes the website is busy , so the program is temporarly out of service . I had thought I 'd set up my account to automatically schedule a reminder and pay from my checkbook . However , today when I checked -LRB- it 's time for the 2nd quarterly payment -RRB- , I did n't get a reminder . When I tried to manually efile , I instead had to manually print out the estimated form and send the payment in the old fashioned way because efiling requires an earlier stamp than a postmark . Before getting this service , it 's time to ask ... `` Do you really wish to make a simple process more complicated ? '' I wish I had said no .
 Why bother with this , especially since it does n't even do the job ? Filing estimated taxes is a simple matter . Download the fillable PDF -LRB- 1040-ES or 1040-ESE -RRB- from irs.gov , the calculations are trivial -LRB- you can construct a simple excel sheet for them if you want to -RRB- . And for electronic payment enroll in EFTPS at www.eftps.gov .
 I absolutely love using Turbotax for my taxes . I tried the chief competitor one year -LRB- stunk -RRB- . I tried a tax professional -LRB- horrific , no understanding , fixed THEIR errors , and got charged extra for it -RRB- . But TurboTax is consistently a great product.The promoted estimated tax service online & the software are not well thought out and requires so much hacking that most people will likely give up and make a $ 0 `` quick '' estimate . I hope they do n't get penalized.I have trained 1000s of people in software and other technology aspects so I am very comfortable with software . I am NOT comfortable with this software and I am strongly considering dumping the TurboTax I love and going to a local accountant that can make me comfortable about paying my quarterly estimate .
 From the photo , I thought this was a new product , but all I got was a cd without any instructions . The laptop I installed it on never worked again . Very bummed out .
 This game is not at all what I expected . I installed it on Windows XP for my son and it does not work as it should . I believe something is not compatible with Windows XP .
 We had to return the game due to it not being able to work . It 'd freeze before we could get to play the game itself .
 I just did not find that this was a state-of-the-art product . It has the navigation and feel of a late 1990 's piece of software and failed to meet my expectations .
 This is a cheap imitiation of Business Plan Pro . They copied by paraphrasing wherever they could . Unfortunately , they copied a four-year old version , while the real thing has had two major new versions since then . Do yourself a favor , and get the one they copied from instead .
 I have been using DeLorme Topo USA to create trail routes and waypoints for hiking and backpacking trips for a number of years . I have also been using eTrex for GPS navigation for almost the same amount of time -LRB- I am now using Vista Cx -RRB- . Recently , I purchased Garmin Topo U.S. 2008 , hoping to save time to find/create trails and waypoints . But , I was wrong . Although the resolution and price of Garmin and DeLome products are about the same , Garmin Topo U.S. 2008 is a big disappointment . I spend more time with Garmin Topo U.S. 2008 to find trails and create waypoints . Below are my observations . - It 's impossible to find trails till you zoom in into about 1 mile resolution . Then , you loose a big picture of an entire trail . Also , it 's very difficult to distinguish trails from roads and elevation contours - a display contrast is quite bad . - Since it does not have a capability of selecting trail segments , it requires to manually creates a number of waypoints to follow the trail , to plot an elevation profile along the trail , and to estimate an accurate trail distance . This is time consuming . - It seems that via-points of a trail are displayed with the names in the comment field . Also , the names are not editable . This makes the via-point names/numbers are not consecutive if new via points are inserted later . The eTrex Cx displays the names of all via points and gets quite cluttered . - It does not have a 3D display feature . DeLorme Topo USA provides nice 3D plots.Overall , I do not recommend this product .
 After loadingGarmin MapSource Topo U.S. 2008mid-Atlantic region maps into my new Garmin 60CSx GPS I realized that my plotted position routinely had a 300-600 foot error from my known position in the Northern Virginia and DC-metro Maryland areas , over at least a 25 square mile area . When I called Garmin they told me that their cartographic dept. was aware of the problem , and ascribed it to `` map digitization '' problems . Garmin would not comment on any fixes planned.A GPS - map system which is routinely in error by 300-600 feet is unacceptable !!! And a GPS company which does n't take errors like this seriously is not serious about their product .
 I would have to agree with `` working engineer . '' This software is worse than useless due to its positional inaccuracy . I was shocked to find that my 76csx showed the location of my house as several hundred feet from its actual location . A downloaded track of a run in a local park showed this same `` offset . '' I tried an experiment
 In my local area -LRB- San Francisco Peninsula -RRB- the correspondence between the Topo U.S. 2008 maps and physical reality are off by from 200 to 500 feet ! When I play my tracks against Google Earth -LRB- a nice Mapsource feature , BTW -RRB- they are bang on , but way off on the Mapsource depiction . I 'm very reluctant to trust my life to this inaccurate mapping product , even more so in sparsely populated and back country areas where the location of streams and cliffs would be important to know accurately.I 'm using the new eTrex Vista HCx unit which I like very much.Compiling map sets to upload to the GPS can take hours if a lot of segments are involved , and there are limitations to the number of map segment and file sizes the unit will accept . So I bought three 1GB micro SD cards and can fit the entire US -LRB- lower 48 states -RRB- mapset in three chunks -LRB- West , Midwest and East -RRB- , each with less than 2000 map segments and file size less than 1GB .
 Even on my pc , the detail is pretty poor . -LRB- like where a creek name goes to , lack of trails and roads -RRB- It 's even worse on my handheld gps . I 'll wait for a 1 to 24000 scale for my particular region .
 I purchased the Garmin StreetPilot C550 GPS only because Garmin claimed compatibility with their Topo Mapsource software . This is only a half truth as I was to find out only after making my purchases of the GPS and software . Maps can be transferred from a laptop to the GPS , howsumbutever , trails & routes created in Garmin 's Topo Mapsource software CAN NOT be loaded onto the GPS . Transfer of routes & trails to the GPS was the # 1 reason I purchased this GPS and the Garmin Mapsource software . My purchase of the Garmin StreetPilot C550 GPS receiver & accompanying Garmin Mapsource Topo software was an absolute waste of money . Garmin is being extremely deceptive by advertising compatibility between the StreetPilot GPS and their Mapsource Topo software .
 I could not transfer topo maps to my Garmin Etrex Vista micro data card . I had to go buy a card reader in order to transfer topo maps to the data card . The software Help was no help in fiquring out why the transfer did not work to the micro card . I could transfer maps to the Vista but the program did not recognize the data card . Garmin 's Support page was no help and I emailed Garmin Support for help which they promised to answer within 3 days . I did not receive a reply from Garmin Support . The maps are better than the base map that comes with the Vista but the maps are old and the product overall is of poor and dated quality .
 I 've caught several major highways that were moved 4 years ago , and they are outdated on the topos . They do n't include State Wildlike Management areas , and the detail is pretty lacking . Not worth the money .
 I love Amazon reviews . If a product works , I can praise it . If it does n't , I can dis it . I am dissin ' Topo US 2008 by Garmin.It is not accurate.I know it is 1:100,000 -LRB- o.k.a. . One over the World scale -RRB- but still , it would be nice if it had some passing resemblance to the stuff on the ground.I survey rail-trails -LRB- bike -RRB- for fun , so I get a lot of GPS time on the trail . My Garmin 60CSx GPS is a superb machine . Five stars , no question . The Topo US 2008 that came with it sucks.Case in point ... Irvine , CA . In the Woodbridge Community there are two lakes , North and South . Only North Lake is shown on Topo 2008 . One lake missing.Case in point ... Irvine , CA . The street grid overlays Sand Canyon Reservoir . No , they have not developed a tract down in the water . The street grid overlay seems to be displaced.Case in point ... Irvine , CA . I am surveying the Freeway Trail , which runs close along the north side of the San Diego Freeway . The map is showing me well south of the freeway . Duh!The waypoints from the CSx , when uploaded to Google Earth are spot-on . No issues with the data ; big issues with the maps.Garmin would love to sell me a suite of electronic marine charts . Not buying . If the accuracy of those is anywhere near that of Topo US 2008 , I would be on the rocks in a flash .
 Having topo maps on the GPS screen while hiking is something which , now that I 've had it , I 'll never go without . However this is not the map product I would buy today.Consider instead Garmin 's 24k maps , rather than this set of 100k maps . The resolution in the newer -LRB- 24k -RRB- maps is better , more like what you get with USGS 7.5 ' quad maps/NG Topo/DeLorme Topo.Note that Garmin products purchased for one GPS unit can NOT be transferred to a new/replacement unit -LRB- except by Garmin via warranty replacement -RRB- . Garmin 's anti-piracy `` unlock '' procedure is archaic and tedious . If you ever upgrade your Garmin , you must buy your maps again . One `` unlock code '' is assigned to one USB-connected GPS device , by serial number , and can not be changed.If you 're looking for the GPS that works with National Geographic 's Topo ! maps , that 's a Magellan .
 Do not buy this from Garmin . Garmin does not issue refunds even when the map does not work at all . I should have bought through Amazon.I foolishly bought the $ 99.99 downloadable version of this map from the Garmin web site because I wanted to download it and use it the next day . The Garmin web site listed my Nuvi 350 as a supported device and I followed the link to the download purchase page -LSB- ... -RSB- . I downloaded the maps to an SD card in my GPS , but the GPS still only lists street maps and not the TOPO.I followed the instructions at the Garmin knowledge base to go to Settings > Map > Map Info . The only map listed is `` CN North America NT 2011.10 -LSB- 1 -RSB- US & Canada '' . When I uncheck this street map as directed , the resulting map displays show only interstates and large bodies of water - no topo , no city streets , no nothing.Each time I call the Gamin help line I am on hold for 30 minutes . There is no way to get faster service even when you are calling back to say their advice did not work . The person at the other end seemed to have no idea why my TOPO map did not show on the Garmin 's MAP INFO maps list . His only suggestion was to delete the files from the SD card and download again , which takes a LONG time . I did this . Same problem.Garmin refuses to refund the charges.I am glad that I will never need to buy another product from Garmin . Google maps is catching up fast , and providing much better service via smart phones .
 I purchased this product as a means to operate a 255w off-road . Not only are the maps not detailed enough , the graphics are poor even on the best graphic system . As a general overview of an area , this product will do just fine , however , if you really want detailed topographical maps , this is NOT the product for you . Very disappointed for its intended use , and even more for trying to use it with a real off-road gps . I have multiple computers -LRB- PC and Apple -RRB- and the product worked the same on both , poorly . I wrote to Garmin to express my total dissatisfaction with the product and have heard nothing from them .
 Garmin topo program would not down load to Microsoft XP . I tried to work through Garmin customer service and was on hold for 1.5 hours . Then I reached the level 1 tech who then referred me to the level 2 tech whom I never could speak to . So , I returned the product to Amaxon .
 I purchased this 2008 TOPO software because I did not have the latest version of base maps for Geocaching . After a month of not being able to load the software or read it on my eTrex Legend CX , I was told by Garmin that the units card reader `` might '' not be working . I 'm completely frustrated with Garmin and the time it has taken for them to work this issue . So I returned the eTrex to the store it was purchased and got my money back.The software seems like it works on my computer ; however , since the purpose of this software is to transfer and help guide on a Garmin GPS - it FAILS.Unfortunely Garmin Software does not work on other `` outdoor '' GPS units . As you know once software is opened you can not return it .
 1 . -RRB- The fire road data is woefully incomplete , and some of the roads it knows about do n't actually exist , which should n't happen as road beds just do n't just disappear overnight .2 . -RRB- The colors are such that it 's tough to distinguish a fire-road from a primary elevation line .3 . -RRB- It ca n't navigate to trailheads on fire-roads .4 . -RRB- Even if you buy a big memory chip , the software will only let you move a fraction of the US to your GPS . And if you want to change maps , you get to start over , which could be an hour-long download to your GPS.All in all , I wish I 'd investigated some of the free topo tools and data rather than buying this .
 I wanted something other than the base map that is built into my GPSMap 76CSx . I admit that I have not spent much time with this so far , but my initial impression is pretty bad . Until I ordered this product , I had been driving around San Diego , recording my tracks . When I loaded this product , I was startled to see how far off my tracks are in some places from the roads indicated on the map . For example , the east end of Sorrento Valley Blvd is pretty good . The west end of this road appears in this map a full 1000 feet -LRB- Yes . One thousand ! -RRB- to the south of the actual road ! It 's not like there is an overall shift of coordinates or anything like that . The roads are right in some places , and then just wander off .
 OK , I am used to hiking with Green Trail maps for Washington State . I was hoping that this product would be to their level , or heck even more current . But no way , I pulled up areas I go to frequently and the maps are not even close to he quality of the green trail maps . Which is very sad considering google earth does a better job than this software and it is free.For all you techies who rated this product highly get grip , paper maps dominate this product . GPS software is not even close to the quality of a paper map . Also , if I wanted to do all of this electronic file manipualtion that other users speak of why even buy a GPS unit . The point is I wanted something superior to old out of date paper maps and instead of that got `` new '' electronic maps that are worthless .
 This CDROM is good enough to show major roads and some trails , but is n't all that up to date on roads and highways.I have lived in New Mexico for 23 years . In 1987 NM changed its state highway numbers to give each state road a single highway number -LRB- tourists found multiple highway numbers on a road confusing -RRB- . I displayed a national forest area just east of Albuquerque that is a popular place to hike and picnic , and is a place I often go to drive or walk . I found out that the state roads had the pre-1987 numbers . Those route numbers have been changed for 20 years , Garmin!Because I do n't yet use my GPS for highway navigation , I ca n't comment on whether this map CD is useful for route finding , but others say it 's not too helpful so I 'll believe it just because of the out of date roads in New Mexico alone.I expected the mountains to be roughly topographic , and they are reasonable for a 1:100000 map . To be really useful , the Garmin maps need to be accurate enough for navigating in recreation areas , which calls for accuracy like the old 15 minute quads . Also , the maps need to be printable , so a hiker , hunter , or fisherman has a paper backup if the GPS runs out of batteries without spares . Yes it happens ...
 I purchased this map to update the maps that came on my Garmin GPS . The original maps had roads that have not been updated in 20 + years . When I added the new map I learned that the local roads are inaccurate by 400 to 600 feet . I asked Garmin and was told that roads are just for reference . This map is only good for Topo and little else .
 This does not provide the detail you normall get from a TOPO map . I found trails and roads missing . For a general map of the area it is OK and that sll it is good for.I would not recomend buying it because of its limitations .
 This product is pretty close to worthless . There is n't nearly enough detail to actually be meaningful . I intended to use this software for backcountry hunting . The few roads and trails that does show are nearly indistinguishable from other features on the map . The only good thing I have the say about this software is that it 's better than nothing , but not much . A standard printed topo map is much more useful and accurate .
 Garmin Topo US 2008 is a big disappoint . I have owned and used Garmin United States Topo for quite a few years and often wondered when Garmin would announce a new Topo product . Unfortunately Topo US 2008 is not much different than their old version . The terrain shading -LRB- only viewed on your computer , not on your Garmin Unit -RRB- is the only difference I can see , with the exception of a few more trails and roads added in -LRB- though still missing many other topographical points -RRB- . If you already own Garmin 's older version of United States Topo do n't bother purchasing Topo 2008 unless you really need `` Terrain Shading '' . If you do n't own a previous version of US TOPO then I would recommend this product .
 Simply put it , there is n't enough details to do much with it . It is slightly better than the base map . Go to the Garmin 's web site and do a side by side comparison of this one and the 24K topo series . You 'll see how bad this one is.Garmin , stop sell us maps like this one . All your topo maps should have the 24K details . Otherwise , what 's the point ?
 I was concerned about the 2008 Garmin edition of MapSource Topo . I have the previous edition . Apparently they have not updated the map detail in keeping with the regular updates done by the USGS . I called National Geographic about their Topo!GPS maps USA that are on a state by state basis but are 1:24,000 and are very detailed . You can not transfer these maps to any Garmin unit as Garmin is very proprietary . You can transfer waypoints and POI 's but not the maps . However National Geographic told me they have just completed arrangements with Magellan that will allow transfer of their 7.5 maps to the new Triton GPS that will become availabe in the near future . So their is still hope for better mapping but this will require purchase of a Magellan unit.LJB
 Based on my earlier experiences with GPSs for 20 years now -LRB- recreation , flying , nothing exotic -RRB- , and a recent Garmin street pilot , I decided to stick with the name brand Garmin . And earlier reviews about their basemaps being ... well , too basic , I purchased TOPO , USA to supplement the map features of my GPSMAP 60Cx . -LRB- Magellen offered MapSend , therefore Garmin 's topo program must be similar and useful , right ? . -RRB- I pretty much discounted low rated reviews about TOPO USA issues , such as being locked , maps being off , etc. . How tough can these be to install and use?The Weakest Link can now be applied to TOPO , USA . Instructions were 3 steps inside the CD jacket , ending with `` Follow the prompts '' -LRB- which I did -RRB- , there are NO OTHER INSTRUCTIONS . Nada . Zip . Not even on the CD.Getting the software to connect via USB to GPSMAP 60Cx was ... interesting . In spite of my 20 + years on a PC , I had to try a variety of PC reboots -LRB- 1st , or 2nd -RRB- , with the GPSMAP -LRB- on , or off -RRB- . I did finally manage to get Colorado topo data transfered , and while still `` connected '' discovered the software/GMPSMAP no longer communicated , and had to revert to rebooting . Restarting TOPO USA did not reset any connection.And finally , the map is not accurate , as the local US highway curves in opposite directions than the underlying Garmin map , my street has no 45 degree direction changes and is about 2-tenths of a mile further south than Garmin claims.The receiver closely matchs my aging Magellen in lat/long numbers , so I give credit for all the above anomalies to the Garmin map datum and implementation.Think I might try the preloaded Garmin Topo chip instead , but once burned ... etc.Previous poor reviews of TOPO USA were warranted , I was wrong to have dismissed them.Update 8/09
 I had heard that this is a useful complement to the Garmin US Street Maps . My view is that is us useless as a companion . Huge amount of memory is taken up on the street maps , which are redundant if you have City Navigator NT . Then , the scale of the topo maps -LRB- 1:100,000 -RRB- turns out to be useless for hiking purposes . This was just a mistake to get .
 This software is semi-useless for Geocaching -LRB- and probably other useage -RRB- . Many major highways 5-6 years old are not included . In an expanding urban enviornmental area , few things added or changed in the past 5 years are included . I often find muself driving down the middle of someone 's cornfield , according to TOPO U.S. 2008 . A big waste of money , as far as I am concerned . Since , unfortunately , you are stuck with Garmin , for mapping software , pay the extra and get Streets and trips .
 I installed these maps on my Garmin eTrex Legend HCx . The installation was straightforward , but quite time consuming . The problem seems to be with the accuracy of the roads on the map . The vessel is almost always way off the road -- probably 30 to 50 feet . Sometimes so far off that it is difficult to tell which street it is on . I called Garmin and they said that this is normal -LRB- ??? -RRB- I tried the Garmin City Navigator maps on this unit and they are spot on . The Garmin consultant said that the Topo 24K maps are as well , but I have no experience with these . So , I would say this is a questionable product , not up to any reasonable standard of accuracy . If you are interested in off-road usage for your GPS , you might look elsewhere .
 I used to like my Garmin , that is until I updated it . Ever since it has been slow and erroneous to the point that it is too frustrating to use . I borrowed my son , s Tom-Tom for my latest trip tp Florida . Needless to say , my next GPS will be a Tom-Tom .
 I see other reviewers have found the same thing - the maps are n't accurate , they are off by 100 's of feet . This was easy to verify it was n't the GPS :1 -RRB- Walk/drive down some neighborhood streets with tracking on your GPS2 -RRB- Upload the tracks to the map and see how far off the streets they are3 -RRB- View the same tracks in Google Earth -LRB- which is one of the few easy things to do in this software -- View > View in Google Earth -RRB- 4 -RRB- I see that the tracks are correct on Google Earth , wrong on the maps . 100-300 ' foot errors are unacceptable for an expensive product like this.Here 's a note I pulled up on their support site , I hope this is n't correct . The map is supposed to be 1:100,000 so I wonder if the accuracy is then more like + / - 130 ft , since the scale is 10x less than the note says . In any case , the circle shown on the device is not 130 ft wide when there 's a good fix . It 's more like 10ft . ================ Question
 After looking over the Garmin web site , I purchased the suggested MapSource Topo maps on CD for almost $ 100 , and was stunned at the poor detail and accuracy of these maps . First use on my Garmin GPSMAP 60CSx in my back yard , my Garmin unit indicated that I was across the street in a neighbor 's yard perhaps 100-200 feet away , and that was in New Jersey with eight satellites in view . I walked to the nearest cross street , a major local road , and the unit located it perfectly . It -LRB- the map -RRB- could not accurately locate the 100 + acre lake near my home . These maps can not be useful to anyone attempting to navigate off road , hiking on trails , or travelling on streams/small rivers . The maps simply bear little resemblance to actual geography except they do seem to indicate location of 25 foot topogtaphical elevation lines fairly well -LRB- not too useful -RRB- . I kayak a great deal and had hoped to use the unit to navigate around New Jersey rivers and the sedge islands in Barnegat Bay . Forget about it ! There is no correspondence between the Topo map and the actual geography ! Totally useless for kayaking intercoastal bays or any of south Jersey 's fabulous streams . If the maps ca n't locate major geographic features accurately , how is it going to keep someone on a hiking trail in the New Jersey Pine Barrens ? I think there is considerable danger here of causing someone to get lost -LRB- and possibly hurt -RRB- rather than find their way .
 As noted by other reviewers , the street data is often wildly inaccurate . In my neighborhood on the outskirts of Denver many -LRB- but not all -RRB- of the streets are off by several hundred feet . A nearby subdivision has been completely eliminated ... but elsewhere Garmin has invented brand-new highways across the open prairie.I asked Garmin customer support about this and I got a very convoluted reply . As far as I can tell what they 're saying is `` we goofed '' . Here 's the full explanation -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- : `` The street data in Topo US 2008 is at a scale of roughly 1:25,000 whereas the rest of the Topo application is at a scale of 1:100,000 . Therefore the roads will be off by a few hundred yards . The road info was added after the application had already been produced and is to be used as a reference only . `` Funny that they say the road data is to be used `` as a reference only '' . It seems like it should n't be used as any sort of reference at all.In fairness to Garmin , the contour lines are pretty accurate .
 I purchased the new release of Garmin Topo 2008 hoping it would fill all the gaps in the previous version . Since I am currently residing in Arizona , I use the updated program with a GPSmap 60CSx for hikes in the State . I had hoped the new version would improve on the shortcomings of the previous version where lots of well-documented trails/hikes were missing . Not so . Very little has changed in AZ , and I am thoroughly disappointed . Most of the trails/hikes that have been in existence in the State for years , are still missing . I would not recommend this program to any serious hiker.Claus Pohl
 Bought this product for hiking and following trails in the northwest . It has very few trails on it , including some of the most popular . The Pacific Crest Trail and any trails in Forest Park are not on this .
 I BOUGHT A GARMIN 60CSX GPS LAST YEAR ALONG WITH TOPO '07 AND STREET MAPS . MY PRIMARY PURPOSE FOR THE GPS IS FOR HUNTING/FISHING AND GEO-CACHING . UNCHARACTERISTICALLY , WITHOUT DOING MY INDEPTH RESEARCH ... I WAS COMPLETELY DISAPPOINTED IN THE RESOLUTION ON THE TOPO VERSION AT 1:100,000 SCALE VERSES THE STANDARD U.S.G.S. TOPO SCALE OF 1:24,000 . THE SOFTWARE FAILED TO MEET ANYWHERE CLOSE TO MY EXPECTATIONS . USELESS ... HORRIBLE !! THE AREA THAT I HUNT HAS A VARIETY OF TERRAIN FEATURES INCLUDING STEEP HILLS , DEEP BOTTOMS , SWAMPS , RIVER BOTTOMS , ETC. . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED , IF YOUR GPS IS CAPABLE , TO ADD AT LEAST A 2GB SD MEMORY CHIP TO YOUR GPS BECAUSE THE FILE SIZE OF THE TOPO DATA IS SO LARGE YOU CAN ONLY LOAD VERY SMALL SPECIFIC AREAS/REGIONS AT A TIME . ONCE AGAIN POOR RESOLUTION OF THE TOPO DATA FOR FINDING KEY TOPOGRAPHIC FEATURES SUCH AS FOR SCOUTING TO HANG ADDITIONAL DEER STAND LOCATIONS WAS USELESS . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS '08 VERSION CAUSE THE RESOLUTION HAS NOT CHANGED FROM LAST YEAR '07 TO THE NEW AND IMPROVED VERSION OF ' 08 !! ... HOPEFULLY , THE SOFTWARE ENGINEERS CAN EVENTUALLY DEVELOP A USEFUL , MORE PRECISE DETAILED , SCALED DOWN VERSION TO AT LEAST THE U.S.G.S. STANDARD TOPOGRAPHIC MAP OF 1:24,000 OR EVEN LOWER AT SOME TIME IN THE FUTURE ? MAYBE I 'D BE ASKING TOO MUCH BUT IT WOULD BE GREAT TO BE ABLE TO MERGE/OVERLAY AERIAL PHOTO DATA AS IN GOOGLE EARTH WITH SCALABLE TOPO DATA VIA U.S.G.S. STANDARD OR BETTER !!! THAT WOULD BE TOO SWEET!THANKS , RON
 I purchased the Topo US 2008 to go with my new eTrex Summit HC . The Garmin topo maps in this product are 1:100,000 scale . I now realize that I need 1:24,000 / 25,000 scale which is the same as the USGS maps that I normally use . I would wait until they come out with the smaller scale . I am very disappointed . Once you have looked at an area in 1:24,000 scale , the 1:100,000 looks pretty useless .
 This map is just not trust worthy . It 's pity that Garmin makes good GPS but when you plot the recorded tracks over it 's map , the two produce such a discrepancy that makes you wonder if it 's the map or the GPS devices at fault . Then you map the track logs on Google Earth , you realize the GPS devices is not at fault .
 Been used to Delorme Topo . . Only got this because I had to have it with my Garmin GPS-60 hand held . . Very poor trails . . hard to tell anything . . Trails , gradients etc all look alike . . when they are there at all . . I read reviews and they were not good , but thought they were not right or this bad . Lots of 5,600 foot hills with not any gradients shown at all . . Maybe be great for some places , but in Four Corners USA , this product is pretty much useless . It may be Okay back East or where ever . . I wish I had never went with Garmin as it now all sets at home unusable to me.GO WITH ANOTHER BRAND . . I now am doing the DeLorme TOPO 7.0 USA And very pleased with it over the Garmin GPS-60 product . . This Hand held also requires you to purchase the TOPO software that does not even come with it . And it is POOR.My Advice . . Waste of money . . AVOID ! Much better out there .
 I have a Zumo 550 that I wanted to load maps into . I have an 8gb SDHC card in the card slot , so plenty of memory for lots and lots of maps . I loaded California and Nevada into the card and checked out some areas that I know well around Death Valley . The map did n't even include Ballarat , as well as missing most of the mines and mining camps and springs in the area . Granted , most of what is missing is also missing on the USGS 100k quads , but the USGS 100k quads at least include Ballarat.But still , it 's the only maps pre-formatted for the Garmin GPS , so I checked the SD card . Two states was only 256mb . Great , I thought . I can put half the United States in there and still have plenty of memory for mp3 's . * WRONG * . At 10:30 am today I set it going . It is 6pm now , and still says it has almost an hour to go before it even starts transferring -LRB- it 's been slowly crawling through `` Building map set '' for all that time -RRB- . And I do * not * have a slow computer -- I have a Core 2 Duo 2.1 ghz with 2gb of memory , and according to the Windows Task Manager less than half that memory is in use , and neither CPU is maxed out . It 's just slow.The only reason this thing gets two stars is because it 's better than nothing . I reserve 1 star for the utterly useless . Unfortunately Garmin refuses to releases 24k-scale topo maps for most areas of the United States , even though the fact that they release such topos for the national parks shows that they do have the technology to do so . I guess they figure that the only place anybody wants to go hiking is in national parks . Sigh . I suppose they 'll release full 24k topo maps on a state-by-state basis around the same time they release a Mac version of MapSource -LRB- i.e. , `` real soon now '' -- for the past two years -- requiring me to use Boot Camp to boot into Windows XP to program the GPS -RRB- . Grrr !
 I recently switched from a Magellan Sportrak to Garmin Legend HCx GPS . I bought the corresponding Topo Map - Garmin Mapsource Topo U.S. 2008 . While the contours are reasonable , the integration of the roads into the map is simply ridiculous . On a recent walk I took , it shows my track crossing a road that in reality I never get within 1/3 of a mile of . The actual road layout looked like they are from at least 10 years ago in my area . For curiosity I dug out my 2004 Magellan Topo 3D and plotted the same track . The information was correct . So as long as you have no need of how the terrain and roads are interrelated , this product is fine . But for those of us that do occasionally drive to a trail , or want to reach a civilized place while on a hike this product is of dubious value .
 In theory , you can use this product to download waypoints , an entire route , or even a topographic map to your Garmin mapping GPS . However , the maps are so lacking in detail that they are nearly useless for hiking or backpacking . For one thing , vertical contours are 150 feet each , compared with 40 feet for typical topographic maps . Contour lines , roads , and trails all look pretty similar to one another , and are really hard to view.The interface is really easy to use -- it took almost no time to figure out how to import and export maps and waypoints . However , the program has a very definite Windows 95 look with really simple graphics and colors.It 's amazing that Garmin has created a line of terrific mapping GPS units , but then left out the maps . The bottom line is that there are currently no good options for getting detailed topo maps onto your garmin mapping GPS .
 Simply unable to transfer any useful data to Garmin etrex vista . Software surprisingly useless . Tried many ways to modify parameters both with the unit and download wizard and this software seems to always end in `` communication error '' which is disappointing after a long download . Attempting to download for the Topo US 2008 CD also erases the database that comes on the unit !!! This leaves you with NO data in the GPS.National Geographic 's mapping software not compatible with downloading but still is a seemingly more funcitonal product and actually works with the Garmin units .
 I am disappointed in the topo features of this topo product ! There is no relief at zoomed out resolution and the relief when zoomed in is not blended - i.e. there is no 3-d effect at any resolution.Like other MapSource products , it works well on the handheld but navigation is klutzy on the PC.I get better zoomed out terrain indication on my other mapping products , even those that do n't advertise it , such as MS Streets & Trips . This was a wasted expense , but I got what I paid for . I should have purchased Topo USA but did n't want to pay the greater price . Poorer but wiser , I will now do that .
 My new computer came with Picture It ! I was used to using Addobe PhotoDeluxe , but you ca n't get it anymore . So , I decided to give Picture It ! a try . Right from the beginning I was frustrated . The tools and commands are easy to use , but I had trouble saving my work . I tried over and over again to save and my system kept freezing . I lost 3 hours of work on the first night . Then I tried reinstalling the program . That helped , but I still kept getting `` runtime error , abnormal program termination . '' I lost more work . I have also not been able to perform touchups with the `` freehand painting '' the way I want . For some reason , despite everything I try , I can not get ANY tool or ANY custom painting options to give me a sharp , crisp line . All my painting looks blurry and airbrushed . I have tried my computer manufacturers support but they could not help . I am now trying Microsoft 's help , but after several days of correspondence , they have not been able to help either . I 've decided to dump Picture It ! and see if I can get an old copy of Adobe PhotoDeluxe from ebay .
 I 've always felt that if you ca n't say something nice , then do n't say anything at all . Well , I 'm breaking that rule.I bought this software today to supplement the excellent PhotoSuite that I already own . My only gripe with Photosuite is that there are n't enough photo templates . I thought that this software -LRB- which claims a `` wide variety '' of templates -RRB- would go well with Photosuite . Forget it . You need specialty paper for most of the templates . Forget manipulating pictures . It can be done , but not easily and not well . After a frustrating two hours with this software , I gave up and Uninstalled it . My system still crashed and with the help of a very nice guy at IBM support -LRB- thanks , Brian ! -RRB- I was able to reboot and restore . But I lost two hours of a lovely Sunday afternoon.Don ' t waste your money on this monstrosity . I will get a rebate from Microsoft , which I will donate to charity . As for the software , I 'm going to see if I can give it away . Shame on me . I have just stuck with my great Photosuite ...
 I 've used Microsoft Picture It ! for 4 + years . It 's a great program for simple image editing , making greeting cards , collages , adding text to photos , etc. . Microsoft 's biggest mistake with Digital Image Pro is the name because `` Pro '' implies this is a program for serious image editing . Not so . It should have been named Picture It ! Version7.I returned it to Microsoft for a refund . Then I evaluated trial versions of Photoshop Elements2 , PhotoImpact8 and Paint Shop Pro . I bought Elements2 as the most user-friendly and feature-rich program for serious image editing.My criteria for image editing software include
 I am giving this one star only because the review form wo n't allow ZERO stars ! This program really excited me -- all the things you could do with your photos -- add flash , adjust the backlighting -- WOW ! All the reviews I read sounded absolutely awesome !!! I reviewed the system requirements and found that my older computer system did meet those requirements . Although I thought this program a bit pricey , I wanted the capabilities this program would supposedly provide and so eventually I did break down and spend the money . Imagine my dismay when I discovered this software would NOT run on my computer ... my initial thought was that perhaps some glitch in my older system would not support this software after all ... I have now purchased a new computer and with an operating speed of 2.5 Ghz and 512Mb RAM there is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- no reason why this program should not operate properly and yet ... . every time I attempt to open a picture -LRB- in any format -RRB- , the program crashes so fast that it simply `` disappears '' ... . when you attempt to resolve the issue with tech support , you are directed to self-help that reveals a multitude of documents addressing known incompatibility issues ... their `` suggestions '' for resolving those issues include
 this software is a waste of money if you want to edit the white spots from flash pictures of your pet -LRB- s -RRB- . will not do it with red eye correction or paintbrush . i recommend paint shop pro 7 which will take care of the problem and it appears to have all the capability of picture it . plus it is shareware so you can get a 30 day evaluation period and not get stuck with a product that does n't fill the bill -- like picture it .
 I completely expected to LOVE this program ... I have Picture IT ! 99 , 2000 , 2001Publishing and 2002 Photo Premium . . I am an avid digital camera user . . and wanted this program sooooooo badly . . BUT >> I ca n't even open it . I have uninstalled and reinstalled three times . It keeps telling me some files are missing ... I can restart my computer and run set up again . . but it does n't run ... I paid -LSB- money -RSB- for this program today . . and it WILL be going back to the store tomorrow .
 Dear Amazon , I have tryed many times to register this program and it will not . I sent you the registration by fax and it still will not work.Thank you!Michelle
 Absolutely inferior to its predecessor ! This is a downgrade . For some reason , this seems to be a labotomized version of the last one . If you 're interested in the Picture it ! series , find the older versions . This version has removed a number of tools , such as the special effects tools . The silly putty tool is gone . There used to be a tool to blur edges , a very important tool when you cut and paste , when you need to remove the jagged edges . And if you want to resize text , you have to change the font point size in the menu . Before , you could simply resize the window . The only noteworthy additions are more title effects . I want a refund . There is no compelling reason to buy this program . I have also noticed that it defaults to using the inferior . png format instead of the . mix format , and the program is still buggy . I hate it . Its a waste of money . Get the older version . Its better and cheaper . Stay away from this product . Be skeptical of anyone giving it a good rating . It does n't sound like they know what they 're talking about .
 Do n't buy it . This is a scaled down version of previous offerings - and for more money ! M/S has taken away loads of good features and replaced them with nothing worthwhile . It 's the kind of a program that you 'd normally get free with a new scanner . Yes , it does the basics , but for a user of Picture it 2000 , 2001 or 2002 , this is NOT an upgrade .
 Have used Picture it for years and loved every version a little more with each version , until now . The Picture It Photo Premium in high tech terms -LSB- is bad -RSB- . Looks good , installs well . But it lacks a lot of the standard flexiblity in previous versions . I was expecting a lot more and got a lot less !!!
 You have to watch a video everytime you go to play the game and there is no way to save the child 's game . You have to re-enter the child 's name everytime and it then starts a new game . game relys a little to much on a child 's ability to manage a mouse , as that is all that functions . My son is better at the keyboard and using the arrows , so he gets frustrated with the game . It is to bad he ca n't use the mouse to practice sometimes and when he gets to frustrated or tired of that go to arrow keys or keypad . All in all I would ' t recommend this product , just based on the fact that you have to start a new game everytime .
 This software might have been helpful for past systems -- see system requirements -- but it would n't work on my daughter 's vista based laptop . The seller sold with integrity but I did n't read carefully enough . Please learn from my mistake . There are many other , newer products that would work -LRB- and have worked for me -RRB- far better .
 I am an intermediate guitarist and this method is meant for beginning guitarists and not for those who have played a few years . First off the video is bad bad bad . You can only view the instructor in a small box and seldom is he seen . You mostly see typed songs , chords and hear audio.What is really horrific is that the syncopation of the audio meter and the graphics are not in sync.Rather the graphics meter is ahead by 3 counts of the audio.Thus it is impossible to follow along.What you are really learning is how to play simple 3 chord songs that beginners should learn . This is a TOTAL waste of money . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 I was excited at the prospect of getting this product . I own Delphi5 , and the idea of an upgrade that I could use to support my existing code as well as upgrade to . net in future or even -LRB- horror of horrors leave Delphi and Switch to C# -RRB- seemed great , talk about covering all your bases . The new features sounded sensible too . Synch editing -LRB- where changing a single identifier in a selection changes all the others -RRB- seemed a great idea.Having always stuck with Borland in the past I was expecting something professional and polished , sadly I think Borland have lost the plot.D2005 tries to be a Jack of all Trades and ends up being a master of none.The user interface is cluttered -LRB- it took me about ten minutes just to hide all the options for . net , interweb etc when i was trying to build a win23 application . I think it would have made far more sense to present the user with a wizard at startup that would have determined which components appear in the IDE.Performance is awfull , I have a fast -LRB- ish -RRB- machine , AMD Athlon XP 3200 + with 1 GB Ram , and the IDE would frequently freeze for three or four seconds at a time whilst I was navigating through my code . The minimum specs of a PII/450 are a joke as are the recommended specs of a PIII/850 . Even after turning off code completion and virtually all the other editor options it was still barely usable -LRB- in fact if only the options that were available in Delphi 5 are switched on , peformance is still terible -RRB- . And reliability ! I had to do a double take on this , I was sure I must have installed something incorrectly or done something else wrong . It is unbelievably bad . I got constant Access Violations -LRB- I think Borland knew full well how unreliable it was going to be because ` helpfull ' dialogs pop up explaining that a AV has occurred and asking you if you still want to save your work ! do n't remember that in previous versions ! -RRB- and after these AV 's any other action would result in further AV 's . I think a lot of the reliability is down to memory leaks in the IDE . It would work OK for the first few minutes and then gradualy get worse and worse the more time I spent using it . I was so shocked at the reliability that I went onto Borlands Quality Central Site and , sigh , it was n't an instalation issue , lots of people were having the same problems . I uninstalled the application , then reinstalled clean and added the patches available from the QC site but it made little if any difference . Eventually I gave up and reinstalled Delphi5 , ah bliss , fast IDE , fast builds -LRB- its actually a lot faster to constantly rebuild to check your code for errors in Delphi5 then it is to use highlighting in Delphi 2005 -RRB- no AV 's ! Overall then
 I have used Avery Design pro for a few years already and really did like the things it did.However - for some unknown reason the old -LRB- free -RRB- program I was using quit working . It was not a demo it came on a disc that I got inside of Avery products I purchased some years ago.Long story short ... The new program will not install.After many weeks of working with Avery and Microsoft the only explination is - my installer has a problem.Funny thing is - I have loaded other programs and they worked fine.The last possible cure mentioned so far is - DUMP THE SYSTEM completely and reboot . That sounds drastic to me so I will keep trying to repair the problem.Too bad for these delays.I already have a folder full of saved short cuts with Avery . My wife 's quilt club needs some of these things done again . Have no way to replace them without going through it with a picture program that does not work very well.FrustratedRichard M.
 low grade and not all that fantastic . . keyboard cover is model specific . should have went with Mavis . Will buy and review another typing tudor .
 I purchased TypeRightNow in October 2011 . The product , as advertised , includes a `` patented SpeedSkin keyboard cover for your standard desktop PC '' which is promoted as assisting in learning keyboard mastery . It arrived in a box which prominently advertised it included the keyboard cover , but there was no cover . I returned TypeRightNow and got another , it also did not contain the keyboard cover . TypeRightNow contains misleading advertising/packaging . I have not tested the product .
 This CD would not work in my desktop . I called and they called me back the next week and sent me another CD . It does n't work either and they stopped returning my calls.I put it in my laptop and it worked in the laptop , but the little orange skin you get in the box does not fit a laptop keyboard . Beware of that . It only fits a desktop keyboard . So I finally plugged my desktop keyboard into my laptop and propped it up on the laptop and did the exercises.There is no audio . I thought there would be . I thought these programs would have games and be fun . Nope , just letters that appear on the screen for you to type . Drills . They appear on the screen for you to type and you get written feedback on the screen telling you how you are doing and what you should do differently . It 's dull.I 'll update this review after I try another product . Obviously I am disappointed that it does not work on my desktop . I 'm also disappointed that there is no audio , just screen instructions . And finally , there are no games . I 've heard there are some really enjoyable programs out there , so I am going to order another one and see how it compares .
 I purchased the package -LRB- $ 29.95 -RRB- because the keyboard cover -LRB- $ 10 alone -RRB- is required on all of the computer class keyboards at my college campus , where I have to go to take my tests for an advanced online computer class . The cover moves when typing and should be used only as a memorization tool for students , not for speed or accuracy -LRB- which many instructors misuse the product for -RRB- . The program is very elementary and should be used only for the earliest learners . You can only log one user for the program , so it can not be used for multiple learners at home . Painting the keys -LRB- free -RRB- and using Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- is what I would recommend for anyone learning the keyboard , which is how I taught my three homeschooled teenagers .
 Hello!I bought this product , but it did n't help . I can not open the software and see these pictures.I will make a return as soon as possible .
 This is not a program that ran well on my computer . I could get the lessons to download . However the `` reward games '' part of it would not . Everytime you finished a lesson I would get an error code and then I could only go on to the next lesson . This is no reward for a child learning how to type . I called the company and they e-mailed me a link to get the updated version and I got the same thing with that one too . There is a link to download a `` fix '' to this problem . Instead of fixining the problem it messed up my computer!The Sponge Bob typing program is the next one I purchased and I must say it is much more `` user friendly '' . The only drawback is that you need the disk everytime you play . But you will get better results in the end.I would advise against getting Typing Instructor for kids ... either version . Sponge Bob is slightly more expensive but you know the saying
 Try as I might , I could not get this thing to play on my computer -- a Dell running Windows XP , Media Edition . The seller proposed that I try reconfiguring my computer , and advised that I had done everything all wrong by trying the settings suggested in the Windows Compatibilty Wizard . Ah well , I do n't see my way clear to re-doing my whole computer just on account of one game . I must say , I 'm disappointed after reading all the great reviews of this program . Not sure I 'll even be able to get my money back !
 I bought this because of the excellent reviews , but my 8-year-old and 6-year-old sons found it horrible . I thought they were just being whiny , so I ran the program myself . Turns out my sons were n't just complaining ! The characters are undynamic to the point of uninteresting . So we also tried SpongeBob Typing a month later and found it much more engaging . SpongeBob Typing also did a better job of controlling the children 's progress so they would be ready for the games and drills , and for moving to the next lesson . Typing Instructor moved them before they were ready -- perhaps attempting to compensate for the dull nature of the game with premature advancement.Ugh , look for my copy of Typing Instructor II on ebay !
 This product is not compatible with Vista , and trying to contact the company to get the appropriate patch is almost impossible ...
 My child can not proceed with the next level/lesson because he says it got stuck on the 1st one . I have n't looked at it yet , but any decent program should automatically advance to succeeding level . Hopefully , I can make it work when I find time to mess with it .
 This is the most boring typing game imaginable . I could n't get my son interested in it for two minutes . The box says for ages 7 and up . Might be slightly thrilling for a very attentive four year old if that !
 Notice the dates on the previous reviews . This product is purchasable , but is unsupported by Borland/Embarcadero . They did n't even develop it . Codewright corp did , and they sold their product to Borland as version 7.5 . Needless to add -- Visual studio 2005 and later are not supported .
 I bought Poker Academy Pro 2.0 online and like it so much that I bought the other software by the same company -LRB- Prospector -RRB- . Recently I re-installed my operating system and had to re-install everything . For my big surprise , when I tried to register Poker Acedemy it did n't work because it requires a online registration and the company that used to sell it does n't exist anymore . I lost my money !!!!! I bought , I paid for it , but I ca n't use it .
 I have been using this program for years . This year is the last due to the Microsoft style registration . I had a crash and re-installed on a different computer and was denied activation by Intuit . I OWN IT !!! I will be trying something different next year .
 In all honesty , I have used TurboTax in the past , and it was an excellent product . However , I refuse to use a product with this type of activation scheme.Having to supply personal information to Intuit for the privelage of registering and using the software you purchased is bad enough.When you add on the horrifying prospect of wading through automated phone menus and talking to interns at some call center trying to get re-activated , ... there is simply no question about it .
 Have been TurboTax customer and fan for 15 years . Usually get my return done in under 2 hours . This year could not get the program to `` activate . '' Spent more than 10 hours on the phone with tech people -LRB- in name , at least -RRB- until got through to the office of the President of Intuit and was finally told that the `` activation '' scheme will not work with 98SE and my only recourse was to upgrade to later version of Windows . Despite the fact that TT is advertised , even today , as compatible with 98 ! I need to do a 4th quarter estimate for 2002 in 8 days and I do n't know what I 'm going to do . Turbo Tax is no longer the company we grew to admire -- and rely upon .
 For the past couple years I have been using Turbo Tax for filing return . However , due to the nature of spyeare that came with the Intuit product this year , I turned to Tax Cut to do my filing . And let me tel you this , Tax Cut is as good as Turbo Tax with less hassle as far as the installation concerns . Good bye Turbo Tax and hello Tax Cut from now on .
 I found their little spyware jewel when trying to debug a touchpad delay problem that mysteriously appeared the day after installing TurboTax 2002 . A support rep. suggested I un-install TurboTax to see if that was the problem . He manually guided me to disable the spyware -LRB- FOR WHICH THERE IS NO UN-INSTALL -RRB- . I 've used TurboTax for 6 years but never again . These guys did a very ugly thing .
 This is my first purchase of TurboTax and was very impressed by its ability to calculate my tax . However , I was rather upset and worried when I discovered that Intuit installs SpyWare on my machine . How could Intuit do this ? Afterall it 's a financial software with my private financial information . I 'm going to switch to TaxCut next year .
 Norton Antivirus let me know that turbotax wanted to do bad things ... Amazon reviews and technical sites told me what ituit wanted to do . TaxCut and Money 2003 for me -- Rebates in 10 calendar days . BTW
 I have used many previous incarnations of Turbo Tax , until recently thinking it was the greatest thing since sliced bread . But last year dimmed my enthusiasm , and this year killed it . Both years I had trouble with totally unresponsive customer support people whose automatic answer to everything is to deinstall and start over . After spending over an hour downloading updates and then having it interrupted , the program provided no way to resume the update . When I asked Customer Support , they gave me the deinstall response . It was over 3 hours after I originally started Turbo Tax up -LRB- already installed -RRB- before I could start entering any personal information.Both last year and this , my impression was that the company did n't care about my problems since they already had my money .
 The software was fine until I noticed a process running on my PC that was taking up about a meg of memory . I keep my computer tuned very tightly as I am an avid game player . Anyway , after researching a little to find out where this process came from I discovered that TurboTax had installed something called `` C-Dilla '' . This background application stays on your system and does not shut down when you close TurboTax . In fact , even if you uninstall TurboTax it still remains . The BAD news is . . if you decide to get rid of this annoying little `` license checking '' ... software from your computer , your copy of TurboTax will no longer function correctly . This is probably not too bad though as most people who see this kind of activity will most likely not trust the rest of the software either.My recommendation is
 I installed Turbotax in December , 2002 . In January , I upgraded my machine -LRB- same machine , different drives -RRB- and reinstalled my software . Guess what , TurboTax will not activate ! I had to spend a long time talking on the phone to Intuit and finally got a new product key.Guess what happens if 2 years from now and God forbid , you have a new machine and you have to go back to your tax returns ! I asked Intuit this question and the answer I got was that I was not going to be able to!I will not use TurboTax again !
 Despite a strong recommendation a few weeks ago in the Wall Street Journal to avoid TurboTax and switch to TaxCut this year , I stuck with TurboTax since I 've been a happy Intuit customer for several years.Never again will I use TurboTax . Not unless they make two critical changes back to the way things used to be :1 . Eliminate the new `` Activation Feature . '' Unless you only ever use one computer , this makes things a royal pain .2 . Provide a means to back up the state software download . I now apparently have to keep TurboTax forever loaded on my computer if I ever want to access the online state software again.This does n't even address the spyware they 've added this year . All this from the one software company that I 've given the most money to by far over the years . Shameful .
 I used to like this program , then last year it failed to connect when efiling . I pasted it off and mailed my returns . Only then to fight and never receive my efiling refund.Since it is simple tried again this year ... My return was rejected and had to fix a minor error . Their system charged me again , even though it is very clear that any rejected return is refiled at no cost . Now it appears they are going to try and make me jump through hoops to get this refund.After last years problem , I know they have stolen my money . Guess I 'm off to call the cridit card company to refuse the charge . Then at least it 's in their court to show why I was charged twice .
 This product silently installs a copy protection program , which can not be easily deleted or uninstalled . It does so without your knowledge.While Intuit makes a decent product , there are other alternates , such as TaxCut , that will not permanently install unrelated software that cant be removed on your pc.Boycott all Intuit Products until Intuit PUBLICALLY APOLOGIZES and issues a FIX .
 After a long and satisfying run with Intuit software products , I fear it is time to part . Turbo Tax software did terrible things to my system , including the installation of a resource hogging program called C-Dilla . After several unsuccessful attempts to get the software installed , update and running , I finally gave up and attempted to uninstall it . Much to my surprise , my CD-RW suddenly quit working , and after hours of research , phone calls , assistance from friends , etc , the root cause was found to be the C-Dilla services which were installed without my knowlege , and running in the background . Fortunately , Windows XP system rollback removed the offending software without a trace , except for some hidden sectors on my hard drive which are not accessed if the C-Dilla software is not installed . Sorry Intuit , but I have better things to do than deal with problems caused by a formerly excellent product gone bad .
 After using turbotax for the past 5 year and enjoying it , I will never buy Intuit products again . Just the advertising they load onto the desktop is reason enough , but add in the `` Activation '' and `` C-Dilla '' junk and they are through with me .
 After using Turbo Tax in 2000 on my IMAC with Virtual PC , I bought Tax Cut for the MAC on CNETS recommendation in2001 . Tax Cut was so buggy I switched back to TT.The activation software sabotages my windows emulatorand prevents the program from running . Installation wasflawless , but it wo n't run . PC requirements in TT adsdo n't mention not running in PC emulators . I foundthat out after opening the box . No one should have to havesoftware activated . We already paid for it . Intuit refused tohonor the 60 day `` Unconditional Warranty '' so I filed a complaint with the Silicon Valley BBB for a refund . All we want is software that works and gives us no hastle . I hopea competitor that with stable software puts Intuit out of business .
 I have been a Turbo Tax user from the beginning . I am so glad I read this review . I was going to buy Turbo Tax but no more EVER ! I have to put up with the product activation with Microsoft and dread my calls I have to make since I frequently upgrade my hardware . I do n't have to stand for this with tax software . I do n't need anything beyond the IRS to raise my contempt . Intuit has taken the fatal step . Nice knowing you Intuit . I quit Lotus 123 and went to Quatro for the same reason -LRB- for those old enough to remember what those products are -RRB- . Now I think I will take some time and find a product that I can use that does n't insult me right up front . BTW , I would rate this product a zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars , but Amazon.com does n't go that low .
 I 've used Turbo Tax for the last few years but this will be my last . The activation is annoying and I discovered I could only load it on one PC . I used to be able to work on my return at work during lunch but no longer . I found out after I bought it that the Tax Cut package does allow you to have it on more than one PC . I 'm sorry I bought it . Bill in Wayne NJ USA
 What a let down from the old Turbo Tax ! Intuit has really stepped in it with this release . I 'm moving on to another tax program for 2003 tax purpurses !
 Purchased this because I have used TT since 1992 . What a mistake , as others have pointed out . Took advantage of the store 's return policy and purchased TaxCut . No problems installing or using.Had 1993 through 2000 TT tax data on my hard disk . I just found out that the 2001 TT program over-wrote all my previous data so that regardless of what year I try to bring up , I get 2001 !! Support ? What support ? The person I spoke to knew less than I !
 I was surprised by the once only activation scheme . I often install software multiple times and my systems change at least every 6 months . Intuit 's scheme of activation once is like buying a voucher and getting free software . I have an expectation to be able to use this software in a year if I need to . With the current scheme , I will have to pay again if my system is rebuilt or I want to run the program on a different machine ...
 I have been using TurboTax for the past few years . And this year I was about to buy the new 2002 version , but after reading all the negative reviews about the spyware and other problems , it made me feel uneasy buying TurboTax this year . I 'm glad I did n't buy the software yet . It probably saving alot of headache . I will check out other tax softwares instead . Thanks for all the reviews .
 After being a loyal TurboTax user for years , I am disappointed at this year 's product and would not have purchased the 2002 version had I known earlier about not only the Safecast feature , but also its ever-increasing advertisements for products included only at additional cost . If they thought some of these add-on products were so invaluable , why did n't they just include them as part of the package ... or ask at the very end of the interview session , `` Is there any other ... . we can sell you ? ''
 Consider your purchase of TT carefully ! For 2003 it is crippled with C-dilla Safedisk copy protection ... It must be registered by phone or internet and you can only install a full featured TT ... on a single computer -LSB- at a time . -RSB- Furthermore C-dilla ... can not be easily removed from your system and remains after TT is removed . This year TT is also full of accidently tripped upgrade offers that are at least infuritating and possibly expensive ...
 Like so many others , I have been using Turbo Tax for serveral years . I think that it is time to move on to something else.When installing you need to activate your software so that you can use it . Before the installation is completed you are asked if you want to unlock Quicken ... Once the program starts you are bombarded with upgrade offers for other Turbo Tax Products.This was the first year that I needed a form that was not included and so I had to update . That was a 30-40 minute process . Granted I live in the Stone Age and still use dial-up , but the Library of Congress will download quicker.This was one irritation after another . I 'd rather shove slivers under my fingernails .
 I 've been a Turbo Tax -LRB- and Quicken -RRB- customer for the past 6 years ... religously upgrading each year . I 'd heard about the activation and -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- installs with this version of Quicken , but decided to give it a shot anyway because I was a loyal customer . Big Mistake!Turbo Tax will not activate on my machine at all . I 've been through 3 chat sessions and two phone calls , and the -LSB- people -RSB- at Intuit ca n't get it to work . I 've uninstalled and re-installed 11 different times . No luck . So now I 'm out -LSB- the money I paid -RSB- and about 4 hours of my time ! It would have been easier to do my taxes by hand!Someone should tell the business wizards at Intuit that their most precious asset is not the `` intellectual property '' they seem so proud of ... but their base of loyal customers ! Looks like they forgot that software is supposed to make your life easier ... not more complicated.As for me ... I 'm done with Intuit for good . I just ordered MS Money and TaxCut . I encourage you to do the same .
 Intuit 's TurboTax Deluxe installed unwanted software on my computer , causing a lot of issues . It installed IE 5.5 , then I could not surf at all until I installed Netscape , then later did a total reinstall of Windows 98SE . Intuit 's software also installs DRM Macrovision Safecast and C-dilla . After Turbotax installation , my computer 's sound has been locking up . The authentication will present some problems if you change major hardware components or you decide to get a new computer . Intuit 's support team was not much help . I 've decide to switch to TaxCut which can import last year 's TurboTax files and TaxCut is a much better value anyway.Update
 Installed TT yesterday BEFORE reading about the C_Dilla spyware . I am going to return it to the store and get Tax Cut . Why would TT do that ? Activation is one thing . . but collecting info ? I hope I do not need to reformat my HD to get rid of C_Dilla .
 Not only does it contain -LSB- C-dilla -RSB- , but if you get one of those CD 's they sent out , install it , and then decide to purchase the software in the store , it will not work!The resources it uses constantly makes your computer run like a herd of turtles.For the trouble it has caused me , they should give me a refund plus labor for the 3 hours it took to reformat my hard drive and install all of my programs over.I have since purchased Taxcut and it blows Turbotax away . Now there 's how a tax software should work ! Turbotax , you lost another customer . Never again !!!
 I have been a loyal TurboTax user since it came out BUT no MORE ! I will try to find something without the `` product activation '' feature . I bought a new computer and loaded TurboTax . When I needed to exchange the new computer before I even started my taxes I found out INTUIT wanted me to buy another package ! I spent hours on the website and with tech service . After getting irrate with tech service they finally said `` just this one time I will give you a new key '' ! ... well just this LAST time will I buy TurboTax ! If one looks closely at this scheme it looks more like something cooked up by Marketing at INTUIT to milk their customers for multiple purchases -LRB- ex . home & work -RRB- ... buyer beware !
 Having used this program for many years - I am really disappointed this year . It never asked me to fill in information about business expenses on Form C ; I had to do it manually . When I bought it , I was told I will get a FREE state software , now I ca n't find any way to download it for free . The support on the website is lousy , and there seems to be no way to send an e-mail or get a phone no . Finally , I resent all the advertisements for other Intuit products that keep popping up as you prepare your taxes . Next year - I will find another product . Thank you Intuit .
 Have not been able to contact tech support by email or phone -LSB- installation error message inapproriate -RSB- . Save sales slip to support return
 Nothing but problems since the installation . I ended up reformatting my hard drive to make software work correctly after installing TurboTax . I will never buy Turbotax again.Check out TaxCut from H&R Block instead .
 I have used Turbo Tax Deluxe for the past 4-years with no problems . After receiving a Turbo Tax CD direct from Intuit , I installed it on my lap-top computer , paid for it on-line , then installed it on my desk top computer as I did for the last 4 years . But while installing it on my desk top computer I was directed to contact Intuit by phone for order confirmation because I needed a new product key . I tried calling Intuit for 8 days with no luck , finally when I reached a customer support rep , I was told that to install Turbo Tax on another computer I would have to purchase an additional license -LRB- ... -RRB- . Turbo Tax be assured that I will never use your software again .
 Does n't work worth a crap . This was the year that they had many problems and of which I was unaware before purchase .
 Wrong item sent . After initial fear that I had been scammed I got to enjoy the frustration of jumping thru their hoop of fire to return the wrong product on my nickle while waiting for the correct product to be shipped . It took numerous emails to complete the transaction -LRB- which they said confused them even though both different emails were listed for customer support -RRB- . The $ 2.00 they eventually refunded to me did not cover my out-of-pocket costs nor compensate for my effort to comply with their requirements and a follow-up reminder to them to do their job as promised . While they apologized at every turn -LRB- and there were many apologies -RRB- they eventually completed the transaction . My impression was this happens a lot to them as they had a full page procedure for me to follow on my end and appeared to be inept and off-guard on their end .
 Unfortunately , I installed this product before looking at any reviews -LRB- have been using it for years , faithfully purchasing it ever year -RRB- . The C-Dilla -LSB- program -RSB- appears to have interfered with my CD-RW ability ... in any event , its off to an alternate product for me . Hope to return it , we shall see how that goes .
 I am switching to Block 's TaxCut after using TurboTax for nearly ten years.Their new secret protection scheme can be a disaster for your other software and computer . According to Macrovision 's own product description , their protection software thwarts use of CD recording devices . There are reports of CD recorders being disabled from working on anything , protected or not.It is also very difficult to get the Macrovision SafeCast product off of your computer . It does not uninstall when TurboTax is uninstalled .
 What 's up with the installation of a third party solution for their problem with pirating software ? The `` C-Dilla / SafeCast '' installed on your PC without any knowledge . If you remove this the software package is then deemed as a `` trial '' version and it will not allow you to either Print or file your return electronically . If you uninstall Turbotax2002 in does not uninstall this third party application . It stays on your PC !! As first I did n't know what this third party program was but , it always was running in the background . So I figured it was a Trojan of something that should n't be there . To my dismay after I removed this third party application , I was unable to finish my tax return . When I was confronted by their online tech support , I was deemed guilty of piracy and needed to prove my innocence even though I had my receipt and legitimate copy that I purchased from a reputable retailer . After 30 minutes of chatting with the tech support individual they finally bent and gave me a new Product ID since my original one on the outside of the box was classified in their database as pirated !!! This may be the last time that I ever buy one of their products . I have been a loyal Intuit customer since buying my first copy of Quicken98 over 5 years ago . I really hope that they change their policies or they will very likely loose the market share that they currently have . By the rating of this software here it seems that I am not alone in feeling this way .
 I 've been a loyal user of Quicken , Quickbooks , and Turbotax for over ten years . The -LSB- program -RSB- included in TurboTax 2002 has now forever turned me against any Intuit product . That it installs secretly and does not uninstall when you remove Turbotax is incidious . It keeps running , consuming memory and watching your PC -LRB- they claim it does not gather information about your PC . . huh ? . . if it did not , how could it know you 've upgraded your PC ? -RRB- . Shame on them .
 Same story - I used TT -LRB- * paid * for it -RRB- for 10 + years , got stung by the activation nonsense when I bought a new laptop , endless hours on the phone with technical support -LRB- no help whatsoever -RRB- , returned it , ... now I 'm a TaxCut user.If you made the same purchase mistake , I 'd suggest you be persistent in requesting your refund.I would have never considered TaxCut until this year . I should thank Intuit for directing me to a cheaper , high-quality product that does n't make me feel like a criminal .
 I have used TurboTax for 5 years or more and have always been happy with the product . In the past I always recomended it to others . I picked up my copy of Turbo Tax this year installed it and later learned about their activation codes and products that may run in the background and are installed without my permission.I may use Turbo Tax this year as I have paid for it , but next year I may go with TaxCut or something else.Think twice before you get this .
 After first installing this program I installed a new hard drive . It took at least two toll calls and three plus hours to re-activate the program so that I could use it with out purchasing a new license . No more Intuit products for me.Davidr
 There 's a lot of hype going around about the copy protection scheme in Turbotax . Much of it is overblown . But even ignoring the hype , Intuit has blown it big time .1 -RRB- The copy protection scheme used by Intuit is invasive . It works by installing and running an unwanted program on your computer . This program runs 100 % of the time . You ca n't turn it off , and you ca n't uninstall it even when you remove turbotax . -LRB- Intuit has recently release a separate uninstaller for the copy protection scheme , but first you have to download it , and many people are saying that it does n't work -RRB- .2 -RRB- Intuit is punishing/annoying/infuriating it 's paying customers to stop a few thieves . The vast majority of Turbotax customers are honest , and they want one just thing from TT . A safe reliable way to do their taxes . It does n't make sense to use pirated tax software to save 30 bucks .3 -RRB- The Intuit customer support deptartment is so overwhelmed by all the problems this has caused that you should expect a 30-60 minutes wait to talk to anyone at Intuit about anything . This includes activating your product if you ca n't do it on-line . But do n't take my word for it , try to call them .4 -RRB- But here 's the killer
 I have used TurboTax -LRB- TT -RRB- for the last 7 years . This year I am not going to use it because of its bad product activation method . The product installs other programs without asking or informing users . These other programs run all the time while the computer is on , even when TT is not running . They do not get uninstalled when you uninstall TT . You have to run a separate uninstall for them . I will not buy TT as long as they have this type of product activation method . I returned the product and baught TaxCut and found it as good as TT I have used in the past . I have also heard rumors that these extra programs installed by TT interfer with CD-ROM drive and also may be spying on the user regarding user 's activity on internet .
 I have used TurboTax for eight years , but this year they have used a highly intrusive , insidious ... registration/copy protection -LSB- program -RSB- called C_dilla . They do n't tell you they 're going to install it ... . It loads every time at Windows startup whether TurboTax is used or not . After three hours trying to uninstall TurboTax and C_dilla , I finally had to use the Windows system restore feature to roll back by computer to a prior restore point . I am now going to return this product . I wo n't let it on my computer ...
 I 've used TT since '96 when I purchased my first PC . The software itself has generally been OK , but nothing special.A couple of years ago I experienced installation problems and called Intuit 's `` support '' line . I ended up speaking to someone who sounded like a 13-year-old kid and who treated me in a very condescending manner . -LRB- Not that this kind of treatment is justified under any circumstances , but I know a fair bit about computers and programming , so it 's not like this guy was forced to teach a new computer user how to use his system for the first time ! -RRB- Anyhow , the final diagnosis was that there was a `` problem with my system '' and that I would need to install from 3.5 '' diskettes . -LRB- These acutally did work , but somehow the other 50 or so programs I have on my system installed just fine from the CD-ROM drive -RRB- . Thanks to all of you who pointed out the C-Dilla issue , I 'll just pass on TT and Intuit forever.TaxCut , come to papa ...
 TurboTax is a unique product because it 's essentially expire-ware , use once , before April 15 , then not again . On the other hand , you have an expectation that it will work well.While I 've been using the product for over seven years , I can no longer recommend this software . In fact , would encourage people to seek alternatives.First , TurboTax has become too bloated . During several operations it tries to upsell you to other versions of TurboTax or paying for advice . For example , we had some consulting income and now it wants us to shell out an additional forty bucks for the home and business edition in order to do the incremental work on Schedule C. I am very offended at feeling like Intuit is trying to extricate additional ransom . Just give me the form.Second , navigation is terrible . They 've fattened it up so much with questions about all the weird permutations -LRB- employee stock options , railroad taxes , etc -RRB- that I spent twice the amount of time last year just trying to skip over stuff that does n't apply.Third , transferring data from previous returns , and even Quicken , is still largely a hack . The data is incomplete and thus unreliable . Furthermore , they lack an obvious bit of functionality
 I have used TurboTax for quite a while , but after seeing 90 % of all recent reviews negative , I 'm using TaxCut this year . Hopefully Intuit will incorporate the necessary changes for next year . The overwhelming number of negative reviews indicates to me more than just a perceived problem .
 I 've used and loved TurboTax for years , but I 'm not this year . First the installation failed and tech support was not helpful in resolving the problem , so I ca n't get it to run.Second it leaves all these silly icons on your desktop -LRB- and does n't remove them when you install -RRB- . And now I learn about the activation / -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- issue . The TurboTax uninstall program does not remove C-DILLA , so you have to find the uninstaller on Intuit 's site to remove it ... Given all this , I 'm not inclined to further troubleshoot the installation problem ...
 I am like many other reviewers in that I have been using turbo tax for years . Basically I pick up a copy at the local Frys Electronics every year -LRB- they have a couple of pallets at each store -RRB- . This year I saw a bunch of taped notices on the pallets warning about `` C-DILLA '' and the authentication scheme . Well , since Fry 's has a pretty good return policy -LRB- if you can stand to wait in their line -RRB- I decided to give it a try ... BOY WHAT A MISTAKE I MADE ... Once the C-DILLA software was installed -LRB- which by the way is never mentioned in their documentation and does n't uninstall when you uninstall Turbo Tax -RRB- it started `` interfacing '' with my CD/RW and DVD/RW such that I began to have other issues outside of Turbo Tax . I ended up spending almost 8 hours -LRB- I 'm a computer engineer by trade -RRB- researching and working at removing this program from my computer . Use google to find some of the `` analysis '' of the program . Its not pretty what it is capable of and the fact that Intuit does this both without telling you and -LRB- apparently -RRB- without doing enough internal research to know what they were getting into just boggles the mind.Needless to say , I returned the package to Frys . Apparently I was n't the only person . It took less time to return this package than anything else I had ever returned . They just took one look at the product and started filling out the paperwork . Note that Frys typically caters to silicon valley engineering types -LRB- course they are in other places too , but there is a pretty good engineering density here -RRB- so the number of returns here might be higher . Who knows.As a software distributor , I 'd be leary of selling this product with a return rate that high . The overhead cost of returns would totally eat out of my distribution profit . Who knows , maybe this will `` break the camels back '' . I drive past the Mountain View Intuit offices almost every day . Now I wonder what they were thinking in those buildings ...
 I purchased TurboTax 2002 before the product activation issue hit the fan . When I read the license , I sent it back on principle and received a refund . I bought TaxCut and found it marginally adequate for simple returns , but encountered too many bugs to have any confidence in its final results -LRB- e.g. formulae were displayed instead of calculated values -RRB- . My return for this year was unusually complex , time was running out , and it was too late to shop around for an accountant , so I bought TTax -LRB- again -RRB- , did the return , printed it , and uninstalled it.I 'm concerned about being unable to access my tax data file in the event of a TCMP audit in 5 years if Intuit gets bored with TTax and drops support . Just as a test , I installed it on a computer with the date set to year-end and no Internet connection . It would n't open the file.Next year I 'm just going to do my return using Excel to do the calculations , and I 'll use the IRS-provided Acrobat Reader fill-in forms when I 'm ready to print . The cost will be zero , the added time will be minimal -LRB- one really has to read the instructions and understand the form that TTax produces anyhow -RRB- , and there will be no ` Product Activation ' issue.I do n't steal -LRB- make illegal copies of -RRB- software . I 'm just not buying any software that I ca n't install if the vendor goes belly up .
 I bought every year 's TurboTax without looking at reviews or features , based on many years of good will from excellent software . Never again . Many reviewers mentioned the problem with product activation that prevents you from filing amended returns if you or the IRS decides you need to . That alone makes TurboTax completely unsuitable for use . A second problem I have n't seen mentioned is that it will not run under Win4Lin -LRB- runs Windows applications under Linux -RRB- and I do n't want to reboot to Windows-only just to run the tax software . But thank goodness I installed TurboTax only under the Win4Lin virtual Windows which I can rebuild fairly easily . If I had installed it on my native PC and C-Dilla had modified my Master Boot Record , who knows if I would ever be able to repair my computer ? * DANGER * stay away from this program !
 I had problems right from the start . It says you can transfer info form Last year 's taxcut data . Its false . It does not work . I had to spend 4 days of chat with support . And still not resolved.Here are the various suggestions given during chat.All of them do n't work.chat1
 I love TurboTax , but hate this new activation . I should n't have to search the net for information about an unauthorized piece of software running in the background . When I saw something called c-dilla , I immediately thought it was a virus , but found out that TurboTax is what installed it . Shame on them .
 If you use a boot loader different from what Windows installs into boot sector -LRB- i.e. the Bootmagic from Partition Magic , the System Commander , GRUB , or any other multiboot loader -RRB- , TaxCut copy protection softare will render your PC UNBOOTABLE .
 I 'm gald I read reviews before buying a product . I do n't want to take the chance of not being able to use the program when I need to . Having to pay for tech support to get another key appears to me as a way for Inuit to increase the bottom line . What a nightmare it would be if all your software required you to call them after a system crash or update . No thanks .
 I used Turbo Tax for a long , long time . Every year there would be some awful problem , some point where the instructions were unclear , or I had to go to the post office and get a form they did n't have , or a worksheet I would have to do by hand . It was easier than doing it by hand , but it was not easy or intuitive . Last year I got a deal on HR Block , and gave it a try . It was soooo much easier . Plus , they did not try to hijack my machine with snitchware . If I was Intuit reading these reviews , I would be scared .
 it removed my email created problems with my computer .
 TurboTax Deluxe is OK but there is a better altenative . Go to Intuit.com and file using TurboTax for the web - same version compatible with Windows and Mac . Also IRS Free File available at Intuit for federal and state returns with AGI of $ 27,000 or less . Note that TurboTax Free File is free for state -LRB- Maryland -RRB- as well as for federal returns . Others such as TaxCut are free for federal but charge as much as $ 19.95 for the state return .
 If you do n't agree with the new licensing scheme , then let customer support know by emailing ` support@intuit.com' . Let them know how you feel and what you 'd like to see changed . Maybe they 'll listen and change the product installation and licensing process . Vote with your pocketbooks , as they say . Maybe Intuit will listen , if enough people complain , and change their evil ways.Otherwise , I think the product is good . I 've been an end-user since 1993 . However , with the above problems I now only give it 2 stars , instead of 4 .
 I will switch to another product next year due to the activation scheme . I used Intuit 's Turbo Tax for many years . I am also considering switching from other Intuit products for the same reason .
 I 'm not happy with the hidden directory and the ... install of software but those can be removed , the hidden sector writing ca n't be undone unless I reformat my drive and that is not acceptable . This will be the last year I will use this product.ong as I uninstall it from the old one . This will be my last year that I buy TurboTax if they continue with this activation .
 Disturbed by INTUIT 's attempt at piracy policing this year!I have a PC at home that does not have internet . I was hoping to get started on my taxes at home and then finish up from my work computer to do the efiling . However , as everyone else is experiencing , INTUIT , had the `` bright '' idea this year to limit the use of the product to ONE computer , even after charging close to $ ... ! It is all GREED , since they sell this product yearly ! I 'm returning this software tomorrow in exchange for Tax Cut , which is actually cheaper .
 I 'm about to replace my Compaq PC with a new Dell , and this is how I learned the implications of this new `` Activation '' scheme.I do n't want C-Dilla to be permanently stealing 1 meg of my system 's main memory every time I startup my PC , and I do n't want the hassle of having to sit on the phone for hours waiting for a customer service rep every time I want to re-install Turbo Tax -LRB- or retire my old computer as I am doing -RRB- . I 've been a loyal Turbo Tax and Quicken customer for at least 10 years , but no more . I am not going to allow them to pollute my new PC with C-Dilla . I 'm returning both Turbo Tax 2003 and Quicken 2003 for a refund , and I am converting to Tax Cut and Microsoft Money .
 Unfortunately , there is not a rating choice of ZERO -LRB- or even negative -RRB- stars , so take my 1-Star rating with a ton of salt.Like so many others , I had a terrible time getting my licensed copy of TT2002 Deluxe activated . I finally succeded , no help from Intuit . Now , nearly a year later , I tried to go back into TT to review my tax situation and do some what-iffing . Turns out I can no longer get to TT2002 . It seems something called C-Dilla got messed up and I am expected to divine the entrails and repair what came to me as an already defective product . C-Dilla , it turns out , is Spyware and was quarantined by my anti-spyware product . How was I to know that this piece of spyware was planted in my machine by Intuit . That 's the sort of thing you expect of hackers and spammers , not of your financial software company!I was a TT adherent for many years . I even recommended TT to others . I would not now recommend this product to my worst enemy.When you try and get support , their support page is incomprehensible - they rather expect you to be technically expert , a programmer ! I am neither . And , I do not relish the challenge of staying at home -LRB- where it is installed -RRB- so I can talk on the phone with their support ? group at $ 20.00 a pop , just to fix the DEFECTS IN THEIR PRODUCT !
 Do not use Quicken products if you can avoid it , I came to this conclusion after I installed turbo tax basic and found that it secretly installed Macrovision 's C-dilla anti-piracy software . You can disable this useless software by going to the RUN cmd utility in the start menu , and entering services.msc located in my windows services , then right click on the C-dilla entry and choose to disable it -LRB- instead of automatic -RRB- . C-dilla is anti piracy software-Quicken admits so much , and this software will not uninstall with Quicken -LRB- gee , I wonder why they set it up like that if its just installed to protect quicken products from being pirated ?! , as Quicken claims -RRB- . I think that its best to let consumers decide EXACTLY what software they install on their computers -LRB- whose computer is it anyway ? -RRB- Unfortunately , companies such as Quicken and Real Networks -LRB- REALONE PLAYER also will spy on you -RRB- are pushing for a future where consumers are helpless lambs in their business plans . Give them no more credit than they would give you ! Think for yourself and free your computer , free your mind and understand what you are doing before you install useless junk on your computer that is spying on you.These accessory spyware programs will start themselves every time you boot up , and do not even need your permission to do so ...
 Intuit is way too smug . They assume that since they 've been around the longest , that they can arrogantly do whatever they want including enforcing product activation for a program that you use ONCE in your lifetime -LRB- each product is only good for the one year that you buy it -RRB- , trying to cross-sell you for an expensive upgrade at every turn as you get `` interviewed '' , and forcing you to send in THREE , I repeat , THREE separate rebate forms to THREE separate addresses instead of simply charging a fair price for their product.I 've used Quicken since the DOS days and will NOT use TurboTax again .
 The ill conceived product activation feature has turned me away from using Turbotax in the future . I have been using it for as long as I can remember . While I do n't mind registering a product , when I have to talk to Intuit 's sales representatives because I have bought a new computer , that is beyond reason . Have you tried contacting Intuit 's sales representatives ? Need I say more?Don ' t even think about buying this abomination .
 I 've been a TT customer for 9 years - and yes , I BOUGHT every version , including this year . The reviews here unnerve me and make me scared to install this product.First , I resent being treated like a thief . Second , I worry that I will be forced every year to buy TT only if I want to read the prior version of my tax files . Third , I hate having spyware on my computer , and modifying my hard drive.I usually do my taxes on one system , copy the files to my other system that 's connected to a printer . TT wo n't support this.If you have n't bought TurboTax yet , think very carefully - I am regretting my decision .
 I 've purchased Turbo Tax for the last 8 years . Every year I plunk down 30-40 bucks , and an additional 10 to 15 for their online filing . I will never do so anymore.As you can clearly see from the negative reviews , I was one of the very unhappy people that was stung by their spyware software . On our computer , we regularly run SpyBot . We are very busy people , with a newborn and a two income family . We managed to eek out a free 2 hour timespan last weekend that we were to do our taxes . I ran Spybot dutifully that Saturday morning , and noticed C-Dilla . I knew what this software does and promptly disabled it . Poof ! TurboTax also failed to start . Looking through their website , I found out that their `` support '' was not available on the weekend where MOST people would choose to use this specific piece of software.Called Monday and they accused me of copying the software , I explained what Spybot does and told they to kindly % @ * & ^ themselves as they would see in their customer database that I 've purchased -LRB- and Online filed -RRB- it for the past few years . The entire ordeal took about 15 minutes of mind numbing 5 sets of 8 to 25 alphanumeric numbers.H & R ; Tax Cut is just as good , my Controller uses it , and so will I next year .
 first , I have been a loyal customer of Intuit for over 9 yrs using both quicken and turbo tax . I have always purchased their products and have the snail mail -LRB- junk mail -RRB- to prove that I even register it . However if I had know that I could only install this product one time on a system that will be able to print/efile . Then I would have looked for another product . It was my mistake for buying it so early last year . I am in the process of looking for a replacement for Quicken as I am sure next year it will have the same registration technique . Fool me once shame on you fool me twice same on me .
 I 've used TurboTax every year for the past four years . For version 2002 Intuit stupidly requires an error prone activation routine that automatically attempts to contact Intuit over the Internet when the product is installed.Every time I try to run the activation routine on my computer I get a `` Vendor Error 8 , Tracking Code 120 '' message and no activation . Forget going to their `` customer service '' website for answers to this cryptic message . They provide no information on what it means and their suggested solution applies only to versions of Windows XP , 2000 or NT . My computer is precisely the same , in every respect , to that on which I installed TurboTax 2001 last year with no problems ... . I 'm returning it and purchasing TaxCut instead .
 TurboTax 2002 will not print to a shared printer . TurboTax 2001 did , but suddenly Intuit has decided that home networks are a thing of the past . Who would possbily want to print to a shared device on a local network ? I 've confirmed this with their tech support and posts to newsgroups . They insist this is not a bug . The software `` does not support networks '' . So they can figure out how to efile my claim on the internet , but they ca n't use standard MS libraries and functions to print a copy of my return ? Even the worst shareware programs no how to use a shared printer.So now I have to waste at least an hour of my time , probably more , to set up my printer on this machine so that I can print my efile documents . What a hassle . Of course , if I could just install the software on another machine , it would be simple ... but do n't get me started on their activation scheme.This was my second , and last time to ever purchase TurboTax . I ca n't believe the arrogance of Intuit . What an outrage ! What was such a great program last year is such a nightmare this year.Never again . Anytime I 've saved I 've completely lost trying to use my printer .
 I have used Turbo tax for the last six years and did n't expect anything to be too different . Switching to a new computer during the tax process was complicated by the new product activation . Why should I have to spend time downloading more software to remove the -LSB- program -RSB- Turbo has buried in my software . It looks like the switch to TAXCUT will be easy since they can import last years Turbo file . Now I need to figure out how to get my money back from Turbo .
 Not only the DRM is unacceptable but the installation process installs C-Dilla ... Without informing you first . You should know that C-Dilla will take a full meg of your RAM , have four -LRB- 4 -RRB- active threads , and is installed in several separate areas of your hard drive and -LSB- may -RSB- interfere with the regular use of your computer.I have returned the program for a full refund and will never again buy any program from Intuit .
 For many years I have used TurboTax to prepare and file my tax returns and until now have been pleased with their software . However with their new license restrictions I have decided to switch products . I bought a new computer and tried to tranfer my data only to find it would not print . In the online tech support area I learned they installed some sort of product license tracking . I get enough of a headache doing taxes I do n't want a bigger one dealing with licensing just to get the software to work . I returned the product to Cotco got my money back . Intuit lost me as a customer .
 I was a loyal TurboTax user for many , many years . Even though the product activation is not spyware per se , it does create Windows services that run , even after uninstalling TurboTax.In the simplest possible terms , this is flatly unacceptable . Unfortunately I did not retain my sales slip and can not return the product . The best I can do is vote with my feet.Hello TaxCut ! Sign me up for the lifetime plan !
 I have been a long-time user of TurboTax . The software itself is excellent and easy to use . However , over the years , there has been an increasing trend of the software to want to connect to the Internet , and to require the user to register the software . TurboTax 2002 was the last straw . While it is silly enough to have to type in a Product ID code when installing software , I can live with that . But there are few things that infuriate me more than forced registration -LRB- which is the reason I do n't use any Microsoft XP products -RRB- . As soon as I installed it , it immediately tried to connect to the Internet without any warning . Fortunately I had my firewall software running . Then I discovered that the program would n't even run until it was `` activated '' with Microsoft XP-style forced registration . I 'm sorry , but it is I who decide whether or not to register software , not the company . The ever-increasing arrogance of Intuit is unbelievable if they think customers will stand for this . I immediately uninstalled it and sold it to a friend . As far as I 'm concerned , they are punishing all of their legitimate customers , and they can just kiss me goodbye as a customer . I do n't like to stop using a good product , but the quality of a product is n't everything . I may have been married to TurboTax , but I just got a divorce and went to TaxCut . If Intuit comes to their senses in the future and stops this ridiculous practice , I will be happy to use TurboTax again . I should have read these Amazon.com reviews before I purchased it in the first place .
 I used to be a diehard TT user never again even if it 's free . First the spyware , I did my taxes and reformatted my computer . Second their site is the most user unfriendly site ever . Just make them so mad they wo n't come back . A negative 5 stars from me .
 I have used Turbo tax for a number of years , but will never do so again . I installed the program on a spare laptop at work , because of the many difficulties that I had read about from other reviewers about its effects on the machines it was installed on.The program was , despite a flawless connection to the internet , unable to `` activate '' itself via my internet connection . I do n't know why , and I do n't really care why . I have no desire to spend a bunch of time trying to figure it out , either . If it requires hours to get the connection working in order to `` activate '' the software -LRB- when my internet access is otherwise not a problem -RRB- , I might as well fill out my return myself , or pay someone else the 40.00 to do it.One of the most unforgivable things about this `` activation '' difficulty is that the need for an internet activation is not anywhere mentioned on the box , which states , in full
 I used to buy this product to simplify my life . Now with the multitude of marketing promotions , rebates , special savings , software bundles , product regristrations , single computer installs , coupon redemptions , and the like , I find that simply obtaining and installing this software is more of a hassle than just grabbing a pencil and filling out tax forms.The folks at Intuit seem to have forgotten that their customers are seeking convience and simplicity .
 I purchased this product last year and liked it . This year , Intuit sent me a special promotion to buy it early and it would be sent directly to me when I wanted it . I thought , `` Great ! '' Also , if I want a CD with the state program -LRB- instead of downloading from the their internet site , it was extra . I opted for paying extra for the state CD . They sent me a confirmation with the wrong state ! I wrote them several times to fix-it ! They kept referring me to their website and telling me how easy it would be to fix-it . Tried doing that several times . Did n't work ! Tried calling them . Nothing ! Finally , they told me they fixed it . But they wanted me to pay a second time . I paid again because I did n't want to deal with any more of the hassle . I GOT ANOTHER COPY OF THE WRONG STATE SOFTWARE ! I spent more time dealing with Intuit than I did using the software . In the end , I paid twice as much for the software , had to download off their website the state software anyway and had a headache . Next year , I 'm going to look at different software .
 I hope I will get money back in Costco . Will never use it again.I did not activate it and just hope they will go out of business.Will not ever use it again , not even for free.rk
 I have used TaxCut for 7 or 8 years and thought it did a fine job with my taxes . Last year , I switched to TurboTax , thinking it may have better integration with Quicken -LRB- which I 've used since it ran on DOS -RRB- . I found that it did no better or worse than TaxCut using my Quicken data . Given the fact that TaxCut has been perfectly fine and the the fact that TurboTax has all this copy protection hassle , I 'm going to use TaxCut this year , even though it means I have to throw out the CD that Intuit sent me and drive to the store to get TaxCut ...
 I loaded Turbo Tax a couple days ago , which started up fine and let me enter initial info . Today , I ca n't get in due to a ludicrous Product Activation issue - this ` feature ' has been a REAL pain in the neck . I ca n't get the product to activate via internet or by phone , tech support has been useless , and their own web page indicates my problem is a ` known issue ' and they are trying to get help from users to solve the problem ! Do n't even compare this to Windows XP product activation -- Intuit 's solution is VERY half-baked . If you have Windows 2000 or XP , I hope you have better luck than me getting TT going after a couple days ...
 As a previously satified user I was shocked when I found that TurboTax Deluxe 2002 had installed C-Dilla ... . I became outraged when I found the the uninstall of TT does not remove C-Dilla and leaves it running on my machine consuming my resources ... . I will recommend another product .
 After installing this software and using it for a while I was looking through my computer and found a Windows XP Service and a Folder that I could n't Identify
 Given the mess Quicken has made of their entire software line with this difficult and broken registration . I have sworn off all Quicken products after this nightmare .
 Turbo tax is a disaster this year.I spent one hour with product activation . The product activation codeon the box did not work . I had to go online and get a new activation codethat took a while to figure out.The rebate process is a nightmare ! I still hav n't gotten my rebate . You haveto cut out little bits of the box , fill in forms , make copies in case they screw upthe rebate and you have to show proof etc -- all designed to make you giveup . This is well known sales strategy - a small percentage of people actuallymail in rebates . So I guess if you make it frustratingly hard - no one willmail it in . Bad business practice.I 'm going to look out for some other tax software next year .
 First
 I have been a Turbo Tax user for over 10 years . I ordered this year 's version from Amazon.com and then canceled my order when I read the reviews . I should have read them first but like I said , I 'm a 10 year user . Anyway , I would have the same problem as others , I prepare the taxes on my laptop in the quiet of my study and then print on my ` main ' computer in the family room . I also refuse to purchase products that install ` agents ' that run in the background . I do n't see where Intuit has the right to install copy protection software on my computer . I ended up ordering Tax Cut ; it will import last year 's data from Turbo Tax .
 TaxCut Deluxe 2002 this year ... Because of the new added security components to Turbo Tax software , I will be switching over to Tax Cut , after several years as a faithful Intuit 's customer.The reason is that I do install it on two computers , one at home and another at work.I would first prepare it at home and play with it for awhile both at home and spare time at work , then finally I would print it at work -LRB- where there is a laserprinter , instead of Inkjet at home -RRB- . Thus the new added security component is too much hassle and too invasive for my taste.Hope this boycott would send a message to Intuit .
 Many years of TurboTax user . Satisfied with the way software works . But after I learned that SafeCast -LRB- something installed by TurboTax -RRB- is messing with my harddisk , potentially interfering with other softwares , I decided enough is enough . I would rather file returns by hand .
 I think everyone else review already said what I want to say . I have been using Turbo Tax since 1995 . I bought this year 's Turbo Tax without thinking initially , only to return it two days later . Now I become first time TaxCut customer .
 I have used Turbotax successfully for 8 years . No more.This year 's version flunks out . You are limited to printing your return on the first computer on which you install it . I bought a new computer after I received my Turbotax software . It is a major annoyance to get permission to install and print from my present computer . However , the real reason for the `` F '' grade is the inability of Turbotax to download updates and financial institution data with my firewall configured to give it maximum clearance . Turbotax does not offer worthwhile support , only suggesting that I completely uninstall my firewall.They have lost me as a customer .
 Well , what can I say . I am not the only one - After reading the business section of the Chicago Tribune on Monday the 10th of 2003 . WHy , Why Why - Not only does -LSB- C-dilla -RSB- provide a source of shame for Intuit - IT is like I was in a good relationship with TurboTax then it cheated on me .1 . I spend good money on a dinner -LRB- Turbo Tax Deluxe -RRB- year after year and not it cheats on me .2 . I get no support - I need to beg . Web suport is a joke `` hello you are 834 on the list please wait and I will be with you shortly , like an hour later and the system cuts off ? 3 . Why can I not do taxes at work and home ? do n't you trust me ? 4 . YOur update messed up your own application running on Xp ? Now I need to call you for reactivation.Bye Bye Intuit
 There have been many claims that C-dilla is not spyware . This is n't strictlyWhat seems to be true is that vendors -LRB- like Intuit -RRB- can disable the spyware features and use it as just licensing software . Did they ? I do n't know . All I know is that it seemed to screw up other software , I had a bear of a time getting rid of it , -LRB- even with the instructions -LRB- more like destructions -RRB- -RRB- , and I ended up reformatting my harddrive and reinstalling everything else.With all the time I wasted to get my computer back to normal , I probably would have been better off writing my tax form long hand.Is it spyware ? It seems closer to a virus.Would I recomend software with licensing controlled by c-dilla ? Not if there is any possible way to avoid it .
 I have been a fan of Turbotax for many years . However , this year they have made the whole package un-user friendly from the -LRB- 1 -RRB- awkwardness of purchasing and having to apply for rebates to get the state version to -LRB- 2 -RRB- pricing extra features to -LRB- 3 -RRB- software protection handicaps to -LRB- 4 -RRB- navigation difficulties - all this in addition to -LRB- 5 -RRB- pricing the version offered long-time subscribers higher than for store purchase , and finally -LRB- 6 -RRB- not notifying of availability then shipping it unordered -LRB- I was told some files had been deleted in error ! -RRB- -- I will probably try a new product in the future ...
 Intuit has lost my business . As soon as my product is received from Amazon it will go right back . It is a shame a good product has to be have hastles tied to it . I use two computers and the limit on using it on one is not going to work .
 I installed it on my work computer and it caused problems with an application that we use . Even after I uninstalled turbotax the program did n't work . I had to wipe the partition and get a fresh image . DO N'T INSTALL TURBOTAX ON ANY COMPUTER THAT RUNS MISSION CRITICAL APPLICATIONS !!!
 Intuit had a wonderful product which I have used for many years . I have recommended it to many friends . This year , 2002 , is the year that I will remember NOT to recommend this software to anyone , not even for a boat anchor . Turbo Tax has `` Come and gone '' . They really need to get out a revised version AT ONCE , if they intend to stay in the tax preparation software business . What a dissappointment this has been to loose a good friend like TurboTax . I echo all the previous negative reviews of this product in hopes that someone at Intuit will wake up to what they are loosing with this `` so called '' protection scheme.UPDATE !!!!!! While I was trying to finde a way to communicate with the folks at Turbo-Tax via a chat session about the problem , I noticed my modem receiving and sending information but I was never engaged in a chat session . I spent over 2 hours trying to get into the technical support section via the chat group with no response . However , after trying so hard I went back and tried to run Turbo-Tax again and BEHOLD THE WONDERS OF THIS NEW ELECTRONIC AGE , someone has `` snuck into my computer , fixed the turbo tax program and then snuck out without a word to me about what was going on '' . Boy this is getting wierd .
 I buy and install two TurboTax state editions . In the past , I could save copies of these editions on a backup CD , in case my hard drive crashed -LRB- which it did last year -RRB- . With Intuit 's activation , that 's no longer an option . Intuit customer service has no solution to this problem - I 'm pretty sure they have n't thought of the issue.I 've used TurboTax for years , but no more . TaxCut here I come !
 I have used Turbo Tax for several years and this year will be the last . First , the verify screen , apparently this year not only do you have to key in a product key but also a order number . Unforuntally , the order number I had received from Intuit was refused by the software during verify process . I was told by tech support that the order number had to be given to me on the phone and then I would have to give them the code that would come up and then the software would work . I have seen the other reviews comparing the registration process to that of Microsoft 's XP registration process and all I know is that when I upgraded to XP I did n't have to call Microsoft for Product Keys , order numbers or additional information in order to get XP to work . I will use Turbo Tax this year since I have purchased it but next year I will be moving to Tax Cut .
 My accountant says Turbotax did n't calculate the allowable IRA deduction correctly . I do n't know whether Turbotax or my accountant is correct . I do n't care . I hate taxes . Turbotax does n't ease that hatred at all . Determination of taxable income has become so absurdly complex that there 's no hope of understanding it . Without hope of understanding it , there 's no hope that I 'll think it fair . When Turbotax takes care of the complexity for me , it merely obscures the complexity , which makes the whole process still less understandable , still more suspicious , and still more unfair . Yet I have to pay them and put up with their stupid rebates -LRB- why not just lower the price in the first place and skip the rebate paperwork ? -RRB- , while they make Intuit an indispensable appendage of the IRS , and while Intuit 's lobbyist doubtless never objects to further tax law complexity .
 There have been some questions raised in these reviews about the possibility of Intuit employees posting favorable reviews . I generally take these accusations as sour grapes , but ... About 45 reviews earlier than this one is a review posted by Walter from Pittsburg , PA. I doubt Walter is really from Pittsburgh , PA. . If he were , he would not have misspelled Pittsburgh.By the way , Pittsburg , CA , in the San Francisco Bay Area does not have an `` H '' at the end . Mountain View , CA , also in the SF Bay Area , is where Intuit is headquartered .
 I 'm not a fair use or privacy nut.But the new TurboTax product is unacceptable , and will not go on my computer . The product uses C-Dilla SafeCast product activation . This `` add-in '' will install an additional program on your hard drive THAT RUNS ALL THE TIME UTILIZING SYSTEM RESOURCES . The only way to remove C-Dilla is to uninstall the program -- meaning you ca n't use it . There are extensive reports online about the permanent information the program leaves on your hard drive that will survive even a reformatting .
 Two comments :1 -RRB- Have already investigated plan B -LRB- HR TaxCut software -RRB- for this year . Intuit used to be the underdog and put out some high-quality software but this activation runaround pretty much is the end of that era . Of COURSE it would have problems and leave me with a $ . . coaster that I ca n't use , online Java app that wo n't work for `` chat '' support , and no current recourse .2 -RRB- Ever read Borland 's old license agreement ? Using software like a book - ca n't read more than one copy at a time - was groundbreaking and extremely reasonable . I 've always used a copy on both my computers up until filing , and then for reference afterwards . This scheme makes that impossible.I 'd rate this zero stars but that does n't seem to be an option .
 I bought this product for years Installed turbo tax delux on old computer but it crashed and I had to buy another computer How ever I could not install Turbo tax on it.Intuit said I would have to buy it again That is unfair , I will never buy their product again , customers beware
 I am upset with Intuit 's current `` anti piracy '' method . I realize they need to do something to protect their rights as well , however I also DO NOT like the current method used . I had already purchased their product as I have been doing for the past 4 years in a row . I am returning their product Turbo Tax 2002 Deluxe tomorrow . I also use their product Quicken Deluxe , but now I 'm distrustful of Intuit and will not upgrade that product and will probably look to using another product . Until such a time as I read otherwise that Intuit has dropped this method of anti-piracy and chosen a much more clearly defined method I will no longer purchase ANY software from Intuit . Since I also work in the Computer industry as a Computer Analyst I will also no longer advise customers or friends to use their products ... next year . Last thing the C-Dilla -LSB- program -RSB- they install on your computer after you install TT puts a 1 MB program on your computer ... . It even uses your ram from then on . This is outrageous . Bye bye TurboTax , you made a huge mistake this year , and I will take my money elsewhere .
 If you bought it you ' r `` stuck with it '' . Inscrewit does not give refunds . Soooo , do the next best thing . Ship it to someone you hate !!
 I will put 0 star if I can.I used turbotax for two years and pretty satisfied . This year 's product really -LSB- stinks -RSB- . The one-click thing never works for me.I talked with their customer support online -LRB- it seems a cool feature though -RRB- , guess what ? He told me I must get rid of my router since it may cause the problem -LRB- eeh ! -RRB- , and told me I have to follow the instruction . I still do n't know what 's their instruction and if there is , it does n't make any sense and seems like a joke to me . I traced the network packets by myself , the problem is their server having problems -LRB- maybe recognize the client strings -RRB- . Their customer supports know nothing.I would have checked the reviews here first before I purchase it . Next year turbotax will be the last thing I want to buy .
 What was once a great product is now garbage.A company entrusted with such important business -LRB- our taxes -RRB- can not operate with no customer support ! Heed my advice do not use this product.Do your taxes `` by hand '' You will be glad ! Greed has driven this company to it 's demise .
 Intuit has gone entirely too far in putting its business plan before its products usability and its customers ' seeds and convenience . The state tax downloads which used to be included with the deluxe product are now `` free after rebates . '' The rebate process is byzantine . I flunked the test ... It ca n't be used very well on 2 computers . I installed it onto my laptop after installing it on my desktop machine , then went to Florida to help my parents with their taxes . Not only ca n't you print or email a tax return , you ca n't even get to the tax forms themselves.I think it 's time to look for another vendor .
 I 've been using TurboTax for over ten years ... this year is my last . Too many problems trying to install a ... program . I have a 3 year old Windows98 machine . It kept locking up due to memory overrun and would not let me install it on another computer without calling Intuit and waiting for tech support . I switched to Tax Cut and my computer and I am very happy .
 I was shocked when I installed this year 's Turbo Tax . You are not allowed to install and use this program on two computers . I have a laptop and a desktop . Normally , I install on both computers and work on my taxes whenever I have time either at home or at the office . With this year 's change , you can only print and transmit your returns on the first computer where you installed . What a major inconvenience!Intuit sure did n't have the end user in mind when they made this change . This type of attitude happens when a company grows too big and they feel that whatever they do , the consumer will accept.I am mad at myself for not checking the customer comments section first before I clicked on the purchase button . Unless Intuit removes this unacceptable feature next year , I will buy TaxCut . Thanks God that Turbo Tax is not the only tax software in town
 I 've used TurboTax for the past several years . All in all I have had very few problems with the software itself . However , Intuit 's rebate policy has proven to be a giant waste of time , and I will no longer purchase this product . Maybe Intuit counts on the fact that a large percentage of its customers will simply give up on receiving the rebates.Each year I have eventually received both the rebate on TurboTax Deluxe and the rebate for the `` free '' state download but not without great effort . Many times I 've been unable to talk to an actual person after calling the 800-phone number . Also , Intuit has on several occasions found a way to delay making payment because of admitted paperwork mistakes on their end.I would n't recommend this product unless you like dealing with unnecessary red tape .
 Spyware , adware , forget it . I have used TT for 7 years - no more . by e bye Intuit .
 The `` create a W2 '' or `` Add a W2 '' button does n't work . . click on it and the program freezes -- every time ! Even restarted the program , rebooted the computer ... always freezes there . I am running it on a new , power computer and no other program has problem.Asked TurboTax , they asked me to work around it by switching to `` form mode '' -LRB- that is , they know this is a problem -RRB- and fill in the form instead . When asked if it 's a bug , this tech support said `` There is no bug in turbotax that I know of '' !!!
 TurboTax could count on my -LSB- money -RSB- every year since 1991 . Next year I 'll be looking for another package . Send a message to software sellers that load an application with unwanted adds , -LRB- on your desktop with after installation icons , and during the tax interview in the middle of the application -RRB- and `` copy protection '' that installs a spy program that always runs . No thank you . There will be a great opportunity for TurboTax competitors next year to advertise a feature that will populate their 2003 program with TurboTax 2002 data . I 'll buy it , providing it does n't also have similar `` copy protection . ''
 I have also been a long time user of TurboTax -LRB- last 7 years -RRB- . The PC I attempted to installed it on is blocked from a direct Internet connection for security concerns . I have all my financial data on that system . TT requires direct connection to the Internet . I ca n't believe that a financial program wants to share my information without giving me an option . Forget product activation , forget Intuit . I will never buy another product from them . I just picked up TaxCut .
 Have used ttax since 1987 , but it appears 2001 will be last . Ttax Deluxe 2002 ran until WIN 98 crashed and required re-installation . Now ttax wo n't run , even after 45-minute call to tech support . Was told if I later upgrade to XP , same problems will recur .
 I have used TurboTax for the past 3 years but have just switched to TaxCut because of TurboTax 's activation scheme . Actually I have to thank Intuit - TaxCut seems just as good as TurboTax and it 's cheaper .
 Intuit has failed to make the necessary repairs in its Turbo Tax software for the 2003 tax year . This years version will not load into many computers due to major glitches . Tech support is even worse than previous years . There is no way to access tech support by phone and the online vesion is only available 9-5 on weekdays . They obviously do n't want to deal with their software problems . Turbo Tax had a good reputation which has been ruined by Intuit and their lack of support . Sorry all you loyal users but it is time to drop out of this failing products support base . Intuit refuses to deal with its continuing string of problems and is only milking the product until it will collapse .
 I installed Turbo Tax 2002 and only after a long time I realizedthey also installed a spyware . A shame ! Besides that , they createdthis very weird directory in my machine c_dilla , the activation wasfull of restrictions , I uninstalled it -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and when I need to print my tax return again I could not , I received a message from the installer saying
 After all the problems and crap that Intuit took for the activation/spyware issue , now they place the newspaper apology on Amazon and give themselves 5 stars ?? I 'm completely disgusted , and will not use any Inuit product for at least several years while I observe their new track record .
 I have been a TurboTax user for the last 5 years , but I think this year I will have to switch . Like a lot of others who have commented on this product , I was not able to activate my TurboTax even though it was the first time I installed it . Their `` live '' help told me to reinstall from hard disk , to reinstall in safe mode , and then to clean up the disk . After spending 3 hours with them , I gave up . I am a computer developer so I am comfortable working with computers , but this product is impossible to work with !
 I saw a whole slew of positive responses regarding this product at the end of January . They all look suspiciously similar . Anyone who rates this product better than 1 star either :1 -RRB- Does n't understand the C-Dilla and privacy issues .2 -RRB- Works for Intuit.I have owned Intuit products for both Mac and Windows machines for many years . One of the first things I do around Christmas is look for the new release of Quicken and Turbotax . This year I am stunned by the audacity and ill considered actions of Intuit with regard to their copy protection scheme . C-Dilla not only is installed on your machine , but stays there after a `` normal uninstall '' . I have personally had the reported problems with my CD Burner subsequent to installing Turbotax/C-Dilla . At this point I am still trying to find a work-around for it ...
 The Digital Rights Management system that Intuit placed on TurboTax for 2002 does much more than just require `` activation '' of the program before it can be used.One of the things it does is write data to an otherwise inaccessible place on your hard drive -LRB- track 0 -RRB- . If this location already has data on it that it required for your hard drive to boot properly -LRB- like some Maxtor and WD utilities that allow you to use a large drive -RRB- , your machine will not boot unless and until you are able to restore the overwritten data from a special recovery diskette . Of course , if you do this , TurboTax will no longer run and you will have to pay for it again before you can use it.Even formatting your hard drive will not remove this data.After installation , TurboTax runs processes in the background , using up your memory and slowing your computer , whether TurboTax is running or not.If you install TurboTax and then upgrade your computer , chances are that TurboTax will mistakenly believe that you are trying to pirate the software by installing it on a different machine and will refuse to run until you pay for it again.If you try to unintall the software using the uninstaller that Intuit now provides , it will not remove all elements of the software and leaves the special data on track 0 of your hard drive.These are all documented facts -LRB- see ExtremeTech.com , PC Magazine , and others -RRB- . There have also been reports of damage to the Windows registry , changes to the system that prevent you from burnng a CD -LRB- of anything -RRB- , and system crashes.So beware!It is too late for me -- I have already bought and paid for it . But after 15 years of buying TurboTax , this will be the last year .
 I did not have any problems `` activating '' this `` product '' . But what I ca n't do is update it -LRB- one-click update or manual -RRB- or even register it . It seems it has major problems with doing anything on the internet . Tech support indicated this was a known problem with the manual update downloads that they offer and the only solution was to get Customer service to send an update on CD . I suggest Intuit invest in H&R Block because they are sending a lot of customers over to TaxCut . I will be returning my copy of TurboTax . It should n't take longer to install tax software then it does to complete ones return . Intuit may soon be more hated then the IRS .
 I bought this in early december and tried to activate it on only one computer . It failed saying it was already installed elsewhere . Many calls and chats on the internet -LRB- about 2-3hrs -RRB- later was told to wait for 2-3 days and retry with the reason that some product keys were bad . I did that , still did not work . then after trying to reach telephone customer service and getting frustrated tried chatting on the internet with their customer service , was told to return and get a new box . I did that then it installed but by this time the reason for getting the product early was gone . I suggest guys try other alternatives for filing taxes this year . If the customer service was poor in decenber then I ca n't imagine what it will be like in March April ...
 I have been using your software for more than four years without any problem for the first two years , but last year and this year I start having major problem with this product . The problem I 'm having that the software continues to reboot my system once I start printing . This new software C-Dilla that is always running on your computer in the background and constantly sending out data about you to their servers -LRB- aka spyware -RRB- . I WILL NEVER USE THIS PRODUCT AGAIN .
 I am a long time TurboTax/Quicken user so I decided to give Intuit the benefit of the doubt once they posted the program to remove C-Dilla when you are done with your return . However , even though I have installed and activated successfully , when I try to update the software , nothing happens . I tried the manual update , but it told me that `` the old file was not found , and a file by the same name was found , but its contents did not match . '' Chatted with Intuit support , deleted a file , uninstalled , reinstalled . Same problems . All they could offer was a phone number to call to request an update by mail . A friend also had the same problem and waited 30 min on the phone to request the update . No Thanks ! What if it were April 15 -- you ca n't wait for an update by mail !! After Intuit struck out , I tried connecting using a 56K modem instead of through my DSL router . Connecting this way , I could update . But this only worked once.Program also randomly exits with an error on startup.Bought TaxCut -- no problems so far . TurboTax has a better UI , but I no longer have confidence in being able to successfully prepare a return in a timely manner .
 My taxes seem to have come out okay ... . My problem borders on the `` how dumb can this program be '' side of things . The program requires an internet connection to register the software and it insists that an update is also highly recommended -LRB- fine , whatever -RRB- . Then the software ca n't recognize my highspeed connection ! I had to disconnect from my fast connection and install a modem so I could connect on a dial-up . Then spend an hour on a slow dial-up and not be able to use my phone . How stupid can a program be to not be able to recognize an always on internet connection in the year 2003 . After reading the other reviews I suspect it is just one more problem with the design .
 Never had much problem with with product activation . But the unaccounced installation and continued operation of the CDAC11BA program is enough for me - Intuit 's Quicken and TurboTax are out !
 Everybody else has said it . I 've used TurboTax for years and absolutely loved it . This year , I bought the software and did my taxes . It said that my software was activated , but when I tried to print , it said my `` free '' version would not work . Received clean uninstall instructions , new product keys , and even new software , and still unable to activate -LRB- I 'm a tech consultant by trade -RRB- . I 'm going to demand a refund plus money for my time and buy Tax Cut .
 I 've been a loyal TurboTax user for over a decade . As for rating the job TurboTax does on taxes , I 'd rate the software 5 stars . However , for the aftermath of the -LSB- program -RSB- left behind in your computer , I 've rated the software 1 star . Unless you want to screw around -LRB- as I feel I must -RRB- to clean up the mess -LSB- the program -RSB- leaves behind , do n't purchase it . Intuit has turned piggish and created a PR disaster . This issue has become so emotional and so much has been written , that one no longer knows what to believe . I plan to try the cheaper competitive product next year .
 I bought TurboTax this year -LRB- as I have for as long as I can remember -RRB- at my local Staples . The box was sealed , but it would n't activate as it said that this had already been activated on another computer -LRB- not something I had done -RRB- . I wasted 2 days fighting with this thing . TurboTax support treated me like a sleezeball and said I had to buy another copy or return this to the store . I returned it to Staples -LRB- a 20 mile trip -RRB- where they treated me like a sleezeball and said they could n't take back opened software ! After another wasted 30 minutes I finally convinced them that I was n't going to take no for an answer and they did let me exchange TurboTax for TaxCut -LRB- and gave me a $ 10 refund for the difference -RRB- . I write software for a living and have never used or let anyone else use a pirated copy and I 'm furious about the treatment I 've gotten for their problem ! I do n't think this whole scheme is going to increase their revenues one bit . I do know people who have started with a pirated copy of TurboTax and gone on to buy the product after that for many years .
 I am convinced by the reviews from people who are obviously technically competent that I do not want C-Dilla 's numerous secret files on my computer . Who really knows what those files do ? Why do n't they uninstall with TurboTax uninstall ? Now Intuit is announcing that they will provide special instructions and software on-line to get rid of C-Dilla , after the customer revolt reached a certain point . Why did n't they do this from the beginning ? On the subject of who should trust whom , this nasty contempt for loyal customers makes me distrust them completely.There are many good options . In the recent announcement from the IRS of their new on-line filing options , they provide a list of software that is approved . Here is from the official announcement : The Free File government partnership with private tax filing services will make a range of tax software available to at least 60 percent , or 78 million , taxpayers through the April 15 deadline.The program is aimed at those who prepare their own taxes and still file paper returns . Last filing season , the Internal Revenue Service received nearly 85 million paper returns and nearly 47 million electronic-filed returns . < Online preparation for taxpayers who qualify will be provided at no charge . Refunds generally will be received within 10 days if forms were filed electronically requesting direct deposit .
 Regarding Turbo Tax . I have used tax software for many years starting with Parson 's Personal Tax Edge , which I thought was an excellent product , and then moving to Turbo Tax -LRB- after Intuit bought out Parsons -RRB- . The issue with activation of a license does not bother me as much as the undisclosed installation of spyware.Software piracy is a major problem and companies have a right to protect their investment in development . As an Information Systems professional for over 30 years , I am acutely aware of these issues . Even with the amount of piracy going on , software vendors still provide fairly good products at relative inexpensive prices.Installing software beyond the product , I feel is wrong . Software vendors should not assume that everyone that uses a product is going to make 100 copies and sell or give them to their friends . Having a user register a product upon installation is reasonable . If no Internet connection is available , have the product active for 30 days or so until the vendor can send an activation key is also reasonable.However , let 's not punish the great majority of honest people . Instead , go after those who would break the law and make the penalties severe . Intuit should do a better job explaining up front the -LSB- software -RSB- they are installing and provide adequate support when it causes users problems . Better , yet , take it out and do something less obtrusive.Systems are complicated enough and I like to only have software on my system that I use . I do n't download junk from the Internet and I keep my system up to date by installing OS patches , keeping a backup of files , and staying current on virus protection.As for me , I plan to try Tax Cut this time .
 Turbo Tax 2002 has an activation program built in that installs without telling you what it is doing ... . It causes problems with CD burning on some systems . It leaves things on your hard drive and in your registry even if you uninstall it . Steer clear of this sofware.Sorry I ca n't give it zero stars . may have to try out Tax Cut this year . Too bad b/c I 've been using quicken and turbotax for many years . Maybe Intuit will get the word and repent !
 I purchased TT Deluxe as usual this year , only to find out the copy protection is a NIGHTMARE ! My installation did not work out right the first time , and then I found myself stranded on the telephone waiting for a tech support person who never responded after waiting 1 HOUR ! I finally gave up and bought Tax Cut Deluxe , and had no problems . Save yourself some money and lots of aggrevation , and go straight to Tax Cut . It 's a great program , easy to use , and the data from TT migrates right over without a hitch ! .
 When trying to update Turbotax somehow one of the download files got corrupted and it got stuck in this endless nasty loop , where it could n't patch and could n't update . Every time I started I had to go through this routine . NORMALLY since I had just installed the software I 'd do a clean install and be happily on my way . However , with the new copy protection scheme they are using -LRB- and IMPOSSIBLE hold times -RRB- I was too nervous to try it , because it sounded like you 'd quickly be forced into purchasing 2,3,4 or even five copies if you had to reinstall.Also , whenever something does n't work on my system I am always worried now that the copy protection is causing it . I ca n't wait till I can STRIP Turbotax off my computer and be back to a clean and safe system . Next year I 'll be getting taxcut , and hopefully it wo n't be so invasive .
 I installed turbotax and it went fine . Then I bought a new hard drive and reinstalled all my software . The activation that turbotax now requires bombed . Technical support was absolutely no help . And there are parts of this program that hide on your hardrive even after the uninstall ... terrible product . After 10 years of buying turbotax , i will never purchase it again . I am switching to taxcut .
 This product is full of bugs . Program consistantly crashes on my PC . Gives a KERNELL32.DLL windows error . Have utilized the chat ` support ' 5 times . Techical support twice told me problem would go away if I reinstalled program . Other times instructions were to remove files from cache and erase & copy system files . Program still does not run.After I purchased product and could not get it to run I read some reviews on this site . One person posted that program has known bugs win Win98 second edition . Specifically asked tech support this question and tech did not address issue . Did not confrim or deny problem.Have wasted many hours with thier ` tech support . ' Tech told me I needed to `` update '' my operating system . Have all updates for Win98 on my system . Other rudimentary solutions were check system resources , run scandisk , and defrag drive . All these things I did , installed and resintalled three times and product still does n't workTurbotax claimed that they offer 24hr online tech support , but as of 2/1/03 1:15 pm eastern time if you try to get chat support , you get a message `` support is only available 8AM to 5PM PDT Mon to Fri. '' I smell a dead rat . Throw it in the garbage and get your money back .
 I spent 3 hours trying to activate the software , customer service was useless , tech support is a toll call -LRB- I gave up after 30 minutes on hold -RRB- , and their final recommendation was to get a refund and try their online service . After being a Turbo Tax user for years , my recommendation now is to try the competition . Intuit has decapitated a great product .
 I had used this product -LRB- Turbo Tax -RRB- for years , but now with activation , I ca n't read old returns on my new PC.This new ` activation ' assumes I am `` Guilty Until Proven Innocent '' . DO N'T BUY TURBO TAX ! ...
 I have used Turbo Tax software for two years -LRB- 2000 , 2001 -RRB- . I loved it and intended to use the software to file my tax return this year . However , based on what I have learned from the Washington Post Review , the Wall Street Journal Review , and the information available on the Turbo Tax web site , I decided not to purchase the software this year , version 2002 , for the following reasons :1 . By adopting product activation on such a cheap software like this , Turbo Tax has treated users as potential criminals . I understand that Microsoft also enforces the same Product Activation policy ; however , Microsoft products are high priced items and its products are used all year round . Turbo Tax costs under $ ... and can only be used in a few days . Microsoft offers full disclosure about activation and the technology behind it .2 . Tax Cut is very similar to Turbo Tax and is way cheaper .3 . Tax Cut allows users to use one copy in mutiple machines inside a family .4 . I want to give Tax Cut a try . I want to make a comparison of the two tax preparation products.Goodbye , Turbo Tax . I will only buy Turbo Tax next year if and only if both of the following conditions apply :1 . -LRB- Most important -RRB-
 I was dismayed after I ... bought . . a copy of TurboTax 2002 and realized I still could not use it without going through a product activation process . It did not work on-line , and I spent about three hours trying to call in for assistance and finally gave up . Returned TurboTax ... My main thought -- what if something happens to my activation -LRB- or they call it ` license management ' -RRB- around April 10 or so and I can not open the software , or can not print , or am otherwise punished by Intuit ? How long will it take on the telephone to TurboTax then ? Maybe 12 hours ? Maybe forever?I noticed that TaxCut was rated # 1 by the Wall Sreet Journal and PC Magazine . It cost less money and is rated higher , plus no activation . Imported the TurboTax files from last year with no problem.Now that I look at the Amazon.com reviews -LRB- thank you Amazon for creating this forum -RRB- I see I was not alone . In one week , over 300 strongly negative reviews with lots of detail from personal experience , and then a string of 5 star reviews basically callling the other reviewers plants or idiots . Based on my experience it is easy to see that the 300 + reviews that are one star got it right and easy to see who the plants are . A friend told me that there have been hundreds and hundreds of complaints in this forum prior to last week that have been deleted ... TurboTax is a piece of software that sells about 6 million copies a year . It is useful for only one year , then becomes useless -LRB- unlike an operating system -RRB- . This demonstration of obscene corporate greed makes me wonder how much it really costs Intuit in research and development costs from one tax year to the next ? Ca n't be much . I am sure they spent more discussing and playing with this activation scheme than they did improving the functionality of the software .
 Just compare the positive and negative reviews , it 's not hard to see the pattern
 Turbo Tax used to be a decent product but as many of the reviewers note , they have made it so inconvenient to use that it 's just not worth the hassle . They sent me the CD in the mail , I installed and registered it before I heard about their viral copy-protect scheme . Did the online update , downloaded a state form -LRB- one state free with purchase -RRB- , completed and tried to e-file my son 's 1040 . It was rejected for an apparently bogus error . Did the online update once more , which totally crashed Turbo Tax - it dumped every time I tried to start it.Uninstalled and reinstalled it on the same computer , downloaded and installed a manual patch from the Intuit support site . This worked OK - except I no longer have the state forms available . I now have to call Intuit to try and get access to another ` free ' copy of the state product to replace the broken one , otherwise it costs me -LSB- $ $ -RSB- . Maybe if you have just one computer and never have any problems with software Turbo Tax will work for you . I just ca n't justify wasting the time on it when other software is available that does just as well without all of the bulls ** t.
 Did n't know about the susceptibility issues that this program poses until I read the reviews here . If I had known that I probably never would have gone with Turbo Tax in the first place , but actually I had other problems with the software overriding one of my interview answers and not allowing me to correct it . It was increasing my taxes due by several hundred dollars ! Customer support was courteous but not particularly knowledgeable . Had to figure out the fix myself . Aaag . Several hours of aggravation . I probably would have had an easier time doing my own taxes by hand , although the parts of the program that worked correctly were pretty convenient .
 Shortly after I loaded TT onto my fairly new computer , it ground to almost a complete halt . I waited several hours before the Task Manager window finally opened so that I could see that my CPU usage was 100 % . Although no programs were running , the pop3trap.exe -LRB- or something like that -RRB- was using 99 % . I closed it and then tried to reboot , but the same thing happened.I contacted the computer company -LRB- Sony -RRB- and the service rep wanted to know if I had loaded software recently . When I told him that I had loaded TT , he said the problem might be related to the C-dilla program . He gave me Intuit 's phone number and a PIN for service . This was Friday evening . I called Intuit and heard the recording to call back Monday through Friday 8-5 -LRB- when I am at work ?! -RRB- . I pulled out my old computer with a dial-up modem and set up a chat with a TT tech service rep. I explained my problem and was told -LRB- typed -RRB- that TT was compatible with all operating systems . I asked if there was a possibility that -LSB- C-dilla -RSB- might be causing my computer to malfunction ... He suggested I contact the `` appropriate authority '' , but did n't indicate who/what that was . I kept asking if there was any possibility that TT could be affecting my computer . And the answer - TT is compatible with all operating systems . Swell.I bought and used TT for the past 6 years with good success , but right now I am off to the store to request a refund so that I can purchase Tax Cut.o make the changes there and to get a new PDF before proceeding . Equally unacceptable to the situation I first described.Turbotax and TaxCut have been getting comparable reviews for years . Only inertia and the convenience of uploading the prior year 's info kept me wed to Turbotax . This new system makes Turbotax unuseable . Hello TaxCut !
 This is an all time low for this product , find a better alternative - I think I may actually just go find an accountant instead . It 's much less invasive and it 's really not worth the savings in time if I have to spend days messing with de-installation , my time is much more important.Shame on you , Intuit - I 'd like to give you a negative rating if I could .
 I used this product faithfully for years , but no more . I bought my product , activated it . After I uploaded updates the activation was nullified . Now I have to call an undermanned call center that is only open from 9-5 PST , M-F . If you 're lucky to get through , get ready to be put on hold for a long time . Hello Intuit , most people work from 9-5 .
 I have used TurboTax for at least 5 years , but will NEVER buy it again . First , I very much resent ... C-Dilla being installed and I will uninstall this program as soon as my taxes are finished . Second , there is no way to ` customize ' the installation . I did not want Internet Explorer 5.5 installed , and there is no way to avoid it . I even tried to follow Intuit 's instructions for a hard drive install , and that did n't work . Third , Intuit 's online ` chat ' support is terrible - rote replies and no real knowledge .
 So you really want to do your * taxes * with a program that is full of spyware like Gator and Brilliant Digital ? How safe is that?Also forbid that you ever get a new PC ! You 'll have to buy the software all over again according to tech * and * management support from Intuit ! Check out this excerpt from a Cnet article : But TurboTax user Joel Bradford , an educator from Eugene , Ore. , said it was n't that easy for him when he switched PCs last month . After removing TurboTax from his old PC , he was unable to reinstall it on the new one , and Intuit customer support offered no help . `` I tried contacting Intuit through the online tech support , '' he said in an e-mail interview . `` The ... representative was nice enough , but he offered no other solution than for me to buy a new license . I had the same experience with the senior support person -LRB- telling me -RRB- that I need to buy another license . `` Thumbs down to Intuit
 The software worked , though it 's a bit awkward , but the rebates never happened , for the state downloads or electronic filing . I filled out all the forms , sent them in on time , did the whole nine yards , never got a penny back . Most rebates eventually happen , with TurboTax NEVER .
 I 've been a user of both Turbo Tax and Quicken since the DOS versions . But after reading reviews of Turbo Tax for 2002 , and reviews on Quicken 2003 , I am switching from both . I have just purchased TaxCut for my 2002 taxes , and will probably move to MS Money in 2004 . I understand that Quicken 2003 also has the same registration issues , and since I upgrade my hardware on my PC at least once every 6 months , there is no way I am going to purchase a product that will not reinstall if I change out my hard drive to a faster/larger hard drive , or upgrade the processor chip on my mother board.Intuit , if you are monitoring this board , you have lost another long term customer .
 I end up buying 2nd license to file my return . And the only reason I purcase the 2nd copy is that I already spent 2 weeks working on my return -LRB- lic 1 -RRB- , before I last my drive . I was lucky I made a backup of my return , but in order to complete my return Intuit -LRB- reinstall on the new drive -RRB- forced to buy 2nd license . What will happen if you want to ammend you return years from now ... buy another copy ?? . . No way . I never used TaxCut , but my next purchase will be that and not turbotax .
 I am thoroughly frustrated with the product activiation and poor customer service . Installation issues are rendering me unable to use the product I legitimately bought.I strongly suggest that prospective customers steer cleer of this product and Intuit . Historically , I have been a loyal Turbotax user . However , I now feel compelled to find another vendor and solution .
 I do n't care if Intuit wants me to activate their software . It 's a hassle but , in the end , it 's a nit.Nor do I care about being stopped every 5 minutes during TurboTax 's interview process so Intuit can try to sell me just one more tiny add-on/product/service , ... It 's annoying but , in the end , it 's the American way.What I DO care about is this SafeCast / C-Dilla garbage . Not only does it install without notice , it installs surreptitiously by instlling into a hidden folder . Then , it runs as a system process which is automatically launched at start up independently of TurboTax . And it 's not uninstalled when TurboTax is uninstalled.The process uses `` only '' 1 MB of RAM . That 's not much , of course , until EVERY software vendor in the world decides to follow suit by using `` their own '' 1 MB of MY RAM.I 've removed all Intuit software from my computer .
 I was a loyal Turbo Tax customer until I found out this year that they have implemented an annoying product-activation system , which does n't allow you to easily install the product on more than one pc at home . I have a laptop AND a 2 desktop pcs at home , so the product activation headaches make it not worth the purchase.I purchased TaxCut instead and it is terrific , does the job , does n't have the annoying problematic product-activation , and I will be a loyal customer to them from now on . I suggest that you purchase TaxCut instead of Turbo Tax .
 I have purchased TurboTax for years , but this year 's version is a `` joke '' ! It has been nothing but a hassle ... Not only did it install spy-ware on my system , but when you uninstall TurboTax the spyware stays on your system ! Not just that , it 's running in the background ALL the time ! No mention of this insidious copy protection was mentioned on the box or in the manual . Spyware , Copy protection , or whatever it was a pain and caused my existing apps to become unstable . .
 Used TT for the past three years with no problems . Blindly expected to do the same this year out of brand loyalty.Not five minutes into my use of the product it crashed HARD.Spent a few hours rebooting etc. and established that my machine was OK but still `` sluggish '' . Could n't figure out why.Reading some of the above reviews will explain this phenomenon for you as it has for me.I will never use this product again . Probably no Intuit product , period .
 ... I have been a loyal user from the start of your company . I probably still have the orginal Turbo Tax , Quicken , and Quickbooks on 5.25 floppies . Your software has always been just okay , buggy , but still the best out there . Unfortunately your company just does n't get it . You think for every pirated copy you have lost a sale . Wrong , these people would not have bought it anyway . You cause rightful owners just too much trouble . All your software is getting just too much of a commercial for other products , nag , nag , nag . There is plently of other options out there now . Anyone with a simple return can go to the IRS or their state 's website and do it for nothing or buy Taxcut for more complex returns . It reads your past years data from TTax just fine . Read the article about Intuit on Yahoo . This mess has actually caused their stock to drop ... I 'm going find other alternatives to your other products
 Bought TT Deluxe on the spur of the moment one day ... I tried to install my copy of TT Deluxe . Had problems - install quits with no error message . Contacted Intuit online support . When they discovered that I have a home network , their response was `` We do n't support such an environment '' and `` TurboTax 2002 program can not be used in a network '' . TT 2001 worked fine in the same environment . Their advice ? Return product for a refund . What are the odds that they will reimburse for sales tax and shipping?I have since found out about the activation `` feature '' , had I known I never would have bought the product to begin with .
 My gripe relates exclusively to the activation scheme , which includes surreptitious installation of a rogue program called C-Dilla on your hard drive.I 've been using TT for roughly ten years . The program itself is great , but I 'm strongly opposed to the aggravation of the various activation processes used by Intuit , Microsoft and others . I concur with the need for software developers to protect themselves against piracy , but it should n't be done at the expense of honest consumers . So , next year I switch to TaxCut .
 I have used this for years , on my old workhorse PII at home . This year Intuit , in showing a total lack of intuition has overworked a SIMPLE application . My computer can no longer handle TurboTax which was proven when it -LRB- a 233 -RRB- continually locked up or ran at 100 % when trying to use this app . I called the help desk , and guess what ? they charge now , so I hung up . I was left with a delema , a new computer or a new app . I bought TaxCut , and now I wonder what I was doing with TurboTax for all these years . Much faster and easier to use app . Does the same thing TurboTax used to do but better and at a lower price . Guess who gets my money from now on ...
 ... Will not work on second PC . Getting sick of `` renting '' software for one use only .
 I 've used Turbotax for around 6 years . I had to file 1040Xs twice during this time . I 've also upgraded my computer twice during this 6 years . It was very convenient for me to be able to load up previous-years Turbotax software to do the recalculation for the 1040Xs . Activation requirements would turn this exercise into a never-ending nightmare . I think I 'll pass.I 've switched to TaxCut this year .
 The last thing you want with a financial product is for the company to perform sneaky non-recoverable acts on your computer . Writing data in hidden portions of hard drives , calling home and transfering who knows what private information about you and your computer , etc. , is a poor reward they give for your spending money on their product . There are a number of other tax programs available that treat you with respect and do everything above board . Use them . I switched , you should to . If you really like turbotax ... bit the bullet and at least switch for 2003 before switching back .
 This is the last time I purchase Turbotax . It installs a spyware that starts everytime you start your machine . The turbotax uninstaller does n't remove the spyware . If you want to run your purchased , registered version of Turbotax on another one of your computers you are out of luck.Intuit is on my ... . list
 I 'm switching to TaxCut this year . I have been a loyal Intuit customer for years . No more .
 I hated to switch tax software , but after reading these activation horror stories I just could n't buy TurboTax again this year.Can ' t reinstall if I get a new computer ? Installing spyware-like monitoring software that ca n't be uninstalled ? Sorry , but NO DICE.I switched to Tax Cut and was pleasantly surprised . It worked just as well and was cheaper . I 'll be using Tax Cut again next year .
 I have been a loyal TurboTax customer for 5 years , but after this year 's experience , I will never buy it again ! Not only did I experience activation problems , but I found several bugs in the State program . Contacting Technical Support was a joke . They want $ to talk to a real person or you can use their free online chat . They actually told me to boot my machine in safe mode in order to get the software to activate properly . I made a web page on geocities.com/turbojunk2002 with the full account of my experience , including the dialog from the chat sessions . It 's worth checking out if you want a good laugh -LRB- at my expense -RRB- . Do your self a favor this year and DO NOT BUY TURBOTAX !
 I am returning my TT Deluxe for a refund . I attempted to do a quick check before filing my estimated due Jan 15 . I have normally done this at the office and then done the complete filing at home . Not only could I not install at home after installing at the office , but I found when I uninstalled at the office and attempted to install at home that would not work either . I then found that Intuit has installed C-dilla , a copy protection piece of software . I called Intuit and asked for an activation code to use at home . They refused -LRB- 3 live agents and 1 phone agent -RRB- . Intuit is entitled to copy protection but if I uninstall on one system I am entitled to be able to use it on another . They have lazy programmers who ca n't figure out how to do this or they have intentionally figured they could get you to pay for their product more than once .
 Not only do you need to connect to Intuit over the Internet in order to activate the application so you can print and save -LRB- and therefore , you can not install on more than one computer -RRB- , you also have to purchase the one `` free '' state that you used to be able to download right away -LRB- unless you buy Turbotax via download FROM Intuit -RRB- . You have to buy it first and then send in a ... rebate certificate to get reimbursed . In addition , my state -LRB- MO -RRB- was n't even ready to be downloaded until January 29th . Does n't instill much confidence.In addition , their tech support is rude . I 've had a couple of incidents with tech support over the past two years . I 'm off to someone else 's product ...
 Turbo Tax Deluxe is a great disappointment this year . I work on my taxes while vacationing in Florida . I 've always installed to both my desktop and my laptop.Not this year.Turbo Tax allows only one installation , and a `` trial version '' on a second computer . OK . That was awkward but do-able . But wait a minute ! I downloaded the state tax and found it can not be used with the trial version.After more than five years as a Turbo Tax customer , I 've found the rules have changed and the product is of no use to me . They offer my money back , but that does n't pay back the years I 've invested in their product .
 I tried to install TT only to find there was no product key printed on the CD sleeve ! While not as bad as the previous poster who mentioned getting a Mexican music CD , this is still pretty pathetic . Even worse , this is mentioned as a problem on Intuit 's support site so apparently it 's not an isolated incident . I guess they need to fire someone in QA in addition to firing the genius that came up with this product activation idea . TurboTax 2002 will soon be synonymous with `` New Coke '' . I 've used both Quicken and TT for 5 years now , but Intuit can kiss my business goodbye . I 've got better things to do with my time than beg Intuit for a code to activate software I legally purchased - like exchange this copy of TT for TaxCut .
 software which requires activation and which can only be fully used on one computer is a rental . when i buy something ... it 's mine . intuit should learn a thing or two about fair use . their ignorance on the topic just cost them a 5 year customer.i even have lingering questions about why part of this program remains in resident memory ... nice job ruining a perfectly good piece of software.t Money and TaxCut!this year and it really * irks * me.I understand the need for Product activation from a business perspective , but limiting it to ONE is draconian . C'mon ... even Microsoft allows -LRB- 2 -RRB- activations of OfficeXP . There are several legitimate reasons why the software would need to be reloaded -- drive crashes , multiple PC 's per home -LRB- desktop/laptop -RRB- , home & work , etc.Intuit - if you you want me to buy your product next year , you 'll need to either 1 -RRB- * REMOVE * product activation or 2 -RRB- Allow the product to be activated at least -LRB- 3 -RRB- times .
 I just spent a 45 minute chat session with TurobTax technical support . The customer service agent cut and pasted a generic licensing statement 3 times
 The installation of the C-Dilla copy protection program as part of TurboTax is highly unethical software engineering . Why would Intuit want to harm all of their customers rather than just the people illegally copying their software?I have been a loyal customer of Intuit 's for the last 9 years . I have bought Quicken every other year and Turbotax & Turbotax state every year for the last 9 years . Now my loyalty as a long-term PAYING customer is rewarded with a 1 megabyte memory sucker running constantly on my machine . Of course , if the program is terminated or removed then I can no longer run their product ! I never agreed to -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- when I purchased Turbotax , but I guess I should have read all of the fine print in the license agreement.I understand Intuit 's wish to cut down on coypright infringement , but my need to cut down on unnecessary system processes running on MY COMPUTER is what matters to me ! I ca n't wait to finish my taxes so I can uninstall Turbotax and get rid of C-Dilla ... . I do n't have a problem with the activation feature alone . It is -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- constantly running in the background that I object to !
 TurboTax 2002 prevents you from using the program on more than one computer . You can install it on a second PC but you can not print a return on it . What a cheap shot !
 After two weeks of dealing with poor technical support -LRB- the sound on the videos would n't work so I could n't hear what they were saying -RRB- , I finally asked for and got a new CD . Unfortunately , I could n't install it because it kept telling me I had a bad product code , even though I called and got an authorization number on it.I gave up and returned it for a refund . I have saved some of their chat with me , and you would be amazed how rude those people are .
 Nowhere are you told during the install or the EULA that this application will be installed with TT , and it is impossible to completely remove without formatting your hard disk . I thought programs that did not uninstall went out with windows 3.1 I 've been using TT for 4 years . I wo n't be touching it this year.Add Intuit to the list of consumer hostile malware companies . This debacle will affect their bottom line for years to come . No trust = no relationship . Intuit
 I was preparing to purchase when I saw the reviews . Last years version made a mistake of $ 300 in favor of the IRS . The IRS sent me a letter explaining I had overpaid my taxes and they would make the correction -LRB- Intuit has yet to answer a single email about that -RRB- ! That pales in comparison to the horror stories of Spyware and crashing hard drives . The impudence of Intuit is amazing . The value of the countless hours I 've spent on MY -LRB- that deserves repeating -RRB- MY computer has a value many hundreds , if not thousands , of times greater than their program . How dare they put that at risk !! Thanks for the warning . Intuit ??? never again .
 I do n't like being accused of being a criminal as soon as I buy a piece of software , and I do n't think the majority of consumers do . I dumped this turkey faster than a bad telephone call and went with Tax Cut instead.Ya see , that whole `` one computer '' thing is for the birds . I use more than three computers . In fact , I use 3 of them - laptop , home , and work machines . When I do my taxes each year I move from box to box and do them , moving my file around between the machines . I print the stuff out on each machine when I need to so I can double check figures . It makes life much easier for me to do it this way.Intuit lost my business this year . Hope they are going to make their stockholders happy .
 Even with all the reveiws I need to vent.Againt the advise of others I purchased TurboTax online and opted for the downloadable version . What I encountered was nothing short of a nightmare.I had disabled cookies on my web browser . When you purchase online Intuit creates a cookie containing information necessary for you to download the product . If the cookie is not on your computer you can not download . If the cookie is corrupted you may be able to download but you will receive error messages when trying to install.I searched all over the Intuit web site to find a way to refresh the cookie but no luck . Intuit never addresses this problem.I understand Intuit is trying to prevent piracy but there really must be a better way.I 'm not sure if the problem is too many cooks . Or bad management or outsourcing software developement to the Chinese . I really do n't know but I can tell you this is absolutely the worst software installation scheme I have ever seen . Shame on Intuit and I hope they make a big change for next year .
 I had read the poor reviews but foolishly thought I 'd give it a try . After all , it was so useable in the past , could it have fallen so far so fast . Unfortunately , the answer is YES.The entire installation was disappointing , with the excessive marketing of their products , the subtle hiding of options to not get further emails , links to state products that were nonexistant , information that was inaccurate on their web pabes , and many , many more things.Intuit - You have lost a customer . I 'm extremely disappointed in your product and how you treat your customers . This will be the last purchase of an Intuit product I make ; and I have multiple products .
 ... Turbo Tax now installs the C-dilla safedisc protection software when you install it . If you remove TT , c-dilla stays , it does not remove it . C-dilla can prevent your cd-rw from burning copy protected cd 's , it can send download logs , cd-burn info , etc out to 3rd parties . Intuit states that the version of c-dilla they include does not do this , but , yeah , right!I uninstalled TT but still had c-dilla starting up as a service everytime WinXP booted . I had to manually delete files & registry entries to clean it out.After 5 years with Turbo Tax , I 'll be trying something else this year , probably the free TaxAct .
 I first tried the promo CD sent in the mail , then purchased another copy from the store . Both gave me the `` Product Activation Error - '' . Technical Support ... NOT ! Their online representatives give you canned scripts with no real solutions . Telephone support is a maze of recorded messages . They want you to spend an additional $ ... per issue for telephone support , plus long-distance charges.After spending 6 days trying to get this software to work and refusing to pay the additional $ ... for support , I finally got a Technical Support Representative on the line to tell me ... `` WE DO N'T HAVE A FIX FOR THAT RIGHT NOW ... CHECK BACK IN A WEEK . `` Good bye TurboTax ... Hello TaxCut !!!
 TurboTax has an invasive activation scheme with undocumented software that is permanently installed on your hard drive . I 'm about to scrap this computer anyway , so I 've installed it , but I recommend that YOU buy Tax Cut . I 've used Tax Cut in years past , and it 's just as easy and thorough as TurboTax . Intuit , go find someone else to run your undocumented , stealth `` security '' software .
 Do n't buy this product ! The activation scheme will absolutely make you throw your money in the basket . I ca n't use this program until I log on to the Internet ! The computer I want to use it on does n't even have capabilities for Internet . Bleh .
 Well . . after I bought this years TurboTax & TT State -LRB- just like I have for the past 6 years -RRB- , I took it home , opened it , installed it & found out about the Product Activation . Had I known about that before I bought it and opened the box , I 'd be a new TaxCut user.I typically install TT on my home & work PC . I use the Home PC to prepare the taxes , and use my work PC to print out the returns out on a laser printer . Ca n't do that this year and it really * irks * me.I understand the need for Product activation from a business perspective , but limiting it to ONE is draconian . C'mon ... even Microsoft allows -LRB- 2 -RRB- activations of OfficeXP . There are several legitimate reasons why the software would need to be reloaded -- drive crashes , multiple PC 's per home -LRB- desktop/laptop -RRB- , home & work , etc.Intuit - if you you want me to buy your product next year , you 'll need to either 1 -RRB- * REMOVE * product activation or 2 -RRB- Allow the product to be activated at least -LRB- 3 -RRB- times .
 I have used TT for the past five years . I am very disappointed in buying this year 's TT and now learning that it has a product activation `` feature '' that I strongly disagree with . Since I have already unwrapped the TT Deluxe and TT CA State products and mailed in the rebate request , I will use this year 's TT to do my Federal and State returns . Next year , I will buy Tax Cut . I have really liked TT but will not install software that impacts my ability to upgrade my PC and does things that are `` secretive '' and which I do not fully understand.Jim MooreCupertino , CA 95014
 I Sent the following letter to the chairma of Intuit . I received a telephone reply from Intuit saying I could get a 100 % refund within 60 days by mailing the product and the original receipt showing price paid to : Intuit6060 Nancy Rich DrSan Diego , CA 92121-3290However it was faster and more convenient to return it to the retail store where it was purchased - no questions asked . Here is the letter : January 27 , 2003Mr . Bill CampbellChairman of the BoardThe Intuit Corporation2632 Marine WayMountain View , CA 94043Dear Mr. Campbell : As I have done for the past four years , I purchased a copy of TT Basic 2002 for Windows from a retail office supply store in mid December . My experience with the product has been very good , and up until this year , I have had no complaints.However , I experienced a technical problem during installation that is undoubtedly due to the new activation feature . Despite following the printed installation instructions to the letter , I was not able to activate TT because the Activation dialog box never materialized . So I logged into the support web site , and to my dismay , I find that the only contact I can make is via a chat interface , which is extremely unsatisfactory from a consumer 's point of view . It is slow , impersonal and a major annoyance . Upon each of five separate sessions with your support staff -LRB- who I am sure were trying to do their best , and for whom I have great sympathy -RRB- I employed their suggestions , but to no avail . In addition , I find that there is no toll-free telephone number available for me to contact a real , live , breathing person . The final chat session resulted in an escalation to the point where I was given a phone number -LRB- not toll-free -RRB- and a PIN number that presumably would have led to a human contact . At this point , I wanted no more , and opted to return the product to the store for a refund . I purchased H&R ; Block 's Tax Cut instead , and saved $ ... to boot . This whole process took four excruciating hours of my Sunday afternoon , with nothing to show for it.Because of Intuit 's attempts to save money by limiting customer support , I will never purchase an Intuit product again . Furthermore , I am taking every opportunity to inform my personal and business contacts of my experience . I hope that the people who are responsible for this imbecilic support scheme are satisfied.Sincerely , etc. .
 I have been a TurboTax user since 1998 . However , this year 's version has been an absolute horror . I would have to constantly re-install the software due to errors . This caused numerous hours of delay . I called Customer Service who gave me directions that made the situation worst . To all of those who are thinking about purchasing TurboTax 2002 ... DO N'T !!!! I personally recommend TaxCut which not only worked correctly , but also put me right back on track !
 I 've used Turbo Tax for the last two years with no problem . This year it is pure junk . Nothing but problems . Tech support is totally useless . I will never buy again .
 A few problems with this years TurboxTax Deluxe despite performing the software updates :1 -RRB- In the era of rapidly increased real estate ownership , you would think TTDeluxe would have an entry for MORTGAGE FEES -LSB- I 'm not talking about points or interest paid as these are present in here -RSB-
 I 've used TurboTax for many years and have recommended it highly . This year , unfortunately , I 'm returning it to Intuit and switching to TaxCut . Ever since I installed TurboTax my computer has been flaky - particularly CD writing . I have no way to know for sure whether TurboTax is the cause but why take chances on a program that installs an extra program -LRB- C-dilla -RRB- whenever your computer is on - even when you 're not using TurboTax ? As long as there are reasonable alternatives I think consumers should take the advice of the Wall Street Journal column last week and avoid TurboTax .
 This software application works as advertised . I 've found it to be a great tool for completing my tax return . Unfortunately , what is not advertised is all the side-effects associated with installation.Currently , the application has taken control over my CD-RW . I can no longer install other applications . Granted , this is not a major concern in the next week or two , but it will require me to remove ALL TurboTax software from my computer as soon as tax season has passed -LRB- for those filing extensions , looks like you wo n't be installing software anytime soon -RRB- . In the meantime , I 've got $ 150 worth of software I thought I 'd be able to use , that 's been rendered junk-status until I remove TurboTax.Funny , when I bought my computer , I thought I had control to install programs of my choosing . I guess Intuit prefers to retain control of my choices as long as TurboTax is installed -- and let me warn you , TurboTax is not friendly to other software installations.Good luck if you choose to continue down this path . You never know when the software 's going to become more trouble than its worth ; and just think , you 're actually paying to play in this mine field .
 Count me as another voice condemming Intuit for their product activation schemes . I have been using -LRB- and paying for -RRB- their products for ~ 7 years . I believe that Intuit can try to fight piracty , but has to do so in a way that does not impact me -LRB- no Activation , no C-Dilla -RRB- . It is not reasonable to restrict my use of the product to a single PC . I also think that Intuit did a lousy job communicating what they were doing with this aspect of the software . So count me among the many that made the switch to TaxCut this year .
 If you 've used TurboTax in the past then this edition will be familiar to you . Unfortunately part of the new edition is a ... program called C_Dilla . Granted it 's in the license , but they should know better before installing something that will slow your computer down . I will never use Turbo Tax again because of this violation of trust .
 I made the mistake about buying this product before reading the reviews . I have used Turbo Tax faithfully since 1996 . This years 2002 Turbo Tax is -LSB- bad -RSB- . I am extremely unhappy with intuit for making us use this activation nonsense . It was a major inconvenience for me because I do n't have internet access at home , I use a cell phone for my home phone , so I had to install it on my employers computer . Between the activation , the marketing -LSB- software -RSB- , -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- , I will be switching to something else next year . This will be the last time I use Intuit products ...
 Never will I purchase this product again . Their activation code allows the program to be installed on 1 pc only ! Goodbye Intuit !
 I talked to tech support at Intuit . If you run XP , c-dilla is there to stay !! I 'm still going to use it this year but i 'm putting it on the kid 's computer -LRB- running ME -RRB- because I 'll be reformatting it soon any way .
 I had used TurboTax for serveral years without incident . It worked OK , but every time they ` enhanced ' it , I found it more difficult to use . The interface gets more confusing every year -LRB- I support PC 's for a living so it is not a matter of unfamiliarity -RRB- . Then last year TurboTax upgraded Internet Explorer without asking me if that was OK or even warning me they were about to do it . There is nothing worse than some install program telling me what versions of other programs I have to run . My complaint to them did n't even warrant a email from an auto-responder . This year I see that Intuit is further dictating what I can do with my own computer.Goodbye and good riddance to Intuit and TurboTax .
 My computer is old and needs to be replaced soon , but , not before taxes are due - so I installed the Turbo Tax . The activation baloney worried me some and now upsets me . A few days ago I discovered a folder on my hard drive that I did n't think should be there , thought it a virus , virus software `` ok 'd '' it so I left it there with plans of deleting later . Now I read that `` C-dilla '' was installed by TT . Have no idea what would happen if I had deleted it - It will stay there for now . I do n't like the prospect of calling anyone -LRB- Intuit , Microsoft , etc. -RRB- and begging for a code to use software that I have paid for and NEED . It 's also a matter of trust - if they ca n't trust me , a long time paying customer , how can I trust them and their thousands of employees ? The software and telecommunications industries are in the toilet because of high level crooks . I 'm tired of it . It 's like they are saying `` we are n't trustworthy and , therefore , you are n't either .
 I started using TT in 1998 by using a friend 's disk -LRB- stole it -RRB- . It worked great . Turbo Tax did n't cost too much so starting in 1999 I started buying it . They got me as a customer because they had a good product at a good price and because I was able to try it once free before I bought it . Nothing I hate worse than buying something you ca n't return only to find out it is junk . The 2002 printer thing made me sware to never use TT again . Thing is they fixed it for 2003 so should we reward their fix this year or punish them for what they did last year ?
 Intuit made major changes to TurboTax this year without telling anyone . These include
 First - I bought this Turbo Tax from Intuit for -LSB- for a certain price -RSB- now it can be purchased at Amazon for -LSB- less -RSB- . Second - After I used it to do three taxes I tried to open it and it no longer will open . It says `` Performed an Illegal operation - contact Vendor . I 've looked for three days and can not find a way to contact the vendor . No phone # . Third - I ran across something that said if I had a problem they would deal with it for -LSB- a certain price -RSB- Fourth - I live in tucson and this is a tucson Company and I would like to see them prosper but not by ripping me off . It is almost april 15th and I ca n't open Turbo Tax nor can I get tech support .
 After a suspect cdac11ba.exe registed into my winXP task list , I did some research . I came to realize that TurboTax brought the cdac11ba.exe . Then it is too late to know this . Firewall and virus scan are not awared of this . Perfect situation for potential trojan or spyware to `` phone home '' .
 I 've used TurboTax for years and always loved it . Unfortunately , Intuit has included a product activation feature this year that concerns me . Be sure to check out the editorial cautions about the implications of the product activation feature at places like zdnet.com and cnet.com.As for me personally , after chatting with Intuit 's admittedly excellent customer service , I 've decided to exchange my TurboTax for TaxCut to avoid the uncertainty of product activation .
 I 've used Turbo Tax for years but this is the worse one yet . I 'm seriously considering purchasing another product next year . I just got off the phone with the IRS regarding an error on my return that the software calculated . When preparing my daughter 's return for a part time job , the software asks if she 's a college student . Well she is , and Turbo Tax gave her the credit that her PARENTS should have had . The only way to get around it is to answer no.I 've paid too much for this program if I can not trust it .
 Copyprotection is n't a right when the company installs `` hidden , unremovable '' software on * MY * computer.The software they install is no better than a virus!Teach them a lesson ; do n't by software from Intuit any more !
 I was reading the reviews but did not know it could happen to every one . I could not activate this product even with internet connection -LRB- I have a DSL -RRB- . As soon as you start the install the stupid message about purchasing another license comesup and you have to go thru ' few times . I think I will return this and go back to taxcut .
 I am very upset at the people of Intuit . I used their software to prepare my taxes since they were Parsons Technologies and I was very happy with the results , But NOT this year . After I installed their TurboTax Deluxe 2002 the program asked for the activation , which I did through the Internet and just seconds after this , my computer CRASHED , and almost most of the programs I have installed on my computer stopped responding , including Adaptec EZ Cd Creator . I needed to Reload my OS on my computer again in order to remove the unresponding programs and reinstall them one by one again . This software also corrupted my previous tax files that I prepared the years before with TurboTax . I advice to anyone that is planning to use this software to make a good backup of your files before installing it and prepare for the worst . As for myself I already switched to TaxCut H & R Block , hoping they wo n't follow the steps of Intuit for the next year .
 I bought TaxCut after reading negative reviews of Turbo Tax . First of all , I could not load my state program because it would not recognize that I had already loaded the federal program . I called tech support and spent about 45 minutes with no luck -- finally called my ISP and he got me going in just a few minutes ! Whenever I tried to download any information , everything locked up so I had to manually enter everything . After losing all the information I had entered after the program locked up -LRB- I lost over an hour re-entering all the information -RRB- I learned my lesson and saved my return each step of the way . Then , I found the directions much more confusing . I finally had to do Turbo Tax online in order to check the accuracy of Tax Cut . Not all instructions were clear to me and I entered state taxes paid twice in Tax Cut -LRB- but not Turbo Tax -RRB- . Finally , the rebates are time consuming . Could n't find the form for getting the rebate back on the e-filing so I called them and they are mailing me a form . Further , Tax Cut has n't yet supplied me with the declaration numbers needed to get the rebates ! I was supposed to have received an email with that info. , but have n't yet . So , I emailed them and am waiting for a reply . My entire experience with Tax Cut has been very frustrating . Turbo Tax -LRB- CD -RRB- always included free filing . Next year , I 'm going back to Turbo Tax . Plus , I called Turbo Tax and they said if I get a new computer , they will give me a new key so that I can load my software on my new computer . So , I 'm no longer concerned about the `` spy ware '' aspect . In short , I 'm VERY disillusioned with Tax Cut .
 TurboTax is an easy to use product and I swore by it in the past . This year , however , I 've switched to H&R Block 's TaxCut as I do n't want to deal with the limitations of product activation which Intuit has put into place with the 2002 program .
 this program changed the data after i had printed out my local hardcopy , so that the amount due to the state INCREASED by almost 1700.00 . when i called their tech support , they could have cared less . it was up to me to manually fill out an amended form and submit it -LRB- no e-file for this -RRB- . i now have to wait some months to get my 1700.00 back.next year , Tax Cut .
 After using TurboTax for many years , I had a few surprises when I loaded the disk I got in the mail . After installing it , I found there was an onerous online registration procedure that limits it to the computer you install it on.So now I can not complete my tax work at home and then take it to work to print it out . Or , if I have to go back a year or so from now to correct an error -LRB- something I 've done in previous years -RRB- and have in the meantime upgraded or bought a new computer , I wo n't be able to use the TurboTax I bought and paid for.Plus , it puts some kind of software called CDilla that loads a some programs on startup that in my system caused programs that I run all the time to crash . I had to uninstall TurboTax and then do a lot of research to uninstall cdilla since it does not come off when you uninstall TT.I now am happily using Tax Cut.Doug S
 bought taxcut instead . poor copy protection inplement .
 Well , I dutifully purchased Turbotax this year as always . Then I found out about activation and C-DILLA . I put up with Win-XP 's activation as I have no choice . But for tax software !!?? No way will I stand for this ! TAXCUT here I come !
 I have purchased TurboTax every year for the past 10 years . I have never given away their software to anyone . In fact , I encouraged others to buy it , also . To show their thanks , Intuit is using Macrovision 's C-Dilla protection software this year . Bad idea ! Treat your customers like thieves and you will lose your customers ! It seems that it 's time to move to TaxCut this year . You blew it Intuit !
 The product activation is onerous and totally uncalled for . Why do companies like M$ and Intuit think they can squeeze their loyal customer base and get away with it . In this case they have lost a customer . I have already purchased Tax Cut from H&R block . You know what ... it 's cheaper and easier to use.So thanks Soctt for showing me a better product ! And good bye after 10 years of being a customer.Don ' t buy Turbo Tax or Quicken . Vote with your wallet .
 Thanks to all the reviewers for flagging this problem . It 's been fun , TT , but I 'm moving on . And once I move to TaxCut , try and get me back . Ha !! - long-time TT user -LRB- now former user ! -RRB-
 Been using TurboTax for years , a loyal paying customer , but after reading the reviews here & at PC World I 've had it ... some bonehead activation scheme installing files on my computer ? . . time to try something else ... whatever happened to Intuit ?
 Once again a successful company has made a terrible error in the name of fraud reduction . Why would anyone purchase a tax program that will be unusable if a new computer is purchased during the 3 year tax return amending period ? INTUIT , worry about the accuracy of your product and not so much about fraud !!! I have 51/4 '' and 31/2 '' Turbo Tax discs that go back to 1990 that I would still be able to use today . But I wo n't have TurboTax 2002 . I will have TaxCut 2002 instead . Hopefully Block Financial wo n't be as stupid as Intuit .
 I tried to install the software and it told me to call their help line to get it activated . It will work only on one machine and I have to buy an additional copy if I want to use it on my home as well as a work computer.Switching to some other tax software will make sense and I am returning the one I already bought . Will be writing a nastygram to Turbo Tax .
 I would like to join the host of others who have given TurboTax the lowest possible rating . I would give it 0 stars if that were a choice . I made the mistake of buying TurboTax with no advance warning whatsoever of the new security measures that this year 's version would have . I 'm even more upset that the program also installs the so-called C_Dilla -LSB- program -RSB- that requires all but a low level reformatting of the hard drive to get rid of it . Just shame on you Intuit !
 I have used Turbo Tax and Quicken for many years but this is my last year for Turbo Tax because of their activation scheme . Turbo Tax is an excellent and easy to use program that works very well with Quicken
 I am a seven year buyer of TaxCut , however , I received TurboTax for free this year and decided to try it . Terrible mistake . There are so many bugs with the programs that unless you are a trained tax professional -LRB- such as myself -RRB- you would not be able to catch them . For example , education credits for NYS does not always flow directly onto the State Return . You have manually enter in the credit instead of the program automatically populating from the worksheet . This was only one of the problems I noticed . Buyer Beware . Buy TaxCut , I sure will next year . Besides , state downloads are cheaper with TaxCut .
 I have used TurboTax for over 15 years , after this year with the Rebates and activation aggravation I wo n't be using it anymore ...
 This software , which is already overpriced junk ... historically , now leads the pack for the 2003 award for Most Obnoxious Software with the addition of `` mother-may-I '' copy protection -LRB- ca n't use it without Intuit 's express permission on a single machine -RRB- and installation of admitted spyware -LRB- `` C-Dilla '' aka , `` SafeCast '' -RRB- that stays even when TurboTax is uninstalled ! Although the Mac version does n't have these issues , Intuit charges double for that luxury!BUY H&R ; BLOCK 'S TAXCUT PLATINUM INSTEAD !! ... TaxCut takes the high road , and expressly allows you to install on as many machines as you want within a household - and without the SPYWARE !
 I too have been using Turbo Tax for many years and have always recommended the product to others ... that is until last night when I purchased the 2002 edition!Turbo Tax now has a Product Activation feature -LRB- a lah Microsoft -RRB- and ... Macrovision 's C-Dilla . Turbo Taxes Product Activation scheme is outright `` nonsensical `` YOU CAN ONLY PRINT AND FILE ELECTRONIC RETURNS FROM THE COMPUTER ON WHICH THE SOFTWARE WAS ACTIVATED !!! For example , let 's say u have two PC 's at home and u installed and ACTIVATED TT 2002 on PC # 1 and later installed it on PC # 2 . Because u Activated TT 2002 on PC # 1 You would not be able to PRINT or FILE RETURNS ON PC # 2 !!! The program would save the Return that u created on PC # 2 as a `` pdf '' file -LRB- adobe acrobat -RRB- and then u 'd schlep over the PC # 1 to do your Printing and Filing !! Imagine the possiblilites ! : - -LRB- Also , this year 's version includes a copy protection scheme by Macrovision called `` C-Dilla '' . . which is some sorta of `` program '' that remains in your systems registry even after uninstalling TT2002 . I tried removing it after uninstalling TT and my system crashed ! Thank God , I use Windows XP so I was able to use System Restore to get it up and running again!I will be returing the TT 2002 for a full refund tonight ! Furthermore , I 'll be using Tax Cut or some other Tax PRogram until Intuit comes to its senses !
 I have used this product for several years and each year I get more and more disgusted . The problems are many .1 . If you need to update information and go back to the interview portion of the program to be `` reinterviewed '' the appropriate tax forms will not update . You must go to the form and update it manually .2 . If , for example , you are half-way through an interview session and click `` GO TO FORMS , '' when you return to the interview it goes back to the beginnig of the interview and may not retain the information that you previously entered into the session .3 . When you are in FORMS and try to expand a particular secetion of Schedule A you can only see a very few lines at a time . I discovered that items that I deducted last year were still included this year , but were hidden -LRB- with no indications that they were there -RRB- until you scrolled down . I scrolled down many blank lines until I found some entries that I did n't want.The PA State program is even worse.This is my last year to use this horrible product!Ron
 I have used Turbio Tax Deluxe for many years and have never had a problem . This year -LRB- TTD for 2002 -RRB- is a different story . I have had to install it twice and pay for it twice ! I have written Turbo Tax a letter aboutr the problems and have yet to receive a reply -LRB- 3 + weeks -RRB- . There are more problems running the system than I have seen with any other software , ever ! I recommend you buy an abacus or go to jail for tax evasion rather than waste your money on this product !
 I purchased this software and planned to file taxes this weekend but still could not activate it . I spent almost all day trying to figure out what is the problem . It looks like that if any additional devices or peripherals are installed on you computer it would not be possible to activate this software . However , all other software packages installed on my computer work without any problems .
 TurboTax used to be a reasonalbe solution . Now it is a horrifyigly bad priece of software . It makes mistakes , does n't let the user fix them and is full of obnoxious marketing for past products from past years.THE WORST SOFTWARE I 'VE EVER USED.SAVE YOURSELVES . BUY ANY OTHER TAX PACKAGE BUT THIS ONE .
 ... On to the infamous installation . It is really , really broken . I tried maybe 100 times to execute the one-step update . That NEVER works . It does n't give up though , it will hang there for 12 hours or 12 years pretending it 's going to download something . I downloaded the executable to update locally . The install failed and after that every time I tried to run TTax it immediately crashed . I uninstalled and repeated this a couple of times . Last time through , Turbo Tax Deluxe 2002 trashed my partition and I could no longer boot my computer . I happen to be an engineer and I 'm pretty hip with computers , so amazingly I was able to bring up the Windows 2000 Repair Console and repair my hard disk without having to reinstall the OS.I finally reinstalled Turbo Tax on drive C , the default . The local update then magically worked . The program now works okay , but my wife and I are both thoroughly grossed out and disgusted by the ineptitude and greed of our friends at Intuit . They do put spyware on your computer . One of their executives commented that it only uses about 1M of memory -- all the time your computer is on , until you uninstall the spyware . Hello , I paid cash for computer memory and hard disk space , and these thugs have helped themselves to part of it for their own profit and convenience , to spy on me . I do n't like that .
 I have used taxcuts in the past and have found it to be ok . I have a few years of back taxes to do and thought about switching to turbo tax , but after reading these reviews I 'm afraid to . I 'm not very computer savy and turbo tax sounds like the installation problems and potential for crashing are highWhat about the previous tax years for turbo tax , if you buy the 2000 , 2001 versions do they have these problems that everyone is talking about ?
 You have to email them to activate the program . If you want to install it on another machine you have to buy another . If your machine crashes I guess it 's tough for you and good for them . The software tries to sell you upgrades and it advertises products for you to buy . I do n't like that . At the end you have to download upgrades . After 45 minutes of downloading on a 56K modem I gave up . The software itself seems to work well and I 've used it in the past , but because of the hassles I will not use it again . Do n't buy it . -LRB- I 'd have given it zero stars , but 1 star is the minimum . -RRB-
 Submitted federal and state income tax three -LRB- 3 -RRB- times and each time it was rejected due to LAST YEAR 's AVERAGE GROSS INCOME -LRB- AGI -RRB- WAS NOT WHAT THE IRS HAD ON FILE.Filing 2002 Taxes - NOT - 2001 Taxes . Ca n't get back in to refile without being charged AGAIN .
 Used TurboTax for many years and have been very satisfied with Intuit products until this year . Very difficult to activate on Win XP and places CDilla spyware on your drive . Only recently did they admit the software was placed on the HD and put a difficult to find removal tool on their website . If they had come clean about product activation - no problem . Never using Intuit products again and am recommending to everyone I can tell to avoid them also . Just my $ 0.02 .
 If I am willing to pay for a program i shouldnt be bombarded by adds and telemarketers and have spyware put on my computer that cant be removed . I 'm dissapointed i have to give up what was once a great product but no more intuit for me .
 TurboTax Deluxe is advertised as containing a free state download . It 's not . You have to pay -LSB- money -RSB- for the download by credit card , plus state tax if applicable , then fill out and send in the rebate form . So , you are paying interest on your credit card , state tax , and Intuit is getting interest on your money before they send it back in 6 to 8 weeks . IT 'S NOT FREE .
 The first and last time I purchase anything developed by Intuit after using Turbo Tax Deluxe . As you step through the program do your taxes you are bombarded by advertising to by additional products . Also beware of the fine print on the free state tax program , I ended up not using this feature because Intuit wanted a credit card number from me for this free service . For the average homeowner you can get everything you need from the IRS website and do your own taxes . So take the 39.00 dollars and spend it somewhere else and save yourself some frustration .
 I purchased TurboTax Deluxe 2002 because it contains a voucher for State . After installing -LRB- and discovering C-Dilla , ugh -RRB- I proceded to update and use the product . After completion , I used the state portion of the product so that I could file there as well . The State portion was broken . I was unable to complete the questioning becuase there was a loop in the questions , it kept taking me back to a particular spot and removing data that I had entered . I spent hours online with their -LRB- slow and terrible -RRB- tech support people and finally just filed on paper . What a disaster . Their solution would be for me to TOTALLY start over in federal as well and see if I could repeat it again . What a crummy idea ? They are aware that this is a bug , but have no intention of fixing it . Good luck if you buy this ... , you are going to need it .
 This years TurboTax has been a major mistake for Intuit . I ca n't believe they expect us to install it and live with a 1M memory resident program to protect them from piracy . There are a lot more graceful ways of doing product activation . Just because some people pirate software does n't mean they should take it out on the rest of us . I know they have performed independent tests arguing they are not doing anything wrong.I would recommend against this buying this software this year , unless you want memory resident anti-piracy software installed on your computer eating your valuable memory .
 I did n't mind only being able to print out from one printer as others have stated , but the Massachusetts State tax will cause you to make errors if you are filing as a part time resident . I had to override several of my answers and get the hard copy of the instructions to avoid making costly mistakes . The software automatically assumes bank interests is Mass bank interests and does n't give instructions on how to ommit non-mass-residency dividends and interest . Had to look at the hard copy which was very clear . Also , getting to an exact location in the state tax interview requires you to open a form and then go back to the interview . Every page should be available in the drop down menu .
 Intuit puts Turbo Tax on store shelves knowing full well it is an incomplete product . The first thing you have to do is log onto the internet and spend hours downloanding additional software that was not included on the CD . I suppose they do this to increase profits , but in reality they are losing customers , like me . I 'll be using Tax Cut next year .
 Have to add another review if it will save a mac user from buying this product . I too am a long time user . I finished my return ok but got an error message saying it wont print my 1040 because a form is out of date and I needed to load updates . I did , took almost forever , but blindly went back to error check - same error message . Went to tech support , said I could get help for 20 dollars - paying extra for a defective program . Finally found the chat room and got a live tech person . He told me to uninstall and reinstall turbotax and delete some windows files . I said I had a mac and got a reply that the the windows files would be on the mac under the same name . NO WAY . Asked again how I could fix this problem and was asked `` do I have any other problems '' I told him to check out the amazon.com reviews and look in the want adds for another job as turbotax seems to be going down . Stay away from this kludge . Well , that made me feel better , am now calling a tax pro .
 I have been an Intuit customer for many years with Quicken and TurboTax . With their new policy , I and many like me are being treated like thieves . Understand the need to protect the intellectual properties , but I resent having software loaded that I do not want or need . Had I known this when purchased , I would have gone then to TaxCut . Living overseas I need flexibility to restore my system without making calls long-distance and for long periods to Intuit . Sorry , no more Intuit products for me . I will live with my older version of Quicken and switch to TaxCut .
 I was going to use TAX CUT this year but , they had just put it on the shelves and did n't lower the price yet so I chose TurboTax for the sixth year in a row . When my computer hard disk had errors , I upgraded . It took me over 20 minutes of online help with intuit to reactivate the software , they kept asking circular questions . Based on this customer service I will not use the software next year .
 Below the email I sent to Intuit . ANd guess what I got for it . ? A canned response . This is fit for nothing but the dumpster . This product is nothing but trouble.I have used Turbotax for more than 7 years , but I threw this yearsproduct in the rubbish.If you have installed TTax 2002 , but ca n't get rid of Cdilla , try running this : Uninstall TurbotaxRun this at the command line : CDAC13BA.exe / uninstallThen , rebootSearch your drives for anything beginning CDAC , delete itSearch your registry for `` Safecast '' . Delete all keysReboot . Pour a sherry , buy Taxcut , and relax . ------------------------------------------------ -LSB- email -RSB-
 Okay , I loaded TurboTax on my computer ... . I activated the product . During Christmas my hard drive went kaput and so I had to reinstall Windows . Well the product would n't work after re-installation ! I called up Customer Support and they told me I needed to buy another license ... . After uninstalling it again , and deleting the C-Dilla directory , I now find my computer crashes as it boots up Windows.Don ' t buy this product ...
 As a long time Intuit products user and shareholder , I am very disappointed with the over aggresive copy protection on the TurboTax product . The problems with the software are well documented in other user 's comments so I wont elaborate there . As a shareholder , I of course support the companies efforts to combat piracy , but not at the expense of paying customers . I would n't be surprised if TT does n't sell well this year , and my stock loses some value . Likely it will cost me something in the short-term , but will teach Intuit that user 's will not accept such poor functioning products .
 TurboTax is a great program - easy to use , very functional for its intended purpose . We 've been using it for years and have been very happy with it . But , apparently the company that provides TurboTax -LRB- Intuit -RRB- has decided that us shiftless customers are not to be trusted , we could be pirating their software . So Intuit has implemented an ` activation ' scheme to protect their software . So far the `` protection ' has worked great . It has prevented us from using the software at all . After 4 calls to the `` customer service '' department , and a lot of time on hold , we still have not been able to get it activated . Yesterday on the 4th call , Intuit finally admitted they were `` having problems '' with the activation process , after initially implying it was `` user error '' . They say they expect to have a ` fix ' soon ... What a lousy way to treat customers .
 To the 14 people in a row that gave this product 5 stars , yes 14 in a row - I say HA ! If you work for Intuit - which you obviously do , please do n't post positive reviews to offset all the negative ones ! You are just insulting everyone 's intelligence.It also says a lot about the company!I will not buy this software due to the brilliant copy protection scheme - which is too bad , as I loved it in the prior years .
 I have purchased and used Turbo Tax DeLux since the software became available . Never had any problems until this year . I purchased it online last December . The new activation process is not designed with the customer in mind . The only time I got into the program was when I initally installed it and paid for it with my credit card . Even though I was given the correct key number and order number on 3 occasions by 3 different TT reps. , I can no longer use it . The online help is a joke -LRB- long and tedious to get help -RRB- , especially in light of the software program changes for 2002 . Intuit and their software developers did not think of the consumers on this one . Too bad a great program was brought down to a less-than-adequate level .
 After install turbotax and activate the product , my Dual Xeon 2.4 Ghz Dell workstation 530 became is so busy all the time , and slowed winmodem connection , virtually to a point that computer online function is disable . I rebooted my computer multiple times only to find that CPU usage for both processors are consistently running over 50 % without running any other applications . I thought must be some auto start programs were running , but after I did `` msconfig '' to make sure absolutely no applications were running , the CPU usuage was still over 50 % . I was very upset . Afer my tech friend suggested me to check XP task manager , services , I realize that intuit installed some -LSB- software -RSB- , including digital file monitoring program in the background to check files to keep the computer this busy . After disable that , the computer returns to normal . But the turbotax is not working anymore . I will send this back to intuit for a refund . I am so fedup , I will say bye to all intuit products once for all , and I do mean it !
 I recently purchased TurboTax deluxe 2002 . It now requires a activation code to tie it to your computer . This feature did not work over the internet . I had to use the phone . The software focuses too much on trying to sell other services . Every few questions tries to get you to sign up for a service or more software . Finally the internet updates and filing did not work because I have a firewall . Intuit 's solution was to disable my firewall and NAT software because they only work in a very restrictive network environment . If you are connected to the internet using DSL and have a Router/firewall , avoid this product and save yourself several hours of frustration . I 'm returning the product for a refund .
 I 've used Turbotax for years and like the tax portion . However Turbotax does not allow you to use live update if you are running any anti-virus or firewall product . You get server errors from their site . They also refuse to answer the question of what they are trying to access on your machine during the session !! Their technical support tells you to turn off everything and do the download . If you are running DSL or cable and have a simple router installed you are simply out of luck if you want to get updates . In my home configuration that means I have to either physically move machines , load my dsl providers lame software and do the update in an unprotected fashion . Of course none of this is documented ! Intuit has lost my business for tax software and will lose it for other products if they do not get their head out of the sand .
 I read most of the bad reviews before I bought the program thinking the problems would n't happen to me . Boy was I wrong . After trying six times to install the program and getting a message stating `` can not open file as read-only '' , I tried to contact the online customer support line . Although they were courteous and responsive , my dog could have provided me more solutions . I hope Intuit will return this for me . Unless you like high blood pressure and self-induced hair loss , DONT BUY THIS PROGRAM
 I have been an Intuit customer for 11 years . I have always used Turbo Tax and Quicken . However , this year I purchased Tax Cut because of Intuit 's product activation scheme . I refuse to buy software from a company that assumes I am a criminal . Tax Cut 's EULA allows you to install and prepare taxes for the whole family . I have never pirated any software . Now Intuit wo n't have to worry about me - they lost me as a customer.By the way Tax Cut did an EXCELLENT job of preparing and filing my taxes . Tax Cut also costs less than Turbo Tax . What else do you need to know ? Tax Cut is the better deal .
 TurboTax 's new SpyWare policy is an insult to honestcustomers.Yes , I realize that there 's a lot of `` pass this onto your friends '' going on with tax software . Butnasty spyware , that does n't even uninstall whenthe TurboTax program is uninstalled , is uncalledfor.And I am not someone disappointed I have to payfor this software . I buy my software , thank you verymuch , because I write software , and believe developershave a right to be paid for their efforts.Unless you have a very specialized return that requiresa feature only available in TurboTax , I suggest usingTaxCut . For the most part , the major tax software packagesare interchangeable , and TaxCut does n't use draconianlicensing procedures .
 I usually use a desktop at work , a notebook that is carried between work and home , and a desktop at home . I previously used my TT on one or more of the three computers . The schema by Intuit has convinced me that there is another developer out there who will appreciate the business . It is better to have a little of almost everything than a lot of nothing as I 'm sure Intuit will find out this year .
 MY RATING FOR THIS PRODUCT IS ZERO STARSThe TurboTax product has a bug that locks tha computer every time the user enters one of those screens where there 's a video clip to be played . You have to reboot and wait until Scandisk checks your drive . You lose all your information ! These videoclips are all over the program ! Are they really needed to do the taxes ? I do n't think so . I called technical support online in 3 occasions . The first time , they told me to delete all cookies on my system . I did , did n't fix the problem . The second time , they told me to defragment the drive , which I did , it did n't fixed the TurboTax bug either . The third time , they told me that Turbo Tax needs 75-80 % of the system resources to be free , that I needed to call a computer technician to free my resources ! That 's dumb , you need a computer with more than 512MB of RAM ca n't run TurboTax ??!!! It 's UNACCEPTABLE that intuit sells this product which is so BUGGY and then THEY DO N'T HAVE QUALIFIED PEOPLE TO GIVE SUPPORT . intuit DOES N'T HAVE A TOLL-FREE NUMBER FOR SUPPORT . THEY GAVE ME A LONG-DISTANCE NUMBER , SO CUSTOMERS HAVE TO PAY FOR THIR FAULTY PRODUCT THAT IS NOT WORKING ! -LSB- . -RSB- THAT 'S ABUSIVE .
 I ca n't believe they have the arrogance to install C-Dilla Malware/Spyware on a customers machine with their product . C-Dilla is intrusive , always on , attempts to send * information * out on the internet all the time - even when Turbotax is not running , and may possibly make your CD-RW drive behave differently.Don ' t buy this product - buy TaxCut from H&R Block !
 I could live with the program being locked to a single machine -- if I could move it to a different machine . I installed to a desktop , then wanted to move it to my tablet pc I bought later . Intuit told me to go lump it . They literally said that if my desktop had been run over by a truck , they would have given me a new key ; but in this case , I 'd have to buy a second copy of the program .
 I contacted their tech support about whether the product activation installs background programs on my system , and was told that `` all they could say about product activation was that it would n't affect my other programs . `` Forget this -- I 'm returning it and buying TaxCut 2002 . If they ca n't trust me -LRB- a legitimate buyer -RRB- , I wo n't put my trust in them , either .
 I have used TT since 1988 . I will be switching next year . I have no issue with Intuit wanting to protect their software . I do not want to steal from them . However , I installed the software and activated it over the internet . A few days later it stopped working and when I tried to activate it again , it said the software had already been installed on another computer . This is not true . After hours dealing with their support people , they finally shipped me a free replacement . I installed it and it worked fine ... for a week . The replacement product did the same thing the original one had done . I finally discovered that any modification of the master boot record or partition tables will deactivate the software . I resize partitions on my machine all the time ! So I am now stuck with 2 copies of the software and neither works ! Intuit did not think this one through at all ! this stuff is junk !
 The activation feature caused nothing but problems when installing it on the new computer we got for Christmas . Intuit phone support was of no help . I 'm switching next year if they do n't remove this damn activation . Also , it 's not clear that the product is additionally crippled by requiring separate purchase of TurboTax state -LRB- even if there is a rebate for it -RRB- .
 All I wanted to do was start my review at work and finish it at home . Product activation makes this software package useless . After 3 years of doing taxes with Turbo Tax , I will be trying something else next year .
 When I installed it on my computer , I activated it . Later in the day it complained that the copy was activated on another computer , and asked me to buy another copy . Since it was a weekend , I called customer support and was asked to call again onMonday.I got nowhere with the customer service rep , and ended up returning the software to my local store to get another copy witha fresh activation code . This code lasted a day before it askedme to buy a new copy again . This time customer service gave mea new key over the phone.I probably wasted 4 hours on this activation stuff.The stuff is buggy , buggy , buggy .
 I purchased this disaster and will no longer be a TurboTax user after this year . Intuit 's idea was to limit use to one computer . Fine , but if you ever plan to get a new hard drive , or get a new computer , you will need a NEW license from Intuit to activate the software you already have a license to use . This is way too restrictive . Buy TaxCut . If Intuit puts activation on Quicken , I 'll be a Money user .
 I 've lost complete trust in using the new Turbo Tax . The installation process requires a new `` product activation '' step that should be cause for concern ... . I wish Intuit did n't force their customers to `` activate '' their software . Very scary.Sorry to say I 've been a long time user , too
 The new PA scheme is really a shame.Fortunately I installed first on the desktop where I plan to do my final taxes , rather than on my notebook , like I usually do , for testing scenarios.I thought about asking for a refund , but it would probably be too much of a hastle to deal with Intuit over this.I 'll certainly be looking for a different solution next year!Perhaps I should move to Money before I get bitten by the next round of Quicken .
 I installed it on my laptop to get started figuring out the program . About a week later I formatted the laptop drive to get my Vaio buttons to work -LRB- recovery disk -RRB- . Now I want to install it on my desktop and start working only to find out I ca n't . I hope they can retire on what I paid for this because they 'll never get another dime of my money . EVER .
 If you even think your computer may need to reload its software because of a crash or hardware replacement this product is not for you . Product activation is reverse software piracy and a pain .
 As you 've read in all these reviews so far , this new protection scheme they are using is costing them yet another customer . This is the LAST YEAR that I will be using Turbo Tax . It 's bad enough that they send the disc to me in the mail hoping I will submit my credit card and pay a very high RETAIL price for it . Now on top of that they hold me hostage to their new licensing scheme and treat me like a thief , not a paying customer . Been buying and recommending this product for 8 years , but will no longer support Intuit or their products . I feel sorry for their shareholders .
 I have used TurboTax since 1993 . During that time , I would have rated it with 31/2 to 4 stars . Now with this activation nonsense , I will rate it at 1 star.The reason
 If you 've ever been under review by the friendly folks at the IRS , you 'd better make sure that you can access any number of prior year 's data.This new version of TT will hinder you at every corner.Do you think the IRS will let you use this as an excuse?Think again before buying this program !
 Installs hidden directory and a spyware service . After the first install , you must call by phone or Internet to `` activate '' the program.The saved pdf file had markings saysing the product needed an update . After laboriously downloading the updates , they failed . The program would not even come up . Uninstall and re-install without applying the updates made it usable.I have used it the last three years or so , but I will not again.They should list on the box cover the activation procedure and clearly state what spyware they will install .
 In the last ten years , TurboTax is the only tax software I bought and used , but not anymore . With Activation code and DRM , I simply wo n't touch it , period .
 I 've had the misfortune of using Turbotax for a couple of years now . I hate it every year and swear I will never use it again . With 10 years of personal software development experience , I can not fathom what kind of morons came up with Turbotax . I 'm shopping for another package this very night , and hope I can get it installed before April 15 . I loathe Turbotax .
 I have used Turbotax for many years but after this year 's experience I 'll never buy it again . Their `` activation '' feature -LRB- actually an anti-copy attempt -RRB- makes it so you have to stay glued to ONE computer . Ca n't put TT on my laptop or on my office computer.I invoked the `` 100 % satisfaction guarantee '' and got my money back . Bought H&R Taxcut and it works better than Turbotax ever did.Save yourself a big headache . Switch to Taxcut and dump Turbotax.BEWARE
 I had to learn it from the papers -LRB- AFTER buying TurboTax -RRB- , but the fact that I can not use the office printer -LRB- as I usually did in the past years -RRB- AND I have to learn how to uninstall spyware makes this product absolutely worthless . Never again .
 I have used TurboTax several times over the past few years , but I wo n't be using it this year . Aside from the notorious problems with Intuit 's `` anti-piracy '' feature , really lousy customer service , and updtae difficulties , here is a problem most users do n't even know about . Intuit apparently sells your contact info to everyone under the sun , because you 'll get a flood of junkmail and spam after registering . The company makes it very challenging to opt-out , and they absolutely FLOOD you with their own junkmail ...
 I loved my Quicken and Turbotax for over 10 years but not likely a future customer . I read the reviews but because I was a happy past user and wanted to import about a dozen last years info I purchased it anyway . I had shared mine with my family in the past but thought I could live with activation . After all , they can just come over and do their taxes on my machines . Intuit still wo n't sell any more and we follow their rules . BUT IT IS MUCH WORSE ! BELIEVE THE REVIEWS . I finally got it to work but had to reconfigure my network and how I print and how I connect to the internet JUST FOR THIS !! It only works -LRB- ? -RRB- if you have the simplest basic setup or can switch to it . AND WHO KNOWS WHAT SECURITY HOLES THIS C-DILLA WILL OPEN FULL TIME .
 Product installed fine , but then would not activate.I kept getting an error message - `` Product Activation Error - Vendor Error 8 , Tracking Code 120 -LRB- or 113 -RRB- '' . Went to support web site and they listed my error message , thought I was in luck but it gave no usefull solution.Since they have no free phone support , tried chatting with support . Very worthless . The agents must be chatting with 15 people at a time , it takes several minutes to respond to each of my comments , so it takes 45 minutes to chat back and for a few times . First thing they do is send me the useless web page from the support site , then they send me a program to run that does n't apply to my error message . I do n't know if they did this to just get rid of me , since installing this required a re-boot , or they thought I was one of the other 15 people , and just sent me the wrong thing.After re-boot chatted with support again , first person I chatted with sent same web page again . No help . Then chatted with senior support . He asked some different questions . Are you on a network ? etc. . But then sent me to a web page on how to intall the product from the hard disk . -LRB- Hello ? -RRB- I did n't have a problem installing the product , my problem was activating it , after I installed it . He then asks if I 'm running a firewall . I am , so he says to disable it and my problem will be solved.Disabled my firewall and it still did n't work . Chat one more time , and I am told to return the product.After reading comments here I see that my problem is probably due to my machine being a dual boot machine . Support never asked me that question , and I never saw anything about dual boot machines not being supported . Applications should not be writing to the boot loader area , this should be reserved for ... boot loaders.Lots of wasted time , big thumbs down from me .
 Intuit has crossed the line . Not only do they market a mediocre product -LRB- at best -RRB- , but their new license activation system further comprises the usability and value of the product . Like MS , they have decided to use their monopoly position against their customers . There are comparable if not better tax prep products that do not burden the user with unreasonable licensing policies . In summary , overpriced mediocre software with an unacceptable licensing scheme . Choose any other product .
 I have been a user of Quicken and Intuit products since about 1988 starting with Quicken 1.0 . A friend gave me a copy of 1.0 and I loved it so I bought it and have upgraded it almost every year since . My tax software was Personal Tax Edge by Parsons Technology -LRB- which at the time was better then TT BTW -RRB- . Parsons was owned by Intuit who when they sold it off forced it to discontinue its tax software . Since I like Quicken it did n't bother me to switch to Intuits own Turbo-Tax even though is was n't as good . I have been using it faithfully now for 5-6 years . However , this will be the last time I upgrade either Quicken or TT given the distrust and inconvenience they now provide for their loyal customers . Not only are they insisting on activation and dumping spy-ware on their LOYAL customers PC , but previous `` free '' state software was easily downloaded from within TT but now must be pay for it up front first then submit for a rebate . Hope your satisfied `` Mr. Intuit '' you 've lost another one . By the way `` Mr. Intuit '' I did n't get my renewal notice either . I guess you were tired of me as customer . So be it .
 This statement from Intuit 's own TurboTax FAQ was the reason I 'll be returning the product and trying TaxCUT . `` Example
 They seem to go to some length to make the program NOT-User friendly , or environmentally friendly . i.e. , Even though I E-filed , it was necessary to print numerous pages that were duplicate 's of the screen instructions . A back up copy of the actual tax documents are all that should be printed -LRB- give us some options , here -RRB- . Then the rebate process is a test of one 's patients -LRB- of course they want you to become aggravated and throw it in the trash -RRB- . You do the forms , E-mail them to Intuit , print them out a copy to mail back and then you have to hand write those silly little cut-out forms with the exact same information ... Phueeee !
 Mine was a slightly complex return and but turbotax handled it properly . The only problem is the spyware . My computer had a fujitsu hard drive , and as everybody knows there is callback on Fujitsu hard drives . But before , I could send it for replacement , it crashed . Thankfully , I had backed up all my data . But when I again tried to reload the Turbotax software , I had to buy software again . And the mail-in rebate is also paid only once so intuit milks you from all sides . Great way of making money , but I wo n't buy the software again next year .
 Warning -- you can only use this product on 1 machine . I understand the geniuses at Turbo Tax want to thwart piracy , but they did n't figure that such a bonehead move would frustrate their long time customers to the point where many of us will not use their product again.Taxes are hard enough , and we buy Turbo Tax to make this chore easier . Turbo Tax seems to have forgotten this fact . Their customer service is as friendly and helpful as the IRS .
 I do n't have a printer at home and have to use my printer at work to print the forms . Originally , I was hesitant to buy turbo tax this year because of all the bad reviews I read here . Then I read another review saying that you can save your file in pdf and print it on another machine . So I bought it.The truth is you can not print the `` smart worksheets '' and form `` 8423 '' , a required form to be filed in California , in pdf . When I talked to the help desk , all they can say is you have to print it using the same computer you installed your software ! I have been using Turbo tax for the last 4 years , I guess this will have to be the last one .
 I 've used Turbo Tax for years and years . On floppies . Under DOS . I stupidly installed it and got product activation this year . There is no reason at all to put up with this , when one can buy Tax Cut instead . Be warned .
 Here 's how Intuit can protect its TurboTax intellectual property and still keep loyal users happy
 Too bad the lowest rating you can put is still 1 star ; this product deserves 0 star . I have been using TurboTax for last few years , and this will be my last year . The activation process is a joke .
 I have used TurboTax for four or five years and found it very good . However , if I have a choice -LRB- and in this case I do -RRB- I will not purchase a program that contains any type of product activation ... . For the record , I do not share my software but I do freqently reload , change hardware and beta test so activation becomes a real -LSB- pain -RSB- ... Enjoy !
 I 've used Turbotax since it was first available but I 'm returning the 2002 version ... . because it does n't work - it fails to activate with `` Product Activation Error - Vendor Error 8 , Tracking Code 120 '' and intuit support has given three answers as to what I can do :1 . We know that 's a problem with some Windows 98 systems but we do n't have a fix for it , so keep checking our web site ... 2 . That is a problem with some Windows 98 systems , you should return it and get a new copy ... I asked
 I do n't have a real heartache with the product activation except for what happens when a company goes bankrupt and you can now longer use the software . The real headache I have with the software is that it installs a background task that runs all the time whether you running turbo tax or not . And it does not uninstall when you uninstall turbo tax . It clutters your root directory by creating a director called C_DILLA -LRB- sounds like a virus name to me -RRB- .
 first , I have been a loyal customer of Intuit for over 9 yrs using both quicken and turbo tax . I have always purchased their products and have the snail mail -LRB- junk mail -RRB- to prove that I even register it . However if I had know that I could only install this product one time on a system that will be able to print/efile . Then I would have looked for another product . It was my mistake for buying it so early last year . I am in the process of looking for a replacement for Quicken as I am sure next year it will have the same registration technique . Fool me once shame on you fool me twice same on me .
 Very much agree with the negative reviews here -- the activation scheme makes archiving dependent on keeping paper forms . Want to look at the last couple years worth of forms -- tough -- you 'd better keep all previous software because they wo n't read data from beyond last year and Intuit will tell you to hike to blazes . Or they 'll make you buy TurboTax 1998 , and in general treat you like a pirate -- instead of a customer . Avoid this product like the plague .
 The activation process is a joke , And a bad one at that.I do not care about the `` one '' computer deal , as long as the program would work . And I quote from the turbo tax support web site `` The cause of this situation and it 's solution are currently under investigation . '' Now that `` they '' have my $ $ they can not help me ? No support on weekends ? . What about a 24/7 support on the activation problem ???? Thanks for the past , but this is no good .
 I purchased TurboTax Deluxe for the fourth year in a row this year . When I went to install the program from the CD it turned out to be an AUDIO CD OF MEXICAN MUSIC ! Bizarre . My subsequent web search to determine if this was a widespread problem enlightened me to Intuit 's new copy protection scheme and spyware installation . Unacceptable . I will be using Tax Cut .
 Unlike Windows XP . Hard to believe Intuit requires more nonsense steps to use the software than Windows XP . I have purchased and used TT since 94 and I have changed my computers for five times . In addition I usually installed a copy on my home PC and a copy on my office PC . Sometime my wife will installed a copy on her office PC so she could help to input data . It is time for me to try something else though I used to like TT a lot . Boycut Intuit !
 I have used TurboTax since Personal Tax Edge was acquired years ago . However , I will not be using it this year . Last year I found TurboTax getting confusing and/or wrong in several key areas . This year with the implementation of software-hardware locking , there is no reason to bother with it anymore . Once you activate it on a PC , you ca n't fully use it anywhere else . We live in a day where people have multi-computer households , where they rely on their work-computers being configured with the same software as their home computers . Consumers -LRB- like myself -RRB- upgrade their hardware continuously . Forcing a software package to run on only a single PC configuration is nuts.Fortunately there are better alternatives for tax software -LRB- i.e. TaxCut -RRB- . I recommend consumers vote with their purchasing power and abandon this restrictive product .
 As a loyal TurboTax user since at least ' 94 , I was shocked to find that this year 's licensing restricts the software for printing to a single computer . I have contacted Intuit support and I was told that if I -LRB- 1 -RRB- buy a new computer -LRB- 2 -RRB- want to print from work -LRB- 3 -RRB- my computer crashes -LRB- 4 -RRB- any other reason I ca n't get my pc to print , I will have to buy a new license from Intuit . It sounds like they 've decided to license personal finance software like an Operating System from Microsoft . I really do n't understand that mentality . I do n't believe that computers use personal finance software , I think people do . Buy TaxCut , I know I will next year -LRB- or if my PC crashes , etc. -RRB- and send Intuit a strong message !
 I 've used this program for many years , and it is an excellent tax program , but the new activation scheme makes it a poor choice now for me . Here 's why : I can no longer work on my taxes on the computer in my study -LRB- that has no attached printer -RRB- , and then copy the tax file and print out the results on another computer in my same house that IS attached to a printer , without buying another `` license '' -- that is , another turbotax program at the list price!The program can only be installed on one PC . Tough luck if it the one you work on but is not attached to a printer . You ca n't copy the tax file and print it out elsewhere because you ca n't install the program you bought `` elsewhere '' -- even in the same household-you have to buy another program!In my house , the computer with the printer is not where I can find the peace and quiet to work on my taxes . That one is in my study , but does not have a printer . I copy all other files -- word documents etc and transfer them to the ` family room ' computer for printing . Ca n't do that with turbotax without buying 2 programs.I use to put turbotax on both computers , and use one in my study for working on the taxes and the other for printing out the final result . Ca n't do that anymore unless I buy another program.I know they want to prevent unlawful copies , but they could have crippled only the print or email function , so you could n't unlawlfully give the program to someone else -LRB- it would n't be useful without the ability to print the return -RRB- -- instead they disallow installation totally on more than one computer.If this is n't an issue with you -- and it wo n't be for many users , it 's a great tax program , but in my situation -LRB- and for others like me -RRB- you 'll have to buy another program to print the tax return .
 I 've used TurboTax since 1986 and this is the last year . I would rate this product a 5 except for Intuit 's activation scheme so I 'll rate it a 1 . While I had no problem activating TT using the internet , I now find that I 'm going to have to reformat my hard drive in the immediate future . This will require that I reactivate the product to continue to use it . The same will be true if I change out the HD or buy a new computer . Also , each time I use the program , my registry is modified on the next boot which is a direct result of Intuit 's activation scheme.I have n't let others use my copy of TT but I feel like I 'm being punished anyway .
 Looking back through my collection of TurboTax files I see that I 've used the product every year since 1996 . This year I bought the product without a second thought and was dismayed to discover the product activation requirement -LRB- can print or efile from the original install computer ONLY -RRB- after loading the application . You MUST use the internet to do this . As the phone support number requires you have a PIN that can only be obtained by supplying your personal details on the Web . If you have no pin , the phone support message tells you twice , the `` exciting news '' that you must use the web or `` goodbye '' . You are disconnected . Users without internet simply can not use the product.Well this user is done with kowtowing to Intuit . No more `` rebate coupons '' -LRB- pay now , spend 15 minutes following fine-print instructions and possibly see a rebate six to eight weeks later in an envelope that looks more like advertising than a check - so you might throw it out -RRB- . Nor am I willing to be forced into their regime of dealing only with the computer - for product activation , support . It 's just to much nonsense . Goodbye Intuit .
 Although this is a great product and does the job well , Intuit now requires product activation , in the style of Windows XP and Office XP . I 've bought a copy of this software every year since 1994 , but I will switch to a different product next year if Intuit continues to require product activation . After all , if they do n't trust us with their software , why should we trust them with our taxes ?
 Do you trust your taxes to one computer and one hard drive ? I do n't ! After ten years , I wo n't even think of buying a product that I ca n't install on a backup or reinstall if something breaks on my computer . Intiut 's support pages say you ca n't install even one backup!If Intuit is so worried , they should have a way to bond to street address printed on return or something like that . Something rational .
 First let me say I have been a Turbo Tax user for over 5 years and love the product . That said , if you decide to purchase Turbo Tax , be very careful ... My copy of Turbo Tax was actived 3 days before I purchased it and the best Tech Support could do was to tell me to return it to the place of purchase and try another package . So , buyer beware is definitely the rule with Turbo Tax 2002 .
 I bought TurboTax Deluxe 2002 and have regretted ever since . First , the whole activation issue is annoying ... . Also , I think it 's rude that intuit installs ... -LRB- C-Dilla -RRB- . When you uninstall turbotax , C-Dilla ... stays on your computer.I traded in my copy of turbotax for TaxCut 2002 Deluxe and I 'm much happier now . The programs are virtually identical -LRB- except that TaxCut does n't install suspicious programs on your computer ... I 'm never buying turbotax again .
 I purchased this software new `` in the box '' . I have used Turbotax for 10 years and have generally been satified . This year the software would not allow me to `` activate '' the software over the internet and all I received was a message informing me that the multi digit product number had already been used to `` activate '' a copy of this program on another computer . Tech support was useless and could not understand that this was Turbotax 's problem and not mine . The only solution they could offer was to return the product to the place of purchase and hope that the replacement copy has also not been compromised . This is not a good way to keeep customers . I pity the poor consumer who purchases a copy on April 14 , 2003 and finds himself in the same situation . If Turbotax thought it was useful to add this `` feature '' , it could have at least sealed the boxes so the product activation number could not be `` stolen '' . Turbotax needs to resolve this issue asap or they wo n't need to worry about piracy -- all of Turbotax 's prior customers will switch to Taxcut or other tax software you can actually use without undergoing an FBI investigation .
 I have used TurboTax since 1989 and it just keeps getting better , at least until 2002 . This year I returned TurboTax and bought TaxCut after the install messed up and requested another -LSB- ammount of money -RSB- to register the program . Also , the rebate for the State tax program and the rebate for purchasing Quicken 2003 require the same original proof of purchase .
 It seems that both companies and users have short memories and do not remember why companies who wrote copy protected software died in the 1980 's . Copy protected software holds data hostage , and threatens the very investment in that software . Risking future access to tax data is unacceptable.Copy protected software burdens the user who pays for software , while generally having no effect on pirates . Intuit has lost the business of myself , my family , and friends by putting our needs last.Intuit - pay attention here . Microsoft can get away with product activation because there are no alternatives . I made the mistake of buying your product , but I am still going to buy TaxCut this year , and I have advised everyone I know to buy TaxCut as well.People who complacently accept product activation have not considered the consequences of artifically binding software to hardware . When product activation becomes the industry norm , it will be necessary to contact dozens of companies for permission to reinstall software that has already been paid for . It is very likely many companies will simply refuse , like Intuit has already done . Even partial upgrades -LRB- such as a new hard drive or network card -RRB- can cause activations to fail and potentially require reactivation for every application on a computer .
 I do n't begrudge anyone for trying to protect their software from piracy , but their hidden software protection scheme crashed my computer , and there was no answer for technical support . Apparently it installs some kind of hidden program on your computer without telling you . I lost three days of work in my office while I waited for a support person to reinstall all of my software . I 've used Turbo-tax for more than a decade , but never again . This software is too dangerous to install . It just is n't worth the risk that it will screw up your ocmputer . I 'm trying a competitor . So long Intuit .
 I bought this to use on my daughter 's computer and thought I could bring it home with me and use it on my computer also . It automatically registered it online on her computer and therefore I was not able to `` activate it '' when I got home to my computer . I thought I could call Turbo Tax and explain that her printer would not print the return because of a printer problem , but I was unable to talk to a human with any of the phone #s provided . I went out and bought Tax Cut by H R Block which is a much easier program to use . It also imports data from my hard drive from the Turbo Tax file I used last year . The box says that `` Satisfaction is guaranteed and money refunded if not happy within the first 60 days . '' The store will not take back an opened box of software and I am unable to find the address on the box , manual , or internet . So how can I return it?The company should print in large letters on the box that this can not be used on more than one computer because of their new `` activation code '' requirements.C.J .
 There was no advanced warning regarding the activiation requirement . This version of TurboTax is really unacceptable . Intuit seems to be unconcerned with regard to customer satisfaction . ... The C-Dilla software that in installed with TurboTax is the same software that spys on your PC . And even if you remove the TurboTax software from your PC , the C-Dilla software is not removed !!! ...
 After installing TurboTax and purchasing the key code to use I found that without my knowledge intuit had install a well know software A.K.A. -LRB- Spyware or C-Dilla -RRB- on my computer.After following the online instruction for removing I found that a file that spy on my CD drive was unremoveable . `` CDAC11BA.EXE '' I been told that the only way to remove this file is to completely reformat my hard drive.Why would anyone trust your valuable data and taxes to this type of company?I will be getting a full refund and using one of the other software available for Taxes.Remember the government ca n't do this to you so how can a software company?Place your vote by not purchasing this product .
 I have been using TurboTax since it was a Parson 's Technology product ! Like the others , I have always been pleased . Thank you fellow reviewers for sharing your hard earned experience with the rest of us . The value of my time , if spent recovering from some of the horror stories told here , would exceed all the monies I have spent with Parsons/Intuit to date.I too will buy elsewhere this year . Eternal thanks to the unfortunate who went before me . Has anyone called the Wall Street Journal?Sincerely , Gary
 It installs a copy protection system service that runs AT ALL TIMES and consumes your system resources . It creates a hidden directory at the root of your drive for this copy protection software . If you buy a new PC you have to beg for new activation code to reinstall it . Dont support Intuit 's attempt at restrictive licensing that penalizes their legal customers !
 TurboTax is one of several programs on the market that are well suited for people with an uncomplicated tax situation . If your financial disclosures are complex -LRB- e.g. , self-employment , unusual deductions , securities trading , or other situations where knowledge of the tax code is essential for accurate filing -RRB- , consider professional preparation.The interface is generally intuitive and guides you through completion of the 1040 form . There are simple checks for glaring mistakes and the program provides alerts for entries that might trigger an audit due to extreme values . Once all entries are complete , the program will print out IRS-approved tax forms for traditional filing or initiate electronic filing . Basic help inquiries can get you through problems with the program . There is also packaged and online help with tax questions . As noted above , it is probably unwise to rely on the program to understand the intricacies of the tax code . If you are unsure about a declaration or deduction , professional help can spare you the pleasures of personal interactions with fun and friendly IRS staff . If you have used TurboTax in previous years , the program will automatically transfer information from the most recent year . This feature is a mixed blessing , saving you a small amount of time in entering family and employment information , but requiring care if there have been any changes in your income and deductions.I have used TurboTax for the past 5 years and am generally satisfied with the results . However , this year will be the last time I will use this program for several reasons . First , new copy protection procedures make it possible to install and the program on one and only one computer -LSB- without obtaining a new activation code . -RSB- This becomes a problem if you wish to maintain forms from previous years as an archive , but purchase a new computer . Second , this year the program installs C-Dilla , a program that makes it difficult to copy software or music CDs with CD-RW drives . However , the precise functions and online transmissions of this program are not identified . It is a serious breach of confidence and ethics to covertly install software , or list the inclusion within the reams of fine print in the licensing agreement . The potential for abuse is enormous . Look at this way . You are entering the most sensitive of all your personal information into TurboTax , including your address , social security number , employee ID number , and your income . -LSB- Programs -RSB- such as C-Dilla , should not be given access , potential or actual , to any part of this information . Unfortunately , I learned of these shortcomings after purchasing TurboTax for 2002 ...
 I 've used TurboTax for so many years that I 've lost count -LRB- 8 , 9 ? -RRB- , and have just counted on it being there every year , like the change of the seasons . Unfortunately , this year 's version has played havoc with some of my startup services even when it 's not running . It 's installed some version of -LSB- a program -RSB- that is sending encrypted packets to Intuit , and when I 've used another program to rip out the -LSB- program -RSB- , the main program quits running . When I went to re-install it , it would n't activate without wanting me to re-register . I 've been waiting on hold for 45 minutes waiting for customer support , and am still holding as I write this . This used to be the top of the heap for tax prep software , but I 'm afraid that I 'll have to purchase one of the other prep packages to do my taxes this year . TurboTax has gone the way of AOL , in commandeering your system resources as its own , and not letting you use them without its own poorly planned permission .
 I am in absolute agreement with many reviewers about the undesirable nature of the new copy protection scheme used by Intuit in Turbotax 2002 . There are suggestions within newsgroups that the C-Dilla/Macrovision sopy protection software that insinuates itself into your computer without asking your permission also remains after Turbotax is uninstalled , continuing to use memory and hard drive space , at the very least.After reading these reports , I returned to an earlier image of my root drive , absolutely removing the C-Dilla files , and thus all traces of the program.I am angry with Intuit for what I feel is reaching into and manipulating my machine without my consent or knowledge , and intend to cease using their products . They need to know how I feel , how we all feel about this sort of invasive copy protection.Steve Bennett is the President and CEO of Intuit , Bill Campbell is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the corporation , Tom Allanson is Senior Vice President of the Consumer Tax Group of Intuit , and Caroline Donahue is Vice President in charge of Sales . I obtained these names , and there are many more executives listed , on the Intuit corporate web site , along with the address for corporate offices in Mountain View , CA . I have written each , requesting an immediate refund for a product I refuse to use . I copied information I found on the web discussing negative aspects of this copy protection , and included that with my letters , in case these executives needed to know why I was so upset.Perhaps Intuit will respond with a more tolerable copy protection plan when enough people demand refunds , and express their dissatisfaction with the product .
 I used this product for several years until Intuit decided to install the CDILLA spyware , which runs constantly on your computer , consuming resources and doing who knows what.I got a new hardrive and the software no longer ran , until I got on the phone with tech support.Now I uninstalled Turbo Tax and CDILLA wo n't go away .
 It 's true , Intuit installs C Dilla anti-piracy software so it can only be used on your PC , even worse they do n't remove it when you uninstall TurboTax . Research C Dilla with and web search engine and you 'll find for yourself - it 's a Trojan virus .
 This software is an utter pile of code errors , mistakes , and problems . I returned it within a two days of purchasing it and got TaxCut . The difference in the two was so big that next year I will only be purchasing only one
 I bought TurboTax Deluxe about a month ago . Now the Update feature does not work . The One-Click update stops with a message &#65533; one-click update problems &#65533; &#65533; and there is no further explanation . I checked the INTUIT website , and found a link for manual update . I downloaded the file for the Deluxe version , all 12.1 Mb , and ran the exe file . It seems to unpack the file correctly , and says the files will be applied when TurboTax is launched . Upon launching TurboTax a message appears saying &#65533; TurboTax has detected patches that are not installed on system &#65533; . I have spent two hours on the TurboTax internet expert chat and no one has given a solution , other than request the update CD by mail . Totally unsatisfactory !! This is not the first year that I have had problems with the Update process . One other year it totally corrupted the file I had spent hours entering . I had to enter all the data again.This hassle , plus the inclusion of spy-ware in TurboTax has made me a dissatisfied customer . I have been purchasing TurboTax since 1992 , with only occasional problems . If I could get my money back now , I would do that and buy TaxCut !!! Next year it is TAX CUT for SURE !!
 I always liked Turbo Tax the best . But buying crippled software is like buying a car and only having one set of keys which can not be replaced . God forbid anything should happen to them . Intuit should take more lessons from Linux -LRB- which now has 6 % of the desktop market -RRB- and fewer from Bill Gates -LRB- who is all done and just does n't know it yet -RRB- .
 There is a big sale of Turbotax deluxe . I do n't need it and really do n't want it . I do my state tax while the federal forms are printing . The internet hookup is awful and many of the features are invasive . I bought it this year , but next year ... taxcutI also agree with most of the negative reviews
 I have used Intuit products for many years without giving a thought to seriously considering the competition . All has changed with Intuit 's new policy.When I discovered this morning what it would take to install and use Turbotax to do my 2002 taxes , I immediately aborted the install and purchased the TaxCut product which , while not as slick as Turbotax , is not invasive to my PC and does n't presume that I am going to rip the vendor off by illegally copying or using their product . I 'll be returning my copy of TT-2002 tomorrow to Intuit 's San Diego returns warehouse.I guess I will also consider migrating off Quicken to Money 2003 since that comes packaged with TaxCut has received very good reviews . Intuit has indeed opened the proverbial `` Pandora 's box '' !
 I 've been using TT since it was Parson 's Technology 's Personal Tax Edge in the early nineties . It has always been an excellent program . This year , after unboxing the disc I 'd purchased at Sam 's Club about two weeks ago , I realized it had no product key code printed in the space provided . Simple problem , or so I thought , until I reviewed the FAQ 's on the TT website . I Entered into chat with techsupport to explain my view that sending the disc to them and waiting for a return was unsatisfactory -LRB- postage fees notwithstanding . -RRB- They were so responsive , I 'm now leaving for Sam 's to swap it for TaxCut , much as I loathe Block !
 From all the reviews and technical analysis of this product , I am sad to say I will be returning my copy . I 've been an avid user of TurboTax for the past 6 years having purchased each and every copy I 've used . I do not appreciate the fact that this software actually writes to the boot sector of my hard drive and makes it so difficult to re-install . I have no choice but to pick up TaxCut to do this year 's return and PRAY everything from my last year 's TurboTax transfers over correctly . If the maker of TaxCut are smart , they will find some way to exploit this influx of new customers.This is a HUGE marketing blunder for Intuit ! I am re-evaluating all my future purchases from this company in the future .
 It overwrites information on the boot track that may be used if you have multiple OS 's installed . Never does it inform you that it 's installing the Macrovision C_Dilla DRM junk in the background.I will never buy Intuit software again .
 As I have for years , once again this year I took advantage of the TurboTax/Quicken rebate deal . I loaded both and did n't think much about it . I started having problems with my 3D graphics card -LRB- it was n't being recognized as having 3D acceleration all of a sudden -RRB- and it was n't until my friend Greg told me about this site and the spyware issue that I solved it . Last night I removed TurboTax and the spyware and guess what ? My new graphics card now works . I ran out and bought TaxCut AND Money today . Unfortunately the folks at Money are almost as stupid as the folks at TurboTax ; Money 2003 can not import from Quicken 2003 ... it must be opened in Quicken versions 2 through 6 or 98 or 99 and saved in that format first . -LRB- like I keep every piece of old software I upgrade from ! -RRB- So the jury 's still out on whether I 'll be rid of Intuit 's products forever , but given a choice ...
 I would n't have ever guessed that a ` respected ' company such as Intuit would do what they did to my machine . In order to use this product , you must be willing to let them put a stupid folder -LRB- C_Dilla -RRB- on your home drive , scribble the dickens out of your registry , register a service that runs whenever your computer boots and write on your boot sector . They ask that you turn off your virus detect before they do it , but they * do n't * say what they are going to do . Basically , Intuit installed their own * virus * on my machine.After installation , the software was unable to file the federal return electronically . I got popped with an Error 0045 , which can either be a formatting error or too many forms . Intuit , of course , maintains that it is too many forms -LRB- which , mysteriously , their software is unable to detect -RRB- , but the IRS says that it is a software bug involving record formatting.Service was a total run-around and it appears that they are going to charge me for the aborted file problem and I will have to file a written protest with some billing admin firm in Arizona . I 'm going to protest the charge with my credit card company instead.Do NOT - I repeat , do NOT buy this product . Intuit has lost all respect for their customers ...
 I have used TurboTax for many years and have been happy with the product . Not this year . I hated the ` tacky ' advertisements placed throughout the product . It takes long enough to do my taxes now , I should n't have to waste time saying ` no ' to an array of additional Intuit product offerings . Last year was easy with respect to the state program . The first state was free with TurboTax . Just download it . This year you have to pay for the state and then ask them for the money back . Was totally unable to register TurboTax . Every time I tried to register the product it kept telling me the server was down . I finally gave up . TurboTax could n't find last year 's return so I had to find it manually . Also , the tree structure is different from last year so I had to tailor my backup process to find this year 's files . Next year it 's Tax Cut for me . I 'd rather do the taxes manually than deal with this stuff .
 I 've used TurboTax for years . From now on , I 'm switching to a competing product like TaxCut . The installation worked fine , but I noticed it installed something else called CDilla by Macrovision . It has something to do with copy protection . Then I noticed that CDilla keeps running even after you shut down TurboTax . When I disabled it , it started up the next time I booted . I called to complain ; Intuit told me to remove the CDilla directory . DO NOT do this ! Now my computer wo n't boot and Intuit ca n't help me . I may have to reinstall Windows to use my computer again . It would be faster and easier if I 'd done my taxes by hand . TurboTax is good , but it 's not worth this much grief .
 I recently purchased a new computer and tried to move my copy of Turbo Tax 2002 over to my new computer and the software refused to activate . I can Intuit and the support staff told me to buy a new copy . This is not right . I would highly recommend steering very clear of this type of software . Intuit is starting to act just like the IRS , drain as much money out of someone as possible .
 `` Product Activation '' is a joke . ... Intuit is paranoid and slaps this `` anti-piracy '' feature on TurboTax so once installed on one computer that 's it . No backups . Customer service wont work unless you give your first born and your life story . Forget it . Do n't buy anything from ... Intuit !
 The title says it all.This is another case where they put their own greed in front of customer needs . This comment is not about the product itself . The product registration -LRB- or whatever they call it -RRB- makes it impossible for me to use . Brought it and returned it .
 I hate this new activation process from Intuit ... I will not allow any hidden software on my pc . I am returning this junk to the store . Bye-bye , Intuit ... Whatever advantages they had over TaxCut in the past are overshadowed by this stupid C-Dilla thing .
 I can NOT get this software to work because they have implemented some kind of new internet registration this year .
 I was a regular Turbo tax user , but no more . I ca n't stand activation and monitoring schemes . Therefore , as far as I 'm concerned , there is only one tax software on the market now , Taxcut . While I hardly condone software piracy , I have had it with product activation . It 's intrusive , aggravating , and flat-out insulting . I have had my problems with Office XP , such as being forced to call and answer probing questions after being refused Internet activation -LRB- a hosed antivirus install forced me to re-format and install Office twice in one day on the SAME computer , however the same day double install obviously alerted M$ monitoring goons -RRB- . Product activation on tax software is just wrong . It 's bad enough that you can only use the rubbish one time and it turns into a shiny coaster after April 15th . Now they 're forcing you to buy more licenses if you also want to complete a different tax return -LRB- as I frequently do for immediate family as a favor -RRB- . I do n't have to buy a license to borrow a cup of sugar or some bread from a neighbor and I 'd be mad as heck if the food makers tried to force me to . That 's my philosophy with software activation . They can scream about piracy all they want -LRB- although you can STILL obtain illegal bootleg software quite easily -RRB- but activation schemes like this are aimed squarely at the heart of the average consumer , to squeeze every drop of blood they can . I wo n't be victimized . If Taxcut starts this nonsense next year , it 'll be back to the accountant for me . Here 's a novel idea , why does n't the Government stop spending billions on overpriced hammers and bombers and produce a tax software program with all the capabilities of TT or Taxcut for free ? They could give it away like AOL does with it 's discs . I guess I should n't expect Uncle Sam to make it easier and cheaper for me to fork over my hard-earned loot to him .
 The product has n't improved enough to have to deal with the headaches of activiation . I 'm sending mine back under their money back if not satisfied policy . I 'll be switch to TaxCut .
 I have used TurboTax for years . However , I plan to never use this product again . They have unduely difficult activation procedures , and they secretly install the C-Dilla software to interfere with your ability to make legitimate copies of CDs on your computer . I understand their desire and need to contain piracy , but I do not condone their product installing software on my machine what may interfere with my legal and ethical use of my computer . You may want to look deeper into this issue before buying this product . If you do not , you were at least advised . My computer is contaminated until my taxes are completed .
 I 've been a happy customer of Intuit for over a decade , using both Quicken and TurboTax . I do n't strenuously object to their new activation policy -LRB- after all , I can understand them trying to defeat piracy -RRB- . But TurboTax 2002 has included the C-Dilla monitoring program from Macrovision to prevent unauthorized copying.C-Dilla is nothing more than malware - a program using your resources -LRB- memory , CPU -RRB- that does nothing but monitor you in hopes of defeating ` illegal ' activity like copying TurboTax . Even more disturbing , C-Dilla can not be removed , even if you uninstall TurboTax 2002 . I understand Intuit 's need to protect their revenue , but this was the wrong way to do it . C-Dilla is not ` spyware ' per se , but simply uses up resources and blocks unauthorized use without reporting back to headquarters.There has been some misinformation regarding TurboTax 's activation policy . By looking through the Intuit FAQ , you can find the most important point for potential buyers of TurboTax : `` If you reinstall TurboTax after October 15 , 2003 , you will not need to reactivate TurboTax even if you install TurboTax on a different computer `` This directly addresses using TurboTax at a much later time after you have new computers , perhaps for audits . I also understand that Intuit may provide a patch allowing the removal of C-Dilla if TurboTax is uninstalled . I 'll see if this happens , but for now , I suggest you purchase and use TaxCut to send a strong message to software providers .
 My PC is a Pentium 1 running at 166 Megahertz . Fast enough and powerful enough for virtually everything I run , and I do a lot of software development . The box is 7 years old and running strong . I bought Turbo Tax , as usual , in early December . Could n't get past the install/activation and their tech support was less then useless ... . Now just to do my taxes , Intuit wants me to buy a 200 + Megahertz processor just so they can find the processor 's serial number at the right address , just so they can be sure I do n't hand the CD off to someone who did n't spend the -LSB- money -RSB- to buy their own?And if you go to their site , getting the processor serial number -LRB- that they call a `` Request Code '' -RRB- is a problem for almost 50 % of the customers who have the desired configuration ! Intuit , Guess Again.Got Tax Cut and the world of Taxes is as good as it can get again . It 'll be a long time before I buy any Intuit product , if ever . They ca n't seem to see the dollars for the nickels and dimes.One last word
 Beware that you should do not clean up your Windows registry . It seems that if the registry setting of TurboTax 2001 are gone , you can not re-install last year 's TurboTax 2001 deluxe . I got a message `` The TurboTax Purchase Web site is no longer available . Please call 1-800-834-7501 and we will assist you over the phone . '' I do un-install and re-install software all the time . I am glad that I did not use e-file and still have hard copy of my tax return .
 My family & associates have been using TurboTax for years . Next year we shall move to other tax programs -LRB- like Taxcut -RRB- . I do not care for the idea of ... software scattered across my harddisk !
 The product does the normal decent job on your taxes , but it also makes Windows XP Pro unstable and also will not allow Roxio to install . I am a System Admin . Many of the users bought Turbo Tax and Roxio . Roxio will not work if you install Turbo Tax first . It loads into a sector of the disk that is extremely difficult to remove . Both the trial version and the retail do this . FYI the way to remove the `` worm '' is done by doing a low level format . Which is unforgivable .
 I thought I could live with the 1 pc limitation . Probably can , but the registration process is horrible ! I received my order confirmation and key code . Sunday afternoon , when trying to run the software , received an `` Invalid Order Number '' message - even after cutting/pasting from my confirmation email from Intuit . I then find out Customer Service is only open M-F , 8:00 - 8:00 ! I called the 800 number from work on Monday , and received the correct order number . I went to activate the program and found I had to call AGAIN ! Now I read about `` spyware '' . Unless this registration process is changed , this is my last year using Turbo Tax . I have used it for more than 10 years . What a shameful way to distribute software .
 This will be my last year in TurboTax . Along with the -LSB- C-dilla -RSB- and activiation issues -LRB- covered in other reviews -RRB- , the download and purchase process for the state return was difficult because of the way the software connected and the information given by the TT servers . Instead of just saying `` the servers are busy '' the program locked up my computer and froze my connection to the internet each time it failed.I am done with intuit.ants to steal software , who cares about the protection scheme ? Use it for a few days to do your taxes and delete it when you 're done .
 After reading most of the posted reviews -LRB- 200 + at last count -RRB- , here is what I would do if you received a free UNSOLICITED copy of a CD for TT from Intuit in the mail as I have as a past user .1 -RRB- Place CD in microwave oven on top of an empty coffee cup .2 -RRB- Set timer to 5 seconds ... and I do mean only 5 SECONDS .3 -RRB- Push start button and watch the fireworks .4 -RRB- Send the CD back to Intuit in the orginal FREE container .5 -RRB- Claim the CD SELF DESTRUCTED before you had a chance to install your `` Mission Impossible '' tax software.Needless to say , Ituit 's Turbo Tax software product this year is not for me and in the years to come because of their `` HIDDEN AGENDA '' with the required Macrovision/C-Dilla activation . I guess , I 'm just extremely frustrated with a software publisher that I believed in over the last 7 years and now is trying to pull a fast one without the customer 's knowledge.I would like to suggest TaxCut as an alternative although there are several other opitions out there as well . Hopefully , next year will not be such a pain as this year has been in determining what software to use ...
 Intuit has made a huge mistake by requiring activation and adding Safecast to TurboTax . Reinstalling this software on a different machine in the future should be allowed without having to call the company ... I have switched and will not buy software from Intuit again.Intuit - wake up . You just lost another customer .
 I 've been using TurboTax many years . Now this year will be the last . I already bought and installed it , then found out this activation stuff . Too late for me this year . I sent my complaint to Intuit .
 I purchased this item , but will be returning it as I am very much against the new activation mechanism that has been implemented in this version . This is just wrong . I hope they reconsider . Soon .
 You can activate turbotax only once . If it ever fails , in my case via feeding it a bad file , your program AND the tax data you entered recently is dead , DEAD , DEAD!Half a day 's phone chase -LRB- for which I have no time ! -RRB- , got the program reactivated via an Intuit rep in Phoenix . I will NEVER buy turbotax again.Taxact , not as convenient , has no such problems . have similar copy protection next year , does not have it yet .
 Intuit , the maker of TurboTax 2002 has betrayed you , and me , the average home user of their software . They 've betrayed our trust , my friend . Intuit has sneakingly snuck into their software , without telling you , a product activation feature , and a copy protection program . THIS IS SPYWARE . They vigorously deny that they have added spyware to their software . BULL . Spyware , in my definition is an EXTRA program that is installed when the program that you pay for is also installed . It is installed WITHOUT telling you , and without the option to not install it . And that is exactly what the company that we foolishly supported for so long has done . I strongly , vigorously urge all of you to NOT buy this program . H & R Block 's Tax Cut 2002 is as much so , if not more capable than turbo tax . Both will give you the SAME result , the maximum refund , or minimum taxes due . Tax Cut has an interface which is easier to navigate , and does all the same things , without the added bloatware/spyware . They ALLOW you to install it on multiple home computers . Let 's fight back against this ... ... Buy Tax Cut - it 's written by the real tax pros , and it does n't have the spyware .
 As an experienced network security professional and privacy advocate I do not believe nor tolerate corporate entities promising me that the information they collect or the software they are installing on my personal equipment is protected or that they are protecting their software from copying.Regardless of what they do or say they can not control the people buy it , use it , or their employees that have access to this data collected in `` their interest '' . I paid the money and I should be able to do what ever I will with the product . To hook the software so deeply into my OS to the point that I can not change any hardware or to prevent me to be able to make a perfectly legal `` backup copy '' is wrong .
 Although Intuit says that you can install it on different computers , it is pointless to do so . You ca n't open up any forms on a second computer . I would n't mind if the activation scheme worked the way they imply that it does , but sadly it does n't . I travel and have always worked on my taxes on my notebook as well as my home computer . Intuit implies that I can still do this as long as I print or efile from the original computer . This is pure BS . You can install it and go through the interview but that is all . Please do yourself a favor and buy another product .
 Been a loyal TT customer since 97 . Never had a single issue with Turbo Tax - great product ... Till this year . Tried to run the program and after installing , Vendor Error 8 - code 120 . After looking it up - discovered -LSB- program -RSB- resident in my system C-Dilla . The Solution on the TT website says to Stop/start the C dilla stuff . OMG - what were they thinking when they tried this - offered to refund my money - which they 'll have to since the program does n't work -LRB- XP/broadband/Firewall -RRB- . They also want me now to download the ` fixed ' ... version from them directly - I think not . I 'm shocked and saddened since I 'm a loyalist . TTax goes back to my local retailer tomorrow and I 'll have to try another competitor 's SW.I realise this has been stated in several different flavors on here , but I 'm a SW engineer , and if a program wo n't even run , let alone the fact that it 's -LSB- C-dilla -RSB- that 's what 's causing the problem - I 'd avoid this program like the plague .
 I have been using Turbo Tax for the past 5 years without many problems . This year is another story . I have been able to install and use the software , however , I have not been able to use the one click update option or the manual update option . I have spent about 5 hours talking to tech support on their chat line , re-installed the product 12 times -LRB- doing it different ways -RRB- , I even tried their limited dial up account to do the update and was not able to get it to work.Next year it is H&R Block Tax Cut for me .
 From purely functional and feature view , it was a good piece of software and get the job done nicely . However , with the forced installation of spyware and the activation requirement , I wo n't recommend it and probably wo n't be using it . It would be the last thing I would like for someone to monitor my tax return filing . Yes , it should be alright for someone but any spyware to monitor what i 'd done in my computer is not toleratable . I 'm really concerned and disappointed with Intuit for this decision of making an otherwise genuine piece of software into a lack-of-respect-to consumer ...
 Although I understand Intuits desire to protect their software I believe that putting a program permanently in memory is too much . Even after uninstalling TurboTax the C-Dilla stays behind consuming resources.Next year they claim that they are going with a less intrusive product activation . I 've used TurboTax for years and am so disappointed in this version that I will be purchasing TaxCut next year . It does n't matter what Intuit does next year . Witholding money is they only way software companies will understand how serious the consumers are about this.If you like TurboTax then try TaxCut next year . You 'll be doing yourself and Intuit a favor .
 I had bought TurboTax Deluxe 2002 and returned it because of activation issue . After many years of using TurboTax , I am not using it anymore.I clean up my Windows registry very often . I found that I can not re-install TurboTax Deluxe 2001 to review last year 's return . I am glad that I did not do electronic filing and still have hard copy ...
 I 've been using TurboTax and Quicken for several years , but between C-DILLA on TT and all the advertising within Quicken , I am reluctantly switching to TaxCut Deluxe and Money 2003 -LRB- there are some great deals around -- I got both for nearly nothing after rebates -RRB- . From what I understand , TT 's C-DILLA program remains installed and resident on your computer , using up approximately 1MB of ram and 4 threads , even when you are not using TurboTax . I do n't need parasites like this on my computer.You may be able to uninstall C-Dilla with the new Intuit patch , but then TT wo n't work and there 's some question as to whether C-Dilla is fully uninstalled.I 've liked Intuit 's products for years . I hope they clean up this mess .
 Everyone ! Do n't you know that Intuit/TurboTax folks are LAUGHING their heads off at everyone here ? Especially all of us who say `` We 're no longer going to buy TurboTax ! `` The attitude Intuit has shown over the years -LRB- I 've stopped buying Quicken since 99 and Quickbooks since 2000 -RRB- is this
 After using Turbo Tax for 13 years I 'm swicthing to taxcut next year . The products new activation feature will not let you prpare a return on one computer and print on another , not only is this a hassle but it also place spyware -LRB- without any warning -RRB- on your computer !!!
 ... While turbotax is a good tax program , the product activation scheme now makes this product a poor option for tax preparation .1 -RRB- Printing , emailing of the tax file , copying to a . pdf file for printing elsewhere , and seeing the actual IRS forms in the program are allowed from only one computer .2 -RRB- It can be installed on another computer , but the above features are disabled , making it less than useful for those who do their work at multiple work sites on different computers -- for example , doing information entry in one place , printing in another , emailing from a third . Many of use HAVE more than one computer , and this activation scheme is a violation of `` free use '' rights of software for an individual . It is as if you bought a book or CD that can only be read in one room of your house .3 -RRB- To enable the features listed in # 1 on another computer , another license fee must be paid , which is essentially the cost of the program .4 -RRB- If the computer on which you installed the full version is rplaccd , or has it hard drive replaced or reformated , you can not reinstall the program without -LSB- contacting Intuit for a new activation code -RSB- 5 -RRB- Contrary to rumor , the above is not time limited . If 3 years from now you are audited by IRS and want to reinstall the program on a new computer in order to print the tax again or review the tax entries , forms , or worksheets , it will not install without a -LSB- new activation code . -RSB- Again , it only installs fully on one computer -LSB- at a time . -RSB- 6 -RRB- The copy protections system -LRB- C_dilla -RRB- is installed without your knowledge , is not uninstalled when turbotax is uninstalled . It is difficult to uninstall by any means . It uses computer resources , and can interfere with proper functioning of cd burners in some instances.Other tax programs are available which compare very favorably to turbotax , without the imposed limitations described above .
 I very much regret having shelled out for this product . The activation scheme will make impede my filing of the return . I typically fill out my forms at home where I only have dial-in , and then file at work where I have high-speed . Now I 'll have to buy an additional copy , even though I only intend to use one at a time.Intuit management should think again before causing such great inconvenience to their customers . I 'll be using H&R block next year !
 After using Turbo Tax since the Commodore64 days I found the product & support to be totally unreliable . After buying 2 CD 's & trying their customer support I ended up downloading the 4868 form from the IRS so I could file an extension , since their was no way I could get this junk to load & not give me a runtime error before the post office cloed . As a small business owner I know that time is money & this has & will cost me plenty . Anyone interested in a class action suit?After reading the reviews here , I realize I was n't the only one having problems & will probably have to hire an outside computer service to clean up the mess this thing left on the computer . No more for me , in fact I 'm thinking about deleting ALL the annoying Quicken stuff too & start over with something that will actually work without all the hassles.HEY Intuit ... Activate THIS !
 I have used TurboTax happily since 1995 . This year changes to frowns . Product activation keeps me tied to my desktop PC . No roaming with the laptop . But the biggest issue is that it does not recognize that Quicken 2000 is installed on my PC , therefore will not let me import its data . Three attempts with 3 different on line chatters at Quicken ended with a recommendation to call the toll phone # , which is now closed . MS Money and TaxCut looking better and better . And I have tried so hard to stay away from the Dark Side ...
 I used the software version last year and this year did the online version . It has too many bugs . I accidently entered wrong data under tuition credits . It would not let me change my entry and the help section was not helpful . I finally manipulated the federal return but it had entered onto my state return and there was no way to correct or manipulate that . Then , after paying online for the product , it would not let me file electronically because it kept saying there was a tuition error to correct but WOULD N'T LET ME CORRECT IT ! I spent many frustrating hours with it , searching the ... help section and there is no way to contact anyone or get my money back . I should have stuck with TaxAct.com or tried Tax Cut .
 I am a long time TurboTax and Quicken user . I can not install spyware on my company machine , but I travel so much I ca n't use a personal machine for tax prep . Based on reviews here and in the electronic and print press I am not going to purchase any product from Intuit this year . I will grit my teeth and use TaxCut . Perhaps Intuit will get the message .
 I was just informed by Intuit chat technical support that when I upgrade my computer this spring , I will have to purchase an additional licence for TurboTax beyond the one I just bought , simply to re-open my tax return on my new computer.Additionally , the software installs a trojan , and who knows what that does ... This trojan C_DILLA , does not uninstall when you remove Turbotax , leaving the trojan in place . Intuit technical support was unwilling to share the procedure for complete removal of this trojan.I 've been using Intuit products since 1997 , both Turbotax and Quickbooks , and Intuit always has had a bad record with regards to this sort of thing . This is the last straw , and I will not be purchasing or upgrading Intuit products again . This one gets returned .
 I have nothing new to add to previous reviews . But ... I have used TurboTax since 1994 . I 've used Quicken since the 1991 DOS days for personal finances and Quickbooks for my small business since 1996 . I 'm unhappy with Intuit for charging me more than Quickbooks costs each year to figure payroll taxes -LRB- a 3rd grade math problem in my business -RRB- . Now they are hasseling me from the very start of the TurboTax installation with the `` activation '' that will require me to pay again for the program if I need to switch or upgrade my PC before I print my return . Additionally I do n't want C-Dilla secretly hiding on my PC . TaxCut must be loving this and I 'm sure next years TaxCut program will seamlessly accept your 2002 TurboTax floppie.Someone at Intuit handed H & R Block -LRB- Taxcut -RRB- the personal tax soiftware market for years to come . It wo n't be long before heads begin to roll at Intuit HQ in Mountain View .
 I have been a satisfied user of TurboTax for some years now , until this year . I installed and activated a copy of Turbotax Deluxe 2002 , which ran fine . A few days later I made a PowerQuest Drive Image of the drive and then reformatted it to do a trial installation of another OS . When I restored the original image to the drive this morning , TurboTax was no longer activated , and wanted me to buy another license ! After a loooong time with the support folks , they made a one-time exception and gave me a new activation code . But of course I can NEVER again use Disk Image or change my hard drive -- Sorry Intuit , you just lost a good customer for future years ... !
 Trust is something that is earned . For about the last 4 years I have been a loyal , trusting user of TurboTax . This year I am presented with a complicated activation scheme and the installation ... of the SafeCast/C-Dilla combination . Mr. Scott Gulbransen -LRB- Intuit/Macrovision -RRB- indicated that it was an oversight not to inform the user that the additional -LSB- program -RSB- was being installed ... . This is why I am purchasing TaxCut right after I press the submit button for this review . I also plan to make sure everyone at my company understands what they are in store for with TurboTax . So long Intuit.jr
 I 've been using TT since its inception a decade ago . Last year , I thought of switching to TaxCut , based on price and all the annoying ads from TT , but decided to go with TT out of loyalty . This year , same logic , but was very unpleasantly surprised to learn of -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- , even more ads , and especially the required registration and activation . You essentially can only install this software on one computer -LSB- at a time . -RSB- I used to enter data both at work during my free time , and at home , and I ca n't do it now . Removing the software is time consuming . The software interfered with the operation of the PC -LRB- I have Win2K -RRB- . It -LRB- the software -RRB- itself worked ok , but the same as the free TaxAct , which is downloadable for free -LRB- I have fairly complicated schedules A , B , and D -RRB- . Would not recommend TT to you ...
 I just visted -LRB- 10/2/03 -RRB- the turbo tax website to see for myself if Intuit had learned from their mistakes . They have n't . The spyware is still there for 2003 -LRB- just in a different form -RRB- and the nightmare activation process is still there with their excuses . I 'll be switching products this year after 9 years of loyal use . Good bye turbo tax !
 Despite a strong recommendation a few weeks ago in the Wall Street Journal to avoid TurboTax and switch to TaxCut this year , I stuck with TurboTax since I 've been a happy Intuit customer for several years.Never again will I use TurboTax . Not unless they make two critical changes back to the way things used to be :1 . Eliminate the new `` Activation Feature . '' Unless you only ever use one computer , this makes things a royal pain .2 . Enable saving of the state download . Apparently , I need to keep TurboTax '02 loaded on my computer if I ever want to use the state software again.This does n't even address the spyware . And all this from the single software company that has received by far the most of my money of any company out there , including Microsoft . Shameful.TaxCut '03 for me next year .
 I do n't care if Intuit wants me to activate their software . It 's a hassle but , in the end , it 's a nit.Nor do I care about being stopped every 5 minutes during TurboTax 's interview process so Intuit can try to sell me just one more tiny add-on/product/service , ... It 's annoying but , in the end , it 's the American way.What I DO care about is this SafeCast / C-Dilla garbage . Not only does it install without notice , it installs surreptitiously by installing into a hidden folder . Then , it runs as a system process which is automatically launched at start up independently of TurboTax . And it 's not uninstalled when TurboTax is uninstalled.The process uses `` only '' 1 MB of RAM . That 's not much , of course , until EVERY software vendor in the world decides to follow suit by using `` their own '' 1 MB of MY RAM . And when they do it without my knowledge or permission , ... ? I 've removed all Intuit software from my computer .
 Have to add another review if it will save a mac user from buying this product . I too am a long time user . I finished my return ok but got an error message saying it wont print my 1040 because a form is out of date and I needed to load updates . I did , took almost forever , but blindly went back to error check - same error message . Went to tech support , said I could get help for ... dollars - paying extra for a defective program . Finally found the chat room and got a live tech person . He told me to uninstall and reinstall turbotax and delete some windows files . I said I had a mac and got a reply that the the windows files would be on the mac under the same name . NO WAY . Asked again how I could fix this problem and was asked `` do I have any other problems '' ... . Well , that made me feel better , am now calling a tax pro .
 Writing the boot sector of a machine is dangerous business . You can trash it totally . The only software that should do it is the kind of low-level system utility that you expect to be a little risky . That some piddling tax software thinks it 's important enough to go messing with deep structures like that is offensive . Do n't buy this software . If it does n't wreck your machine today , it 'll wreck it the next time you try to install something the least bit sensitive . Switch to tax software that does n't think it 's a system utility .
 If I had known that Intuit was going to implement the product activation scheme in Turbo Tax I would have skipped it and bought Tax Cut . I do n't want to hear all the arguments about piracy -LRB- I 'm a legit TurboTax user for 10 years now and unless they do something to change this , I WILL network my thoughts to others -RRB- I know several at work that are about to buy their tax software and I 'm quite sure I 'll have an impact on what they buy.It is an insult that I should have to contact the company to allow a re-install on a new drive after a crash . I should be able to buy this program , install it and run it without having to use phone or internet - PERIOD . Microsoft did the same with their Windows XP and I 'll never own that either.Intuit - let me buy the software then leave me alone unless I need product support for what the package was designed to do .
 When I opened box , the `` Product Activation Key '' was blank . Apparently this is common - Intuit has it listed in their FAQ , and I 've read mention of this happening all over the web.Their solution -LRB- both through online chat and their FAQ -RRB- ? Mail it back -LRB- CD , case , and mail it with tracer -RRB- at my expense and they will send out another . Perhaps I 'll get one back in a week or so ? They wo n't activate it over the phone.This is completely unacceptable . Good bye Turbo Tax , I 'm getting a refund and buying another tax package .
 I have used Turbo tax for years and while I have been happy with the product in the past . I purchased taxcut this year due to the fact that Intuit had to go and put spyware into turbo tax this year . When are people going to learn that NOBODY wants programsinstalled onto their computer without their knowledge . I will notpurchase any program again from Intuit or ANY other company thatpiggy backs stealth programs onto my computer without my knowledge . Oh and yes I have read Intuit 's response that it 's notspyware ... sorry not buying it ... bad business move on your partas I do n't know of a single turbo tax user that is going to buy from you again .
 For this year Intuit does not support data importing from their own Quicken 2000 . From the Intuit web site . `` Import Quicken and QuickBooks data -LRB- 2001 or higher -RRB- with our Just-In-Time Import `` No only do you pay for TurboTax , but they try to force you to upgrade to a new version of Quicken if you are a user of Quicken 2000 or older . By the way , H&R Block Tax Cut does import Quicken 2000 data !! I tried it , and it worked.This is an unethical product tie . I bought Quicken 2000 two years ago in good faith .
 This software locked up my computer twice in the middle of working on my tax return . I ended up taking the program off my computer . Can not recommend !
 I 'd give this product zero stars if I could . Not only is their customer service worthless but the software comes included with spyware . The program worked until I removed the spyware then program was rendered useless . Went to tech support . They suggested I alter some ini files . Still did n't work . Uninstalled and reinstalled it -LRB- which put the spyware back on -RRB- . Still does n't work . Now I have to find some other PC to do my taxes on . I do n't know about you but not everyone has a second PC . I have used Turbo Tax for many years but this is the last !
 I have used TurboTax for years and have gone through several computers , so all versions may be asked to print someplace they did n't start out at . To blindside loyal customers with another way to make a dollar , Intuit is making a bad mistake . They may be using the same activation criteria as WindowsXP and OfficeXP , but I can live without TurboTax.From now on , I plan to go to Tax-cut . Shame on you INTUIT !!
 Thank god I did not install the program they sent me in the mail . This whole activation number thing is a pain and I do n't intend to purchase Turbotax 2002 . I also thoroughly dislike installing software that can not be totally uninstalled as my reading about C-dilla leads me to believe is the case.While I understand their concern about piracy , I also have the right to purchase the program that is the simplest for me to use and clearly from the information I 've received , Turbotax is no longer that program .
 Besides the anti-piracy policy , which is so much worse than anything I 've run into before , it did n't even fill out all of my forms correctly . Why would anyone buy this product if it ca n't fill out a Schedule SE automatically?When it filled out all of the tax forms for my home-based business -LRB- I file a 1040 , Schedule A , Schedule C , and Schedule SE -RRB- , it did n't even fill out the schedule SE correctly . I had to go in and override the values , which were n't filled in at all!This means that if I had relied on TurboTax and not known what I was doing , or not proofread it , it would have definitely triggered an audit , and I would have ended up with a delayed refund . The mistake was over a hundred dollars difference in my final refund.I just wanted to add this , because everyone else seems to have an issue with activation , and there are other problems with relying on this software .
 I am glad I read these reviews . I have been using TT for at least 8 years now . I love the program , but two years ago , as I was preparing for an audit , my system crashed . Luckily , I have always put TT on 2 systems for just this reason . I put the last saved copy in and was able to print it out in time for my audit . No way , I can give that up . I often work on my laptop while traveling or just in my `` quiet '' space in the house . Then I go to my office and grab the file off the network and print it . If I ca n't do that ... it 's worthless ! Guess I 'll have to check out Tax Cut ... Maybe buy some of their stock too and sell off my Intuit stock !
 I have used TurboTax for a number of years . I loved it . This year they decided to limit you to one PC . When I get my new PC , how am I supposed to open the tax files again ? In addition , they now require you to buy the state download which they will then rebate back to you . This is obviously just a scheme to make more money from the interest they earn on my money . It also requires me to spend two times the amount I normally do on tax software.Not a very good plan in my book . If it is like this next year , I will switch to a competitor . I do n't know who made these decisions , but they definitely did not put customer service first .
 I have used this program for years and years . Never again . Why ? 1 . The program requires activation which I have no problem with . However the SLIGHTEST change to your computer , add or remove 1 single piece of hardware , repartion a drive etc. and the program ceases to work and requires a call to Intuit . In many cases you have to have a new CD sent to you .2 . The program install a piece of software called C-Dilla without asking you . This program does NOT uninstall when you uninstall TurboTax and basically requires a low-level format of your hard drive to remove . The C-Dilla program causes your CD-RW drive to slow down when it is in use , even when the TurboTax program is uninstalled ... forever until your reformat ! 3 . The program cheat fair use because I like many use my laptop on the road and my desktop at home to complete my return . This is impossible now.I am all for Intuit doing what it can to preserve the fair use of its software . However installing hidden software I ca n't remove that harms my system performance , and rendering my paid sofware impossible to use if I make a slight change to my system , and finally preventing me from having the convience of working on my return on the road ... it is just to much to bear!I switched to TaxCut 2002 and the program is just as good as TurboTax 2002 in terms of tax performance . In 2003 the only way TurboTax will lure me back is if the program is superior in performance to TaxCut , removes all activation systems , and finally lowers its cost to match that of TaxCut which is cheaper .
 I will not buy Intuit 's TurboTax software again . The activation limitation on printing to one computer -LSB- is n't very good -RSB- . Intuit will not get my additional money for a second license . I am a five-year user but will not return . Am changing to TaxCut . ... James S. Moore , Ph.D. ,
 Intuit has decided to include product activation features and -LSB- C-dilla -RSB- in the newest Turbotax edition . Neither are evident on the packaging so BEWARE . The competitive products are just that competitive . But they have the bonus features of lower price and NO product activation or spyware features years I 've had to re-install TurboTax a number of times for various reasons
 Intuit has broken it 's customer trust by adding stealth software that silently runs on a PC , consuming resources , all in the name of ` copy protection ' . I 'll have nothing to do with that .
 This is probably the 10th year I have used Turbo Tax , and I have been very disappointed this year . I do n't think I will ever buy this product again.First of all , after spending hours preparing my taxes , Intuit insisted I get an online update - but they had a bug in the software that destroyed the file ! Trying to get help is a joke - customer service was impossible to reach , the instructions they posted on-line to correct the problem were impossible for a lay person to understand , and as a final insult , even the online feedback form did n't work!Secondly , their help section seems to shrink every year while their efforts to `` upsell '' additional items has grown . There were several sections where there was NO help on a particular question in this year 's version . These were basic questions - my tax return is not complicated . Intuit has become more and more obsessed with finding ways to make me pay more for their service . This year , the final straw was when I wanted info on small business exemptions . This information was included in previous versions - now it is -LSB- $ -RSB- more dollars ! They made this section as information free as possible , simply to upsell me the answers . I think a reasonable person assumes that information is included in the program and an ethical organization does not pretend to sell you a complete product for one price , knowing that you will have to pay more to get full answers later on.This is not the only thing they tried to sell me . They also try to sell everything from Quicken , live tax advice -LRB- -LSB- $ -RSB- -RRB- , IRA advice , Internet service providers . It 's out of control.My long-time loyalty has finally waned , and I will be examining other products next year . I 've heard good things about Tax Cut and will give it a try .
 Notwithstanding the Intuit rep 's assertion -LRB- reported in ExtremeTech -RRB- * that returns can be prepared on multiple machines -LRB- just not printed or efiled on multiple machines -RRB- it appears from both the license agreement ** and information provided by an Intuit rep in their TurboTax Chat , that you can not prepare your return using the forms method on a second unactivated machine -LRB- apparently the interview method does work -RRB- . This makes the ability to prepare -LRB- if not print and efile -RRB- on a second machine useless to me and anyone else who uses the form method . * As reported in ExtremeTech at ... : `` According to Gulbransen -LSB- director of corporate communications for Intuit -RSB- , Intuit 's TurboTax 2002 will only allow taxes to be filed or printed from a single machine . However , the software may be installed on numerous PCs , and files may be saved and copied from one machine to another . `` What this means is that you can prepare your taxes on your laptop , for example , and then file them from your home computer , '' Gulbransen said . '' ** Pertinent part of TurboTax License
 I 've used the online verison of TurboTax for a few years , but this year thought I 'd move to the software version . Now I will not.Installing a secret program that monitors your computer use is bizarrely unethical and anti-customer , from a company that 's spent * years * working to produce a program that makes the torturous process of taxes easier for most people.That said , I 've found almost every version of TT I 've used , online and off , to be of high quality , helpful , and useful . It staggers the imagination that Intuit has done something so * wrong * that long time customers with few other options are still willing to give up on the product .
 Problem with all Intuit products is that their support is both inert and inept . They also fail to tell you that the files necessary to make the `` product '' complete -LSB- such as additional states -RSB- must be bought from Inuit and is expensive .
 This year , Intuit has gone too far . They have added a copy protection scheme -LRB- c-dilla -RRB- to Turbo Tax that installs on your computing , running all the time and consuming 1MB of memory . The product includes a product activation similar to that of Windows XP.They do not inform the user anywhere in the manuals , or the installation process that such intrusion will take place . Your system will be infected by this malware without you knowing . I found about it by searching `` turbo tax activation on google '' . Next year , buy H&R ; Block 's TAXCUT !! If you have already installed the product , verify this by pressing CTRL+ALT+DEL then choose Task Manager . If C-Dilla is installed , CdaC11BA or similar will be present in the task list.Let 's make some noise so we can let Intuit know IT IS NOT OK TO MESS WITH PAYING CUSTOMERS !
 I have been a Turbotax customer since 1988 . Since there are substantial advantages -LRB- a familiar interface , easy year-to-year transfers , convenient viewing of historical data , etc. -RRB- to using the same product year after year , I 've never considered another product , although I believe that any of the top-rated tax software products would probably work fine for me.However , the new product activation feature in Turbotax 2002 Deluxe has motiviated me to switch to one of their competitors -LRB- I wo n't name my choice since I do n't want this review to be viewed as a promotion of another product -RRB- . I keep Turbotax and my tax returns on my computer for seven years . Unfortunately , I seldom keep the same computer for that lengthy period and I do not want the hassle of trying to contact Intuit for a new activation code every time I change computers -LRB- usually about every two years -RRB- . Past experience with their technical support line supports my judgement that obtaining a new code will not be a painless task.It is sad that Intuit has lost a loyal customer in their effort to squeeze a few more dollars from their customer base.I was considering purchase of Intuit 's Quicken software but am having second thoughts since it is probably only a matter of time until that product also requires a product activation code . The cost of learning new software and later abandoning it is just too costly .
 I have used Intuit products since the DOS days . I also have had hard drives crash before and lost everything . So now I backup my entire hard disk to a second drive using Norton Ghost . Everthing -LRB- except TurboTax 02 -RRB- works fine doing this , even Windows XP . When I try and use my backup image , TurboTax comes up with an activation required screen . Maybe -LRB- if I am lucky -RRB- they will give me a new activation code if this happens before April 15 . But I have all my Tax SW installed on my PC back to 1990 . I am sure that in a year or more there is NO WAY they will give me a new activation code if my HD crashes . FYI , this also applies to simply upgrading to a larger HD , which I also do every couple of years . I dont mind having to activate the SW -LRB- like Windows XP -RRB- to prevent piracy , but REALLY hate what Intuit has done .
 After using TurboTax for the past 6 years , I confidently installed it on my Windows 2000 machine , expecting the same comfortable interface I 'd grown to , well , like . I was quite surprised when I received a popup stating that critical Windows 2000 files had been modified , and that I needed to restore them from my Win 2K installation disk ! I dutifully did so , and then finished with the TurboTax installation.I was disturbed to find 3 URL shortcut icons on my desktop , which I had n't requested , each marketing some service that somebody thought I needed to know about . They were wrong and , in my estimation by so doing , arrogant , so I spent some time deleting them and their associated files and icons - a bad start , but just a taste of what was to come.I then attempted the magic of the `` One Step Update '' , which -LRB- you 'll see -RRB- was n't and which did n't . So , I traveled to their website for the manual download . I then attempted to follow the update instructions which , like the initial instructions for Windows 2000 , could not be followed as written . I tried anyway , and upon launching TurboTax , was pleased to discover that it had detected the existence of the update file and politely asked if I 'd like to apply it . I answered a polite `` Yes '' , and watched as it failed in its task , giving a cryptic message which prompted another trip to the web site.I discovered that the web site 's translation of the cryptic error message was of no value in resolving the problem , so I launched the `` Live Chat '' option . I 'd have preferred the `` Live Tech Rep '' option , but that privilege is reserved for those with ... -LSB- money -RSB- to spare for each call ; not wanting to throw good money after bad , I connected with `` E '' , the Live Chat entity . I described my travails to `` E '' , who disappeared -LRB- dis-something , anyway - never really saw anything of him but characters -RRB- . After a brief -LRB- actually the briefest of -RRB- conversations in which I think I failed to adequately convey my plight , he recommended the industry-standard `` uninstall and reinstall '' , the first tactic taught in Tech Support 101 and one which automatically presumes all customers are novices and have n't a clue.In the process of following those `` instructions '' to effectively disprove its validity , I discovered the heretofore unknown background C-Dilla installation , which took another half hour of research and downloading and run time to get rid of . By this time , I 'd had enough ... The end result ? I 'm switching to TaxCut . This is certainly not what I 've come to expect from Intuit , and I 'd heartily recommend that you avoid this product like the West Nile virus .
 Turbo Tax has indeed become one of the nightmare products of the year . Their tech support is , well , it is n't . There simply is n't any . No phone number , very weak knowledge base , no email to send to - all they appear interested in is selling lots of their product . They have Chat support , which , so far has never responded to me . Here is , verbatim , the cheery messges you will see while you sit wondering what to do this tax year : `` Please wait while we find an agent to assist you ... All agents are currently busy . Please stand by.An agent will be with you in a moment . Thank you for your patience.The next available Agent will be with you in a moment.All agents are currently busy . Please stand by.An agent will be with you in a moment . Thank you for your patience.The next available Agent will be with you in a moment ... Please wait while we find an agent to assist you ... All agents are currently busy . Please stand by.An agent will be with you in a moment . Thank you for your patience.The next available Agent will be with you in a moment.All agents are currently busy . Please stand by.An agent will be with you in a moment . Thank you for your patience.The next available Agent will be with you in a moment.All agents are currently busy . Please stand by.Currently experiencing network delays , one moment please ... Your session has ended . You may now close this window . `` I never have reached a support person . The above message is all I get . Do n't waste your time and money !! I can not even get a copy of last years return which is now critical as TurboTax appears never to have sent in my State return . You are far better off filing a return by hand or with using a competing product .
 After loading TT 2002 , I was unable to burn CD 's . My software would start , but would never be able to successfully start the write process to the CD . I 'm running Win2K on a 1 year old DELL computer , with 1yr old HP internal CD burner , and Easy CD creater 5 . I 've never had problems with this before . After uninstalling TurboTax and using the SafeCast uninstaller , guess what ???? STILL CA N'T BURN CD 's . Funny , Intuit claims that it has no knowledge of any problems with cd burners and then , on the Intuit web site , claims to `` not be able to duplicate '' the cd burner problems that it does n't know about . HMMMMMMMMM ... Needless to say , I wo n't be buying any Intuit products again .
 After over 10 years of using Turbo Tax I 'm switching . I tried to activate the program and it would n't activate on my system . After working with TT tech support and customer service for 2 and an half days my resolution from Intuit is to send the product back for a refund and try again with a new CD . No thanks ! My time may not be worth much to Intuit , and I do n't have billable hours like some lawyer , but I am not even going to chance wasting so much time to get a product to work . Intuit is compiling a horrendous list of dissatisified customers because of the terribly poor implementation of the activation portion of this product according to research I 've done . I do n't mind the philosophy behind the activation so much as the poor implementation . Hello TaxCut .
 Does n't correctly determine refund if you overpaid social security tax -LRB- such as when you change jobs during the year -RRB- . The other option -LRB- tax cut -RRB- is junk ... Last time I tried it in 2001 , it coul n't properly handle an IRA Roth conversion combined with a withdrawl for first time home buying . Had to buy Turbo Tax which handled the problem correctly .
 It looks as though some Intuit employees may be stuffing the ballot box.You do n't have to be a software pirate to be concerned about screwball licensing schemes . Maybe you can uninstall the license daemon if you read the instructions , but I believe the people who have had some difficulty doing so . In my experience , if you have a computer system that is configured differently than those upon which an uninstaller is tested , it may behave in a wildly different fashion than the designers expect.This means it may work well if you have a fairly standard system , but do n't discount the feedback from those for whom it did n't . In my opinion , it is absolutely ludicrous for a software product to
 I refuse to be a slave to the stupid registration `` stuff '' and police-ware that comes free with this year 's version of Turbo Tax . I have switched to Tax Cut and I hope everyone else does too . I would only consider using Turbo Tax again if they completely removed all the spy ware and registration restrictions .
 I will not install my purchased copy of Turbotax until there 's a way to run it without safecast , which installs a low level driver that chews up memory even when I do n't run Turbotax . If I had not already opened my copy of Turbotax , I would return it .
 I too will be switching to Tax Cut this year . Call it what you want , but any program which is uninstalled without my consent , and covertly monitors certain aspects of my computer is spyware .
 Come on Amazon - there are times when 1 star is too high a rating and this is one of those times . I have been * purchasing * TurboTax for many years but will NEVER purchase another Intuit product . I will never trust the most intimate financial information I have to a company that automatically assumes I 'm a thief . I 've already purchased TaxCut and will be migrating my banking information to MS Money within the next few weeks . It makes no difference if Intuit removes activation and the C-Dilla -LSB- program -RSB- from their software - they CAN NOT be trusted !
 Please do n't buy this . The Macrovision C-Dilla is extremely difficult to remove , and Intuit 's customer support is non-existant in this regard . Before I installed it , I checked out their website , which has no useful information on removing C-Dilla . And good luck trying to call and talk to a real human being ! Intuit has ruined what used to be a wonderful product . TaxCut for me , this year .
 The ironic twist in all of this is that somebody will undoubtedly crack the activation scheme . So the warez monkeys will still steal it , but legitimate users , who shell out hard earned cash for it , get digitally violated -LRB- without even a kiss first -RRB- . You obviously do n't think much of me as a customer , so now I no longer think of you ... at all .
 Bought Turbo Tax 3rd year in row and installed it . Installed fine with no problems . Several days later I tried to back up my data files to a CDRW , like I do every week , and the drive would just lock up . At the time I did n't think of Turbo Tax being the problem . I ended up buying a new drive and had the same problem . That 's when I came across a web site talking about the C-dilla copy protection used on Turbo Tax . I uninstalled Turbo Tax , and then used the Macrovision SafeCast -LRB- C-Dilla -RRB- components uninstall program from Intuit 's web site . You have to do this since simply uninstalling the Turbo Tax program DOES NOT remove the protection it had originally installed . As soon as I did this , my CDRW worked fine . Same with the old one . Intuit , where do I send a bill for the time and money I wasted because of your software ?
 Each year I buy Intuit 's TurboTax at the local Costco . The years before that I 'd always buy Intuit 's MacInTax -LRB- direct from Intuit -RRB- . But , no longer . As a consumer there are many choices available to me . I enjoy recognizing my ability to choose and simply have zero tolerance and no patience for companies that demonstrate a shocking level of cluelessness as Intuit . Given the number of choices , it 's simple for me to write Intuit off for the smallest of infractions . There latest fiasco , however , is a big infraction . Incidentally ... I 'm a stubborn jerk about these things . Once I reject a company , I never forgive and give them a second chance . It does not matter to me if Intuit reverses their position and decides to become reasonable in the future ... I 'm through with them . Period.Macrovision Safecast follows the partition map of your hard drive and finds an otherwised unused low-level portion on which to write it 's data . This means that if you reformat your HD the software will remain . Unless you do a low-level format that deals with all sectors , not only those in the partition map . It also means that you will likely have difficulty using various boot loaders , such as System Commander . Safecast * is * defeatable . It * is * annoying . It * is * problematic . But , who cares ? Like I said ; given the choices ... there 's no reason to bother worrying about it . Simply turn your back on Intuit and never look back . Problem solved.One person here reviewed TT with 5-stars claiming that the concerns are only being levied by people with foul illegal intentions and that there is a way to backup your return despite the Safecast issue . He/she is wrong . First off , if I were to use TT it should be as insignificant an event as if I used Notepad.exe . That is - if I were to use Intuit software there is no reason for them to know that I exist . In the past I always paid , and I never `` shared '' . Although I understand their concern ... I do n't care . Not my problem . Do n't make it my problem . Secondly , there is no reasonable backup allowed by the software . Experts have always suggested that you keep all your records and returns forever . There is no time limitation for facing an audit . Intuit would expand this advice such that you should also keep your old PC forever and hope that it continues working forever . Because , only then would you be able to make use of the return stored on it . I do n't mean `` paper copy '' or `` text file copy '' . I mean , actual return as stored in Intuit 's proprietary format on your hard drive such that you would then be able to amend the return using the software . Almost every year in the past few years I 've needed to move my return from one PC to a new PC , or from my laptop to my desktop , etc. . I would no longer be able to . If I ca n't use the software to review my return at some future time because I 've upgraded a hard drive ... and then I must resort to reviewing my paper print out that I saved ... then why would I need the software in the first place ? If I 'm forced to using paper then I can just get the forms free at the Post Office and stick with paper.So , in the end ... Goodbye Intuit . I 'll never use any product you offer again . I simply do n't need to bother . I will simply choose otherwise .
 I 've used Turbo Tax for many years but this year , for what ever reason , the product is a nightmare ! Difficult to install , difficult to register , customer service is a joke ! Stay away from this !
 Previous reviews have hit this one squarely on the head . Intuit 's new licensing for TurboTax 2002 makes it difficult to use for many people . I refused to accept the license agreement , so at least it -LRB- apparently -RRB- did n't install the c-dilla stuff . This is one piece of software I 've purchased every year since ' 97 , but unless they reverse themselves on this policy , I 'll have to switch to another tax product AND use something other than Quicken -LRB- as it does n't export data to a format that can be used by other tax programs -RRB- . The best thing I can say about the product is that Intuit seems to have made special arrangements with vendors to allow people to return this software .
 If you ... read the FAQ on the product activation , it makes clear that you ca n't do exactly what most people do -- prepare their tax return on one computer , perhaps a laptop , and then install the program briefly on a computer with a good printer solely for filing purposes . Often , the second computer is one on which you either can not or are totally unwilling to leave your information for any extended period . The first computer is the workhorse ; the second critical only for printing . Turbotax 's new activation feature makes this more or less impossible.The precise language is
 Well this has got to be the worst experience ever ! The software is only allowed to be used from one machine , you can not isntall and print on another . On top of that , this software has spyware that installs onto your system , which runs all the time !! Search the net for CDILLA , which is the supposed copy protection software that gets installed with turbo tax . I can not copy cds anymore , the spyware gets installed on a section of the hard drive that could make your pc unstable ! - I hope this post wont get edited - I am a professional in the industry and can prove my remarks . There have been several articles published by well - known web sites on this privacy issue .
 I have been a TurboTax and Quicken supporter for many many years -LRB- since Quicken for DOS -RRB- . This year I had huge problems with it and I will never buy another product from Intuit.Being a long-time Intuit customer , I received my copy of TurboTax in the mail , directly from Intuit . I had not requested it , but it was sent to me as part of a new marketing campagin . During install , the software warned me that I must activate the product before using it , and that I would be able to install it on as many machines as I wanted , but that I would only be able to file and print from the first machine.I was a little annoyed , but figured it was to help keep piracy -LRB- and the cost of future versions -RRB- down . I figured I would activate the product on my desktop PC , because I would ultimately file from that PC , but I would do most of my work on my laptop . After activating the product on my desktop PC , and attempting -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to install it on my laptop , I called tech support.After more than 2 hours with tech support -LRB- 20 minutes on hold just to start things off -RRB- and talking with 4 different support engineers -LRB- 3 of them `` supervisors '' -RRB- ... I was told that the version of TurboTax that I had could only be installed on a single machine , despite the fact that the software itself told me I would be able to install it on multiple machines.Then I found out my desktop machine would not reboot . I did n't even suspect TurboTax had done it until I began doing some investigation into the C_DILLA activation software . Apparently C_DILLA writes some configuration information in a reserved area of the hard disk partition table . This turned out to be a very bad thing , since I use a custom boot loader that also depends on information written there . To make it worse , after re-installing my boot loader -LRB- so I could get back into Windows -RRB- , the TurboTax guys tell me that I need to re-activate my software for another $ $ $ ! Even though it is the same machine!I skipped the part about C_DILLA monitoring my every move -LRB- even when TurboTax is n't running ... EVEN AFTER TURBOTAX IS UNINSTALLED !!! -RRB- and reporting it back to some server on the internet . Luckily for me , my firewall blocked the traffic . Intuit claims that it is n't `` spyware '' because the information it gathers and reports is not `` personally identifiable '' . Personally , anything that monitors and reports my activities is definitely spyware.I can not in good faith reccomend anyone ever use another Intuit product . The company needs to learn a big lesson on this one . Pass the word on . Friends do n't let friends run TurboTax !
 10 . TurboTax installs a trojan that will not be completely removed from your hard drive by the normal TT uninstall . SafeCast writes to an area of the hard drive not typically used by Windows . Formatting your drive will not even completely get rid of it ! Which , I suppose , is good ... because TURBOTAX WO N'T RUN unless the trojan -LRB- CTSVCCDA.EXE / CDAC11BA.EXE -RRB- is running . That 's right ; you ca n't remove the trojan without disabling TT . If you think you removed it , but TT still runs , you have n't removed it ; check out the programs running on your computer and you 'll find CDAC11BA.EXE .9 . TT support on this subject has been slow to react and , if you want to talk to a human , costly . It took Intuit 's support a month of customer complaints before they even acknowledged an issue . Intuit 's support staff told me I could remove SafeCast without harming TurboTax ; good thing I did n't . Want to talk with an Intuit rep over the phone ? Be prepared to whip your credit card out . Check out the prices for Intuit 's phone support . Nope , it 's not free -- far from it . And plenty of stories on the net say that once you get through , you get the same stock answers that appear on Intuit 's web site .8 . Uninstallers packaged with TT likely do n't do the whole job . TT now comes with three uninstallers . The first , and most obvious , uninstalls TT without touching SafeCast . The second is the SafeCast uninstaller accessible from the Add/Remove programs dialog , and it does n't do the trick . The third is the recently crafted SafeCast uninstaller , available on Intuit 's web site . Internet reviews have n't yet indicated that this third uninstaller removes all traces of SafeCast . I 'm doubtful . If a disk format wo n't completely remove SafeCast , why would Intuit 's uninstaller ? It 's possible ; I just do n't think it 's likely .7 . Intuit maintained its infallibility on this topic , and still does ! Check out the TurboTax support site 's product activation propeganda . All the while that customers are making complaints about SafeCast , Intuit insists there is no issue . I think they still do n't get it , or at least they claim not to . What software issue will Intuit deny next ? 6 . Less focus on the customer than on making a buck . Did they think customers would n't notice these extra processes eating CPU , disk , and RAM , even when TT was n't running ? Why did n't they spend their time developing something we could use ? Does Intuit really think I want shortcuts to ads on my desktop ? 5 . Removing the trojan would have likely been easy ... but Intuit wo n't budge . Macrovision 's SafeCast propeganda site shows how simple it is to add a SafeCast wrapper around a program . I 'll bet -LRB- I have no proof -RRB- that Intuit could have distributed a patch that simply refrained from adding the SafeCast wrapper , thus ending this grief . At most , assuming a good design , they 'd have to fix one chunk of code . But Intuit wo n't back off ; they 're more interested in making a buck .4 If TurboTax stays # 1 , this bullying is here to stay . Even a huge backlash is hardly enough to budge Intuit on this issue . What 's to say they wo n't find still worse ways to eat resources on our boxes next year ? Maybe they 'll deny that some other problem exists . Maybe the bullying spreads to other Intuit products . They 've lost my trust on their software ; why should I trust them to handle * my taxes * ? 3 . Users ca n't reasonably use a single TurboTax license to edit taxes on two PCs . Well , Intuit says you can ... as long as you do n't need to directly edit the tax forms . This is impractical for many users , especially for state taxes where the software is n't as robust . Oh , and as long as you do n't need to print from both PCs . Geez , that could have been made a little more clear at install time . A big , pretty box clearly saying so would have been nice -- one at least as big and pretty as the advertising TT displays for complementary products .2 . There are CD burner disability rumors on various sites discussing this year 's TT . Both Intuit nor Macrovision are saying -LRB- on their respective web sites -RRB- that these are false rumors . Could be ; I have n't had a problem with my CD burner . But who has more to gain , Intuit or Joe Consumer ? I 'll bet that time will show these rumors to be true for some hardware .1 . And the number one reason to avoid TurboTax this year
 I 've used TurboTax for nine years and been delighted with it ... Until today . While attempting to install TurboTax on my perfectly ordinary Windows 98 machine , I was confronted with the error popup , `` Vendor Error 8 , Tracking Code 120 '' . This apparently happens often enough that is rates a FAQ off the Turbotax page , and the suggested solutions after verifying that I 'm using MS-DOS compatibility mode -LRB- I am -RRB- are 1 -RRB- Install Turbotax on different computer , or 2 -RRB- Return my Turbotax for a refund and use their web-based product.I think I 'll return my Turbotax for a refund and use Tax Cut instead .
 Enjoyed this program last year but have been quite unhappy this year . It is almost impossible to contact Turbotax re problems.We never were able to get the program to work on a second computer.Rebate for State Program , filed in January 2003 , was rejected in February 2003 with a form which states it was filed after the May 2003 deadline . Refiling has been ignored.Wait for customer service on phone is over 30 minutes . I was unable to get through the many menus to make contact on Internet . There seems no way to send them an e-mail . I have about decided to file my return by snail mail rather than get further involved with TurboTax .
 Do n't make the same mistake I did - I unfortunately bought this program before I found out about the ridiculous activation routine and background applications it installs ...
 This year TurboTax includes a new `` feature ''
 Okay , I think this is one nail in the coffin of TurboTax 's death . Not only are there many other competitors offering a web version for a lot less , but they also include e-filing for free.I installed it on my computer at home and then on my laptop , hoping to do my taxes on the road . Needless to say , I gave up , threw the thing away and swore never to buy this product again ! And incidentally , you spys at TurboTax , I do n't condone piracy . If anyone is the pirate , its them . Installing spyware on your machine and disguising it as a licensing mechanism . Macrovision are also the same crooks who -LRB- besides making this spyware -RRB- , have their chips on DVD players that help region blocking .
 This year 's Turbo Tax has an annoying anti-piracy lock that wo n't let you print if you install it on more than one PC , so even if you want to buy it after reading the revealing reviews here , be sure to buy a fresh , factory-sealed copy , not an open package !
 Intuit has raked in enough cash the last 10 years to fill a fleet of tankers . The product activation is yet another scheme among the software giants keep a monopoly . Use the old fashion method and mail in the forms . Then take a walk outside and get some air .
 To make this short and sweet , I have had all the problems the other users had as well , and then when I was invoiced for my `` online '' purchase I saw that they even added tax on to the bill . What cheapskates ! I 'd buy stock in whatever company owns TaxCut because next year there 's going to be a mass tax software exodus !
 The copy protection is a step far away from ease of use and longer term raises real concerns over being able to access your tax records a few months or years from present when you 've upgraded your PC . Detail review of what Intuit has actually done -- `` TurboTax Test Results Uncover Real Problems ''
 I only bought this one because I did n't want to learn a new product and possibly not being able import prior years ' tax returns . My original order had n't arrived at the end of January so I contacted Intuit through their preferred method
 I bought TurboTax Deluxe -LRB- vs. the regular product -RRB- because it came with a `` free '' state tax download . Actually , you need to first buy the state product and then file for a rebate of the purchase price , after jumping through all sorts of hoops and a mound of paperwork . I have long since thrown away the box that the product came in , so guess what
 Let me first say I have happily used TurboTax for many years . This year we purchased TurboTax deluxe -LRB- for tax year 2002 -RRB- . Many , many hours later and following a number of frustrating calls to their tech support and visits to turbotaxsupport.com we still can not get this program installed ! My wife formerly worked with computers for a living so I am confident the problem is not on our end . Techsupport told us this is a fairly common problem and there were instructions available on their website . Well , these instructions are 3 pages long and require that you uninstall or disable other programs such as virus protection first ! If I could have rated this product 0 stars I would have . Unfortunately , it was n't one of the options .
 I guess I 'll be waiting til after tax season for the download copy . working overseas I 've bought the download version over the net for the past five years , but Intuit does n't want to support it this year . Forcing users to use the WebVersion which is terrible slow with out limited bandwidth here in Asia . I agree with the other reviews here Intuit customer support needs some serious CRM lessons . I contacted their customer support and was told that the poduct was ready for download but was n't given a link to it , and when I asked for the phone number I was told they only have 800-numbers . Try dialing that from China !!
 turbo tax double bills ... is almost impossible to call ... if you crash or want to use 2 computers , you are out of luckcustomer service is arrogant and unhelpfuland virtually impossible to talk toafter over 10 years of using this product , I am ready to look for something else next year
 I 've been using TT for the past three tax years , immediately downloaded this year 's version in January , and folks here are right , there was no pre-warning that you ca n't use it on two computers until you have already paid for it . I 'm not a software cheat , I simply had a new computer arriving that week and now I 'm in a bind for no reason.This is tax return form stuff with if/then statements , not proprietary , complicated application code that you ca n't get anywhere else.HR Block is comparable to TT , compatible with past tax years done on TT , cheaper , and not worth this headache.Bottom line
 After using Turbotax for the past 5 years , I will switch to Tax Cut next year . Not only did Intuit implement the well-publicized covert `` security '' measure , but this product is buggy . I 've had significant technical problems , especially with the `` export to PDF '' feature , which I ca n't make work at all , even with the help of Intuit 's technical support .
 I 've used TurboTax for 4 years . This year I was getting ready to buy it again . Came to amazon to check price and began reading the reviews . Boy did they scare me . I decided not to take the chance and checked into TaxCut . Boy I 'm glad I did . Just loaded it and began using . Spent about 2 hours and finished 75 % of my taxes . I was worried it would take me forever . The sofware loaded on my W98 great . Imported last years TT fine . Updates over cable modem went without a hitch . It did freeze once in the middle of adding a capital gain -LRB- actually a loss -RRB- . Restarted , went back to the form and it had saved all entries up to the crash . I love it . Better than TurboTax . It seems like the interview is more thorough . Glad they forced me to change !
 I have been a loyal TurboTax user for several years . Steer way clear of Turbo Tax 2002 . The activiation process can be a nightmare , and support is of no help . I purchased my 2002 edition in early January , and proceeded to install it . However , the nightmare began when I got a new computer , and tried to reinstall Turbo Tax -- the product activation would not work . I placed several calls to support , and all ended with the same answer -- I must purchase another license to use the product on another computer . This product activation is dubious at best . The product ties itself to one computer and that is it . Am I supposed to keep the same computer for three years in case of an audit ? and buy another license ? I have n't used the one I bought . I will be pressing for a refund , and moving on to a competitor 's product . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 I 've used TurboTax for the last three years , and it was fine ... this year , with their activation and update problems , it wo n't work ... I 've asked for a refund . I 'd never had problems before , so was unfamiliar with their support - this year , I 've sent 6 hours -LRB- three times my actual tax stuff -RRB- with support and it is TERRIBLE and there 's no toll-free , so I pay long-distance charges for 50 minutes on hold ... and the activation people are only available 8 - 5 , so evenings and weekends you ca n't install the software ... I 'm headed for TaxCut !!!
 I 've used TurboTax the last 3 years for my taxes . However , this year I 'm switching to TaxCut . I installed TurboTax 2002 , and -LSB- it -RSB- kept crashing my computer.This year they decided to add activation software which is causing all kinds of problems , including writing to a low level sector on my HD ! No program should be doing anything like this . It is disappointing that they would do something like this .
 I bought TT , but returned it after reading the reviews . I bought Tax Cut and it worked great .
 Having read the reviews here , I skipped TurboTax , and went directly to TaxCut this year . Program works wonderfully , and -- as the review title suggests -- TaxCut will automatically load your personal data from last year 's TurboTax return . Could n't be easier to swap programs .
 The `` free '' Federal e-file that you had to send in a rebate form for and the ads both scattered on my desk-top and within the program itself were bad enough . The product activation -LSB- program -RSB- this year was the last straw for me . After using TurboTax for many years , I do n't plan to continue with it next year unless this stuff goes away . At least -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- has n't caused adverse affects to my PC system so far . A women I work with was n't so lucky . Her system was so hosed up after installing TurboTax that she ended up having to re-install Windows/ME . I would have given this a single star but functionally the product was fine other than the annoying ads you have to go thru when doing your return . From what I hear though , TaxCut has similar functions without -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- .
 As a tax preparation software package I 've been buying TurboTax for a very long time . It has always been OK and done what I needed fairly well . It looks the same this year however they decided to include copy protection by registering your software onto ONE PC . If the PC goes belly up you are out of luck . I guess if you Uninstall it after filing , you will never be able to print returns again . They do have a new SAVE AS PDF feature this year , but I found an error when I did mine - The PDF version shows a vehicle registration deduction from last years return . That item is only on the PDF , not in the `` live '' return or on the form . Go figure . So the PDF is not a good record - you need to be able to load the program if you need the info later . NO RESPONSE FROM THEIR `` TECH SUPPORT '' ON THIS.Finally the STATE is messed up . For years I got the STATE version by downloading . DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE STATE ! This year it installs right on your computer . You DO NOT get an install executable . So even if you could reinstall later and run and view only -LRB- which I 've heard you can do -RRB- YOU WO N'T BE ABLE TO RE-INSTALL THE STATE ! At least you can get the State on a CD . My recommendation is to take the time and get it by CD.I understand the need to protect their product but they 've made it so exclusive that it seriously impacts the paid users.Overall this year is a big dissapointment . If not for all the protection stuff I 'd probably give them 4 stars , but I 'm giving 2 . I hear that TaxCut imports TurboTax records just fine . I think this year is the beginning of the end for TurboTax . BEWARE !
 Intuit said that a patch/update would automatically download so that upon uninstall you would have the choice to uninstall c_dilla . Nonesense.When I uninstalled TurboTax , it never gave me the option to uninstall c-dilla , it left c-dilla -LRB- hidden -RRB- AND during the uninstall it searched my * other * harddrive 's folder `` Music '' where I keep my legal copies of my own music ! Macromedia 's little snoop program appears to want to be the hall monitor of my and your computer , snooping where it does not belong.WHY ?!!!
 wow - stay away - i had to reinstall windows after this c-dilla program was on my pc . not worth it , and taxcut is much better
 The following is a synopsis of a conversation with Robert Loughery at Intuit in trying to find out why I could no longer write CD 's . Note that pretty much IRREVERSIBLE damage is done to your drives ... Read on _________________ SNIP __________________________ OK , I have talked today with Robert Loughery at Intuit Today . Our conversation was interesting and informative.First off let me say that I truly believe that Intuit finds our concerns -LRB- the consumers -RRB- valid and are apparently scrambling for resolutions . They do n't seem to take these things we have addressed in this forum and others lightly.After extended listening to my troubles with the software and my hardware Robert Loughery wanted to make it VERY clear that Intuit is going to look at changing the way that the Software Authentication process occurs . I informed him that I personally have no problem with some type of Authentication and I even encourage it.I DO have a problem of a piece of software that runs a TSR process and also writes to low-level sectors of my hard drive . When I asked him about this Robert Loughery responded that it indeed was using those sectors -LRB- already proven -RRB- and that the purpose of it was so that if a person had to format their drive that it would still be available when a person re-installed the software . When I asked if the C-dilla removal tool they posted removes the software added to your low-level sectors he responded no , that it did not.This is something I still have great trouble with . In the industry this is often referred to as a `` hidden feature '' in a jokingly manner ! Hidden features are intentional software `` features '' that do something that a vendor does n't necessarily want you to know what it does . I will not at this point venture what this `` feature '' does but As I wrote in a follow-up email that included some diagnostics for his team to try to identify my loss of use of my MSI 8348-A CD Writer , I NEVER want a piece of software to write to a portion of my drive where I can not easily remove it . By definition , the behavior of this feature is still a `` virus '' as it has done unwanted modifications to my system.For those they have already installed TurboTax you are in the same boat as I am . There is only one way to completely remove the C-dilla software from your drive and that is to low-level formatting of your drive . If you are unfortunate as I am you own an IDE drive and that is NOT something to do lightly . As a matter of fact I hesitate even mentioning it because of the danger involved.After a couple hours of pulling log files etc for Intuit to look at and in my considering of the implications of this I am STILL uncertain what action I should or will take . I truly consider my 3-month-old 120GB Hard Drive as trashed and also the loss of my Windows XP since it is difficult to move it to another new drive . Everything else I can re-install with no trouble . From this point I will be looking at replacing this drive . I 'll see if I can safely image it without copying over the low-level sectors to the new drive . Then and ONLY then would I consider doing a low-level format of my drive.I am an unemployed Mill worker who is in retraining and simply do not have the liquid cash to buy what I want on a whim . For me this is a serious burden.For all involved this raises all sorts of ethical , moral and financial issues for anyone that distributes or uses this type of software.To end on a positive note I am certain that Intuit will try to resolve these and other issues and minus the problem the `` c-dilla virus '' has and will cause me , I will be happy to see them take a different approach next year . I STRONGLY suggested that Macrovision software NOT be used.So now it is a wait and see process . Darn it ! I want to end on a positive note but I am VERY upset that INTUIT had the nerve to write to hidden sectors of my drive ! And Yours ! I can not be as positive as MikeCPA is in this regard . What is to stop them from doing it again ? I am now going in search of a piece of software that will stop that kind of activity . Anyone know of any good ones?Kenneth Hartman
 I had to reinstall everything in my computer after I tried to unistall the program , if I could I would sue the company .
 crashed me but good . needed to boot xp in safe mode and uninstall turbotax and cdilla .
 As a customer of TurboTax for the past 8 years , I will go to Tax Cut next year . The problem with c-dilla has been an absolute nightmare . My husband -LRB- technical engineer -RRB- found the c-dilla process running and eating away at our system . -LRB- it is still causing problems that he has spent HOURS working on -RRB- This damn c-dilla has almost caused a divorce ! To remain a loyal customer I demand Intuit CEO to make public press release stating it was a bad idea and the whole concept be removed from any future version or product ! Trust me , your loyal , consumer to buy , use and recommend your product , rather than assume I am a criminal software pirate ! My sister and neighbor have already bought TaxCut on my recommendation ! I am buying stock in H&R Block , they will see an insane increase in sells thanks to Intuits c-dilla debacle !
 I was a TurboTax user . I liked it and it worked great for me . But this year I switched to TaxCut Deluxe . The reason is very simple
 If you have any sort of spread sheet , why bother with Intuit 's lack of concern for you . Get IRS Publication 17 -- Free including shipping -- Make your spread sheet work for you -- You already paid for it . Up date it next year . If your taxes are too complicated for that , your best investment is in an accountant . The link
 Unlike previous years , TT for 2002 has sophisticated anti-pirating built into the software such that it can only be used on one computer ... period ! This prevents you from preparing your tax returns using , for instance , your home computer , laptop and/or office computer . The only consolation you get for this is that your can print your output to a PDF file and take it to whatever computer you want . When you think about it this is a great inconvenience . DO NOT BELIEVE the claims of the Intuit website about how it can be run on multiple computers .
 I 've used Turbo Tax for over 10 years but the install of the Macrovision software and the spying has made me switch to TaxCut.TaxCut works as well if not better than any version of Turbo Tax I 've used to date . All imports worked smoothly and filing was a breeze.Thank you TaxCut for providing an alternative to Intuit ! I am astounded at how Intuit has ruined their relationship with their customers .
 Last year I bought two copies of this program . One for myself and one for my mother . Intuit sent me my rebate check from their `` special offer '' , but mom never got a check from them . Presumably this is because I paid for both copies.This year I 'm buying two copies of Taxcut instead .
 If I could give this a rating of zero I would . Can not install on my computer due to the `` activation '' issue and tech support offers no help . Will join the crowd and buy TaxCut instead . Lesson learned - read the Amazon.com reviews before purchasing !
 I switched from Quicken 2000 to Money 2003 beginning this year ; I did buy TT 2002 Deluxe at Costco for $ ... bucks less a ... rebate , so I got it cheap . I d/l the state and got it free . I 've used Quicken and Turbo Tax software for the last 5 years ; no more . I probably wo n't change computers , so I do n't have that problem , rather it 's just the idea of it . Apparently Intuit does n't trust us . If there were not competing software such as H&R ; Block 's Tax Cut -LRB- I think it was Kiplinger 's a few years ago -RRB- , I would probably do it by hand . I think Intuit has entered the Microsoft mindset -LRB- We own the world , they 've got to buy from us -RRB- . Well , as the baby says : I DO N'T THINK SO , BALDY!As someone said earlier , there 's got to be a better way to protect piracy than that . SheeshPat
 Please note that after October 15th activation isno longer required . This slightly improves thesituation since if you change computers afterOctober 15th you can install the software again.But it really is too bad that you ca n't have it onyour notebook and desktop , or your home and workmachines.It is n't a program I 'd choose to buy any more due toMacrovision and what C-Dilla installs in the hiddenarea of your hard drive.Very sad that a clueless product manager can do to suchdamage to a once fine company . They could have used amuch less intrusive type of anti-piracy protection andachieved their goal without alienating their loyal , payingcustomers ...
 The makers of Turbo Tax alledges that we are making much ado about nothing ! Well , I installed TT and my system -LRB- Windows XP Home -RRB- became unstabled . I then uninstalled TT and then I manually removed C-Dilla , by first going to Control Panel , Administrative Tools and then Services to Disable/Stop C-Dilla . Then I went to Windows \ System32 \ Drivers and removed C-Dilla 's `` exe '' file and another C-Dilla file . I found it strange that C-Dilla was the ONLY file in the Driver folder that had an `` exe '' extension!I rebooted and all was well . Then I read Intuit 's lie posted on the website and decided to reinstall it ... after all Intuit said that reinstalling TT would most likely not even require a call to Tech Support ! Umph , what a crock!When I reinstalled it , the Request Code required for Product Activation was BLANK ... spent 45 minutes on the phone with TT 's Tech Support for nothing !! I gave up and returned the Software and purchased Tax Cut Platinum . Tax Cut is not as `` user friendly and pretty '' as Turbo Tax ... but hey it gets the job done and it does not require Product Activation.I do plan to email Intuit 's spokensman Mr. Scott Gulbransen -LRB- scott_gulbransen@intuit.com -RRB- to voice my displeasure ! Hope u all will do the same ... we need to let them know that they 're no Microsoft ... THEY ARE N'T THE ONLY ONES SELLING TAX PREP SOFTWARE !
 I 've used TT since 1966 . I 've never given the program to other people or allowed them to use my computer/software to do their returns . I bought TT Home & Business 2002 last week and installed it as usual . I later noticed the folder c : \ C_DILLA and deleted it . When I reran TT it made me activate it again and the folder reappeared . Now since searching Google Groups I have found two services running in the background on my W2K system . I 've also learned that C_DILLA has written data to my harddrive that can not be removed without reformatting . I had no warning that this trojan horse was going to be installed on my machine , or I would not have installed it in the first place.I am returning TT tomorrow and buying TaxCut . Intuit has lost a dedicated customer since 1996 . I 'm sure H&R ; Block -LRB- owners of TaxCut -RRB- are thrilled to death at Intuit 's stupidity .
 Not only is the new 2002 Turbotax locked to your machine for printing , there are ADS . Why are we getting ads when we have paid ? This is very troublesome and not a good harbinger for the future of software.Had I known all this , I would not have purchased AND INSTALLED the product . It also appears from my later research that some people may need to install XP in order to print . I have XP so that was n't an additional problem in my case.I will be doing my taxes `` by hand '' next year , but that does n't get this `` spyware '' off my machine -- even after uninstall.Not a happy camper.Some info from newsgroups
 This used to be the Gold standard for Tax software before the folks at Intuit got greedy . I believe that you ought to pay for any software that you use , but on the other hand , companies ought to be up front with customers when they put sneaky spy programs on your computer.Intuit violated this cardinal rule when it placed Cdilla on all copies of Turbotax . This program reports back to the servers at headquarters so that you ca n't load a copy of TurboTax at home and at work . They did not even put an uninstaller on the disk . When word got out about this program the company then put an uninstaller on their servers.Switch to TaxCut !! They do n't have anything like this on their disks .
 Turbo Tax was good last year . But now I have CG -LRB- capital gains -RRB- and find TurboTax Deluxe does n't even collect the information . I got so angry so started clicking all over the map and got some message that if I had bought a different version of TurboTax , it would have collected CG information.I gave up and tried to print my completed return -LRB- w/o CG -RRB- so I could transfer the information to paper forms that do ask about CG , only to find Turbo Tax wo n't print !!!!!! My printer and PC are new . There is nothing wrong with them .
 I got the email to renew for 2003 . I never did uninstall c_dilla from 2002 and looked toward the intuit web site for uninstall instructions . Funny thing , not a single word on last year 's fiasco , not the safecast uninstaller . In other words , they just want to bury the mistake rather than owning up to it.I 'm going to wait to see how this one plays out . I am not renewing now . Suggest you do n't do either .
 Thanks to everyone who posted reviews revealing Turbo Tax 's bs . I bought H&R TaxCut . It was great . I suggest anyone reading this to never buy another TurboTax product ever , of course , if you 've read any of the 500 + negative reviews I 'm sure you 've already made that decision .
 I installed TurboTax on my laptop , and the initial installation and activation was no problem . However -LRB- yup , you guessed it -RRB- - my laptop BOMBED . I mean , BOMBED . Everything was wiped out . I ca n't say what killed it , but it was dead.In the course of putting the software on my desktop computer -LRB- since the laptop was useless -RRB- , I ran into problems as I 'd already activated the turbotax software . I contacted intuit , and they said I had to buy my federal and all three states again . I told them that I understand one copy , one license , however , this event was a bit extreme . After 1/2 hour of arguing , I got my federal . Then another 1/2 hour of fighting to get the states.The product itself is decent -LRB- I 've used it for the last 3 years -RRB- , but I will never use this product again . It was way too much stress -LRB- not to mention countless hours of trying to get all the AOL icons and programs out of my computer -RRB- . NEVER AGAIN .
 Beware ... you WILL NOT get your refund . Intuit tries every trick in the book to keep you from getting your refund . They require special proofs of purchase that many customers will accidentally throw away . Their telephone and e-mail support lines are manned by bots . All e-mail responses are created by computer ... and just try to get a human on the phone . Last time I will buy their products ... EVER .
 I have been a Turbo Tax user for many years , but this is my last year . We simply can not get it to run reliably.It appears that some aspect of their activation key is stored in your disk 's boot sector . This has caused trouble with our disk management software -LRB- Maxtor Max Blast with dynamic drive overlay by OnTrack -RRB- , which also wants to be in the boot sector . After installing Turbo Tax and shutting down the PC , the next time we started up the PC we could not access our C :\ drive any more . After fixing this problem , we could not activate Turbo Tax anymore because it said we had installed it on another PC -LRB- not realizing that it was the same PC -RRB- . We got in touch with TurboTax support and they gave us a new key . They said they did n't understand why we were having the problem . We installed the new key and ran Turbo Tax for a while , then exited and shutdown the PC . The next time we booted the PC , the same thing happened with the C :\ drive and the Turbo Tax activation . TurboTax support said we can only get one more key and recommended that we reformat the hard drive -LRB- !!! -RRB- or buy a new PC -LRB- !!!! -RRB- The attitude seems to be that we are either crazy or are software pirates . We 're not pirates -- we 're just trying to compute our taxes with a minimum of hassle.Suffice it to say that we are now going to kiss TurboTax goodbye and buy Tax Cut from now on.Turbo Tax 's new license monitor controls do n't even make good business sense ! -- Here they have a product that has to be repurchased every year , so they are ensured a steady flow of revenue every year as long as they can keep their customer base happy . By putting in these intrusive activation algorithms , they are running a huge risk of alienating their customer base , all in the hopes of foiling some unknown number of software pirates . It is hard to believe that the revenue lost to the pirates can be more than what they are losing by the defection of their -LRB- formerly -RRB- loyal customers!Steer clear of Turbo Tax 2002 !
 So I did hear all the negative reviews about the spyware that Intuit added to Turbo Tax but I did n't really _ listen _ . I should have . It 's as bad as they say and worse . I have bought a copy to TT every year for as long as I can remember doing my taxes but this is the last year I buy TT . In fact , I am so mad that I will never buy any Intuit product again . As a software developer , I do understand the desire of protecting IP . But putting spyware that significantly affects the functioning of your computer is not a solution . TT causes all users except for the user who installed TT on my home XP system to crash when connecting to the internet -LRB- workaround
 My gripe with this product is a bit different than others . I -LRB- perhaps foolishly -RRB- am not that concerned with the issue of privacy . I am however , very concerned with quality and reliability of customer service . I run windows xp , and have been unable to successfully load the program on my computer without getting a runtime error . I 've chatted 4 times with customer service , and although they seem to try , their suggestions are consistently unhelpful , and sometimes downright bad . I 've uninstalled and reinstalled at least six times , have updated my windows programs , and have been advised to go into safe mode in order to install the program . None have worked . My time is too valuable to waste another four hours or so . I see no need to continue trying if the cost of a phone call to service will essentially double the price of the program . I 've purchased taxcut , and have had no problems at all . I 'd like to return the turbotax to the store where it was purchased , but they understandibly wo n't take back open software -LRB- and I do n't blame them -RRB- . I 'll be sending the software back to intuit , and then will try my best to avoid any more of their products . I suggest others do the same .
 I have bought this product for five years running , but wo n't buy it again . This year 's version installs a program that runs in the background every time that the computer is started -LRB- called c-dilla -RRB- . I noticed this program and deleted it ; then Turbo Tax would n't work . I called Intuit and they said they could n't help because it was my own fault .
 They say you can prepare a return on an unactivated machine , but that 's a lie . I saved my . tax file when I needed to send my notebook for repair , reinstalled on the desktop and it would not let me work with the file at all !
 I have used Turbo Tax for the last five years . This new software destoyed my computer . Their tech help was terrible . Damm Intuit . Do n't buy this product . Get the word out .
 I was a long time TT customer , but no more . Could n't get the 2002 software to activate , even though I had purchased -LRB- not borrowed -RRB- it . Not just once but twice , because the first time customer support told me that I must have a `` bad '' disk . Eventually I was told that I could n't activate because my computer was connected to a home network . Please ! Intuit does this to try to prevent people from stealing $ 30 software ? All they really succeeded in doing is losing a paying customer ! My advice - go check out the competitor 's products .
 I have just spent over 7 hours on a chat session trying to get help installing Turbo Tax Premier Version . Intuit was not only uncooperative but did not help in any way . Their lack of an 800 Help Line is particulary irriating , but their ... charge for a phone call is just robbery . I am going to tell everyone I meet about Intuit 's deplorable service and help . DO NOT BUY !! AVOID , AVOID , AVOID
 Because of their introduction of a stupid protection scheme , I decided to go with another product . I just switched to TaxCut after about 18 years with TurboTax . I had zero problems importing last years TurboTax file into TaxCut .
 I have had some hassles with the activation of this product and I recommend staying away from it a saving yourself the headache . Not only is activation a bad idea to begin with , but power-users will almost certainly be caught in a bind as they upgrade systems and reinstall software.I also wish that Intuit would finally come around and create a multiplatform app -LRB- Java ? -RRB- or at least look into supporting Linux . And they can do away with the activation hassles!This is the year to try taxcut.-Dew
 I have been a loyal Intuit Turbo Tax customer since 1993 but will now say goodbye due to their disasterous marketing and the biggest mistake of locking me out of transfering my data from one PC to another .
 Buy TaxCut . Intuit has made it extremely difficult to use the 2002 versions of their Turbo Tax . In an effort to save themselves from piraters , they are going to run off their yearly user base and they know it . They are almost refusing to support and if you have XP , leave TurboTax alone . For some reason it seems to be causing major start up errors in XP . I have had to reinstall XP -LRB- 3 -RRB- times , each caused by the direct installation of TurboTax .
 Horrible . Ads pop up while you are doing your taxes ! I paid for this program and it 's going to bother me with advertising ?! C-dilla has potentially serious privacy concerns as well . I have used turbotax each year for the past 7 years , but this is the end for me . Good bye Intuit .
 I have used TurboTax for years . This year will be my last for two reasons
 Yes , that is what this program looks like
 Quite awhile ago I purchased this item however , when I did I did not realize it would not interface with Vista ... surprise , surprise , I have a product I can not use the way it should be . I have to `` guess '' how to use it as there are no instructions -LRB- remember does not interface -RRB- . There was only one disc , although I read elsewhere there are probably 4 in the set . Humm , maybe this is one you need to double check with a real craftshop before you buy it.I loved what showed up for the cross stitch pattern with all the colors , but could not get it to printout the graph - useless . And , without all the other information - such as type of stitches - it is a guess as to what to do . Definitely wo n't work for the business purpose I had intended it , and do n't see anything new enough to be able to replace it . Oh well .
 I use to swear by retrospect and it never let me down until OS X . Since Dantz started to support OS X its been `` You can purchase Retrospect Support , for $ xxx a year ... '' and how good is this support ? Not very I have a very common DVDR Drive that they still do n't support , I would n't complain if I owned the express back up , but I own the Pro package and the support is lousy ! so many $ $ $ a call to find out that I need to update to their new software after I had just purchased an upgrade and then they still ca n't say they know if they support a Pioneer A107 DVDR !? $ 150 plus a year for support I do n't think so ...
 To create a recovery disk , Retrospect creates a CD image file which must be burned to a CD using another program -LRB- the file contains the restore software and a snapshot of the backed up hard drive -RRB- . When backing up a single large drive , this file easily exceeds the size of a single CD , preventing the use of XP 's built in CD burner . The manual said absolutely nothing about this -LRB- weak and confusing documentation -RRB- . Instead , I found the information hidden away in a text file on the Retrospect CD . Because the box and manual said nothing about having to purchase additional software -LRB- considering the price of Retrospect , one certainly would n't think so -RRB- , I 'm giving this program a low rating . Beyond this , Retrospect appears to be a great program .
 After about 6 months of looking at weekly error logs and going around and around with IT , I have finally decided to do some of my own research to find out why this software continually fails.I searched EMC/Dantz 's `` knowledge base '' and the user guide and found no helpful information . A Google search for `` Dantz Retrospect problems '' lead me here.Like so many previous reviewers have hinted at
 I have an older version of this . When my wife 's computer crashed last week , it took the catalog with it . So now I have a recent back up of her hard drive -LRB- or disk as Retrospect calls it -RRB- which no version of Dant software seems to recognize so as to rebuild the catalog . I have several versions because I originally bought it , and then it came bundled with each of the three Maxtor one touch drives I have purchased .
 I purchased this product based on a reccommendation from the David Lawrence Radio Show without checking its specific hardware support . As it turned out , no drivers for my newer Samsung CD-RW/DVD combo device are available from Dantz , and the program 's `` Custom Configuration '' device was unable to configure/manufacture one that would work.Now I am stuck with having to return the software -LRB- if Amazon allows -RRB- or ` invest ' in a new compatible back up hardware device.Be VERY cautious when buying this product -- wish I had been moreso ...
 I received the UPGRADE of this product , though I ordered FULL product . Nowhere in the title or description is there any indication this is an upgrade product . Also , the image accompanying the product is false advertising . It is the box of the Full product . What I received is a thinner gray envelop-type box . It is of no use to me , as I do n't have the full product .
 I bought ReadIris 7 based on its price and on the claims made on the package . It was terrible . ReadIris promos and manuals claim the program gets smarter as you use it . That is undoubtedly true , but it starts out so stupid that you have a huge amount of work ahead of you just to get it functioning even close to the way it should . Frequently it expects you to go through an entire document with it and tell it which bitmaps represent which letter . This can be incredibly time consuming.When ReadIris 11 came out , I figured that four versions later it probably does the things it says it does . It does n't . I still had the same problem with it garbling large portions of a text image , so I wanted to see what it would do with a perfect text . I created a Word file , saved it as a PDF , and then saved the PDF as a JPEG . Since the text was perfect , ReadIris should have been able to process it perfectly . However , it still garbled about 10 percent of the text and expected me to go through the bitmaps again and tell it how to read things.ReadIris 11 is also very crash prone if your page contains graphics . The box and the manual say it can process these things well , but today it crashed five or six times trying to process a document that contained simple black-and-white graphics . It succeeded in processing it only after I went into a photo editing program and removed the graphics from the image . This crashing is a serious problem , because I have a brand-new Macintosh G5 with 1.5 GB of RAM . If it crashes so easily on my machine , what does it do in more modest computers?One odd but telling thing about ReadIris 11 is that the box and manual claim that it can perform certain tasks `` perfectly '' . If a software company is so naive as not to know that , in the US market , claiming a product performs `` perfectly '' can lead to an expensive fraud suit , it should set off an alarm in the consumer 's head.A far better Mac OCR program , which , sadly , is not sold as a standalone , is the OS X version of FineReader that was found on the utility disks that came with Epson all-in-one printers a year or two ago . In contrast to ReadIris , this program does perform almost perfectly , but you ca n't buy it in a box or as a download , unfortunately .
 Seriously , this is one of the worst application ever made . It crashes on Leopard . If you ever need to update or reinstall , you have to email them for a link to download the update by FTP . Then email them again to get a software key . A software key ? This is in addition to the registration code that you also have to enter . It would be less frustrating to transcribe everything by hand . Purchased . Installed . Registered . Emailed . Entered key . Deleted application from my drive .
 Without a doubt the single most disappointing software purchase I have made in years.I bought this as I thought it was high time for an upgrade from my old OCR software and boy was that a mistake ! Within two days I had switched back to the old software.Not only was the recognition far from acceptable , it lacks even basic features that I consider essential such as the ability to manually define row and column positions when reading table data -LRB- a primary use for me -RRB- . Now I can see why they do n't actually offer a downloadable demo , only a flash video . I ca n't imagine that anyone would actually pay for this piece of junk if they had tried it first .
 I bought Readiris Pro 11 beacause their website was stating how powerful it was even in recognising Asian -LRB- japanese -RRB- types.They do n't have a dedicated version for Asian types for Mac users as for Windows , but it was said an add-on was available . So , I bought it and asked them for such add-on , they sent me a link to download a full Asian Mac version.It installed easily but is useless , because Readiris shuts down each time I load an image with japanese types , and they stopped offering any help or clues . Maybe it 's not compatible with Leopard , but no warning is presented regarding this issue in the program or their wesite.I still would like to have a solution to recognise Japanese letters being offered from Readiris for Mac Leopard users ... offering me their Windows Asian version would be fine !
 OCR , with this program , simply does not work with our hardware . The program crashes . We have the latest version that just came in the mail . What a waste of money.Hardware tested with this software
 I bought Readiris 11.6 and installed it to use it on my Mac with Leopard . I have an Epson Perfection scanner , which works great with OmniPro and other programs on that same mac.Well , Readiris does n't recognize any scanner at all . Their `` Support '' people take over a week to reply and are rude and unhelpful . Their documentation is terrible -LRB- the English is hard to understand and in any case the documentation for version 11 was prepared for version 9 and they have not made updates -RRB- . I am getting my money back from American Express -LRB- who were very sympathetic to me for having bought a product that does n't work and for having wasted my time with the developer 's worthless `` support '' staff -RRB- . Do n't buy this product !
 I have a new Mac Pro with 4 Meg RAM and am using an HP LaserJet scanner to try to get a document into OCR using ReadIRIS Pro 11 . I can do 1 page just fine , but if I ask it to do 2 or more pages , it crashes every time , losing all my work . I called their TechSupport and they said since I 'm using Leopard that I need to get the latest TWAIN driver from HP , which I think I already had , but I re-downloaded the driver and re-installed anyway . Still does n't work . Very frustrating to lose many hours of valuable time . Do n't bother buying this terrible software .
 Purchased this product in 10/06 . After researching , this sounded like the product which would suit my needs . The price was attractive also.This has got to be the worst piece of software I have ever purchased . Yes , I understand no software is perfect . ReadIris Pro 11.0 is so bad I do not know how these people stay is business . Surely there is a legal statue somewhere to close the doors on this company.The response from their web site is 0 . Telephone response -LRB- if you can even get that -RRB- is so bad , do n't even waste your time.Unless you can get a 100 % refund after purchase DO NOT even consider this product.Again , I realize no software is perfect . And , all software can be critized to some small degree.If IRIS ReadIris Pro 11.0 -LRB- Mac -RRB- is your only choice , DO NO evan consider this product.If the price of this software was a nickel , you would be over charged .
 This did n't work at all , even with a perfectly clear pdf file of a journal article page . It got one word correct off the entire page . Luckily I had version 7.0 that came with my printer , so I did n't waste any money , just time .
 Impossible to use ... Poor GUI and no support !!! Does n't support Epson Scanner and ca n't get them to answer my E-mail Questions . DO N'T BUY THIS PROGRAM !!!!
 Over the years I have bought thousands of dollars of stuff from Amazon , and have almost always been satisified . I have had to return a few items , but I have never been motivated to write a review until now . The so called `` handprinting '' recognition does n't work , even on the . jpg file provided on the CD , and after a few tries even recognition of printed material produces either garbage or a blank page or crashes , in fact repeatedly . The `` documentation '' is incomplete , unclear , obviously written by someone not proficient in English . Technical support ? Forget it ! They do n't reply . I 'm not too upset that amazon.com will refund only half of the purchase price for returning it , as I am glad to have this albatross off my back , and it 's my mistake for not reading the earlier reviews . I wo n't make that mistake again ! F. Pe & ntilde ; alosa .
 IRIS is a catastrophy . Stay away from ANY product coming from this company . They 've made it practically impossible to EVEN find the place on their site to get through to their `` support '' and if you succeed it takes forever to get a sign of life -LRB- if you 're not outright neglected -RRB- . `` Sign of life '' is what I use instead of answer because you will get no help remotely indicating they will back you up with support worthy of the name ! And what kind of order is that to not have updates readily available for download via their website ???!!!
 I do n't know what this company was thinking when they invented the world 's most painful registration process -LRB- you have to email them to request someone to manually send you a key -RRB- and then supported it with the slowest-responding , least helpful customer service team I 've ever encountered anywhere , but -- wow -- I really regret buying this software . They seem completely oblivious to the importance of customer experience .
 Like the others I was lured into buying this software with false claims of high accuracy and ease-of-use . Recognition accuracy was so bad that I initially thought I was doing something wrong . I carefully worked my way through the documentation and tried again , but there was no improvement . It 's not even in the same league as other products like OmniPro or FineReader , so I ca n't even compare it with them . I rarely completely reject a product , but in this case I ca n't recommend this under any circumstances , I really am surprised that this company was allowed to release such a bad product and have it be sold via outlets like Amazon .
 Just got it ! Have MacBook Air , newly installed Lion , followed directions , carefully ! Wo n't even open up after all ! I 'm screwed . Once you open the box , it 's yours ! Totally worthless !
 Before you buy ReadIris , I strongly suggest you check out their `` Customer Support '' . Go to the website , look up their phone number and give it a call . Then imagine you 're calling them with a problem.I used this software for a few years , each time an update came out , I went through their long and involved process to upgrade my software -- not an easy task to accomplish.I was running 12.0.5 when version 14 came out -LRB- for Macintosh -RRB- . When I called ReadIris sales , I was told only ` Corporate ' could authorize upgrades and I 'd have to buy the full version . I was told I should have received a notification email a couple of months ago and Sales could n't do anything more for me.I just removed the software from my computer and am looking around for any other.Buy this software at your own risk !
 I got Readiris v12 with my HP purchase so I did n't pay anything for it . That should 've been my first clue . I installed it and on the next reboot it clobbered my BT stack . The fix ? Recovery to the point prior to install fixed it . I do n't know personally if it will work as published and probably never will since the install has put me totally off of it .
 Tried to load ReadIris 11 and it is for Power PC . The instructions say OS 10.4 in the package , but my Macbook Air OS 10.7.2 says Power PC . It is a good deal if you have an older Mac .1 star because it wo n't work on newer Macs .
 This is a very difficult software to use mainly because the manual is written by techies for techies . I took it into the Apple store and several of their best people were unable to figure out some of my problems with it .
 This product is incredibly difficult to use . The tech support sucks ! Do n't be fooled by the support telephone number on the box . It 's a recording that tells you to go online . Perhaps if you 're a computer geek you may be able to comprehend the dense manual . I was really looking forward to it . PLEASE , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Here is an example OCR from a fairly readable scan -LRB- from a bulk document scanner , so not the absolute highest quality , but should be good enough -RRB- : Landlo1dlOwner and Tenant
 ON 10.5 OR LATER SYSTEMS , I find that the program CRASHES INSTANTLY.A few years ago , this product used to work at a SOMEWHAT acceptable level of quality . if one was running it on an older system such as 10.4 , if the document being scanned did not have very many large , complex graphics , and provided that print was suitably large . When I say `` suitably large , '' I mean that in the case of text smaller than about 9 point , the program tends to frequently register any two or more lines of text as if they were one line , and when this happens , it makes the whole program essentially useless for such small print documents.I used to run it on my iBook , and use it a lot in college reading assignments . However , even on the older systems where I found that it would work fairly well , it was necessary to go to the trouble of actually emailing the manufacturer to get a web link that would actually WORK to obtain software updates . The menu bar item to check for updates simply does not work correctly -- furthermore , those updates did not occur often enough and did not effectively improve the program 's quality.As other reviewers have mentioned , the quality of the actual automatic optical character recognition -- the thing that you bought the program to do -- is very bad unless you manually go through and correct each of the uncertainties , in the little `` learning '' window where those uncertainties re highlighted , and this learning function does not work very well unless you invest months of fine-tuning . Even then , it is still not satisfactory . In addition , as other reviewers have said , the customer support is almost always absolutely terrible . I have encountered many long telephone delays and surly and overworked telephone operators , and my emails requesting assistance were often ignored.I recommend that instead , the German-made program ExactScan 2 Pro is what you should use for OCR on your Mac .
 Yet another game I got from the Sim Mania pack , and whenever I tried to play it , the computer froze .
 I do n't own this product , and after reading this listing I 'm fairly certain I never will . I 'm supposed to trust my valuable documents to a company that would allow such a poorly written `` product features '' statement to appear online ? No , thanks !
 Please be very careful when reading reviews of this product . I have been using the home edition for months with all the latest patches installed and everything appears to work great . It does it backups without any glitches . Most reviewers are talking about this part of the software.A few days ago my windows installed got corrupted after a bios upgrade . No worries I thought , just restore my backup . First the boot-up rescue CD did not work . I just hangs on a black screen . So I reinstalled windows and the acronis software . I asked it to restore my latest backup and it said it was good to go . It asked if it was ok to format my hard disk and reboot the machine . I clicked OK and about 10 minutes later I get a message saying that the archive is corrupted . I now lost all data on my hard disk and my backup is completely useless.For months it has been doing backups without hinting at any problems but as soon as it formats your hard disk it does realize there is an issue . Many people have the same issue.When I got some of my system installed again I did a test full backup . Then I did a check archive and it then did tell me that it was corrupted . So it can not even backup a few gig and restore it just a few minutes later.Please do not buy this software . It does not work.I have spoken to their support department and they told me that the problem was with my machine and that I should take it to the nearest service centre . I have 2 windows XP machines with completely different hardware and it is failing on both . This is the only software that is having a problem on either machine .
 Well I had a failing disk , but still working and under -LRB- Dell -RRB- warantee . So how to back up my system so when the Dell man came and put a new disk in ? Mayne I could recover in minutes/hours/days -LRB- it took days -RRB- . I delayed the install until I could get an external disk and install Acronis . I backed up twice -LRB- maybe 3 times -RRB- . I used every thing I could including just copy and paste my file -LRB- this worked best -RRB- over to the external disk.The great day came and !! Dell installs a naked disk -LRB- no os , no nothing -RRB- but , hay , I had no worries I had Acronis -LRB- you can now read
 The thing is too bloody busy.I found the first backup to an external drive OK , but tryingto do partial backups later on , so far , impossible . And I can read .
 I am very disappointed in this product . This company has so many similar products with confusingly similar names , that I ended up getting the wrong product -LRB- I should have gotten the Home version -RRB- and it wo n't work on my system . I was also expecting native support for writing to CD/DVD as advertised for the Home version , but that feature is frustratingly missing -LRB- and in a more expensive product to boot ! -RRB- . And the support is practically non-existent . I would never buy another product from Acronis again .
 I 've installed this on 3 differnt computers -LRB- W2K OS -RRB- trying towrite/read from a CD . 9.0.3633 writes to CD but cant find the fileit just wrote . Can not make a boot CD using 3 differentburners . 9.1 does not reconize a DVD burner -LRB- BenQ light scribeor any other DVD burner -RRB- . Acronis 8.0 worked like a dream butlacked CD/DVD capabiliy . I 've sent 2 request to Tech support , Noanswer.Update . Got an answer from Tech Support after 3 day , it wasdisable Roxio or preformat the Cd with Roxio . Tried both stilldoes not produce a CD . I am not a novice at this . But somecompanies new releases suck . Is it done in India ??? Watch Sales drop .
 This software is worse than garbage . Upon very first use , it wiped my USB2 hard drive and made it unreadable ! My computer would not recognize the drive anymore . I had to reformat the drive with Windows , which took about 2 hours for the 250 Gig drive .
 I have not installed the program . I read the manuel download and decided the program is too complicated . I have since read that the image file the program makes is corrupted and will not restore ! I want users to know an update to correct this problem on Acronis ' web site . I learned this info in PC World . find.pcworld.com/51164 The problem is confirmed by Acronis . I have downloaded the update but have yet to install the program ! If you purchased your copy of the program you need to visit the web site and register you product . Product info in on the bottom of your install disk .
 I decided to test Acronis after I installed the software . I attempted to restore an image of my hard drive . I VERIFIED THE IMAGE BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO RESTORE . Acronis software indicated the drive image was satisfactory.Next I decided to give the software the acid test . The restore failed . I got a message indicating `` the archive is corrupted . '' I could not boot my PC . I had to restore Windows using the `` recovery disc '' that shipped with the PC . My data was destroyed.In my opinion , Acronis is worse than spyware and viruses . There is no telephone number for tech support , just an Email address . They have not helped me.Do not buy Acronis unless you want your data destroyed and you want your PC unbootable .
 This item has not been received in 25 days ! No help from vendor
 Cons
 Love the software . Hate the user experience.Installed the trial version , reboot required . Liked the trial version so bought a copy . No way to enter the serial code in the trial version to upgrade to full version . Uninstalled the trial version , reboot required . Install the full version , reboot again . Found out the full version is out of date . Went to the support site . No downloadable version without registering . So registered , waited for an email to validate registration . Logged into the acronis site . Must register your product 's serial code before obtaining an update . But wait , their website has a bug that wo n't let you register the product . Tried to email support to get my copy registered . Ca n't email them because you need to register your product before getting support , which is why I 'm trying to email them . Shockingly bad user experience.This is the only consumer software company that demands user and product registration before providing bug fixes . They provide no way to update your software from within the program as many others do.Acronis , you stink !
 I 'm a well-educated professional and I 've been able to successfully operate every other software product I 've ever purchased . This software , however , gives me various error messages each time I try to make a back-up copy of my harddrive . Sometimes the error is `` ca n't copy read-only file '' and sometimes the software just runs and runs and never actually does anything -LRB- I let it run for 2 days once , and it never got past `` 0 % complete '' -RRB- . Most frustrating , however , is the complete lack of support from Acronis . I 've contacted them 3 times , each with a detailed but simple statement of the problem , and as yet have had no response . There could be a simple explanation for my difficulty , but if there is , I 'm certainly not going to find out from them , and the skimpy supporting documentation provided with the software certainly does n't help . If I were looking for software in this genre , I 'd steer clear of Acronis .
 I have spent the better part of 4 months dealing with these guys . They wo n't talk to you on the phone , do n't let you get support until you register your product with a serial # , which , if you lose and need to re-install , you ca n't get without a login and a serial # . That makes no sense.I 've had technical problems with True Image Home 9 and 10 , and just ca n't get them to resolve it . Very unhappy with these guys . The product looks good , but if you have a glitch , prepare to wait A WEEK OR MORE for tech support to respond by email . Check out their web site and try some numbers - you 'll find there 's no way to talk to ANYONE unless you want to buy something.This is not one experience with them . It 's Feb 07 now , and this charade began last August ! Buyer beware .
 If you are looking to purchase True Image , I would suggest you reconsider . The customer service is terrible , and the technical assistance is non-existent . I wanted a software package that would clone my hard drive . I like to have a complete backup , and if the drive is cloned , then my Icons , and file views are all the same . Moving from one drive to the other is seamless , and easy . I have two identical computers , so to swap a drive out takes about 30 seconds.I do n't like to just spend money , so I always research my purchases . I went to Comp USA and they recommended Norton Ghost . After reading many reviews from users of both Ghost , and TI , and reading comparisons in PC Mag type publications , I chose Acronis True Image over their rival Norton Ghost . I wish I could go back.I bought the software and started the cloning process . My first boot attempt and I got the Blue Screen of Death ! I have used cheap dos programs to upgrade to larger hard drives , and never got the BS of D . So I went online to find a phone number to call and ask Tech Support what happened . Guess what , there is no person to talk to , Acronis has no phone numbers listed . So I went into the little `` ask your question here '' box , and typed in my questions . I never got a response . I had a bit of personal business to attend to so I dropped the issue for about two weeks.When I tried to pick back up again , I searched the web for some answers . I found there are many people out there that are having problems with version 9 , and that v10 is better . I wrote a letter to Acronis customer support to request an upgrade to v10 and received a reply from Ivan , who told me I had an illegal copy . I contacted the seller , and they said that they were indeed an authorized reseller . I contacted Ivan again , and he asked me to send a copy of the invoice , which I did . Then Ivan told me I missed the free upgrade time by 3 days . I can however upgrade to version 10 for $ 29.00 . I now think Acronis is in the software business to make money , and not provide solutions.Two thumbs down on True Image .
 first copy from amazon turned out to be defective and fortunately was replaced by amazon at no charge . unfortunately , until I realized this I had multiple contacts with acronis tech support , who were particularly unhelpful . When the same problem appeared with the replacement cd , the tech support emailed a simple fix in the registry and all went well . If you get a message when starting the newly installed program `` ca n't find a valid serial number '' and , therefore , will not start , contact the tech support and get the fix . I 'll never understand why they did n't respond as well the first time .
 ... even though the backup may be fine.This software is very flexible , powerful and full featured ... but what good does it do if you do n't know if it 's making a good backup?A significant subset of users report this problem over several different versions of the software . Typical customer support responses tell you things such as
 Do yourself a favor and download this trial version of this software first . This software is not compatible with my system . First of all I had used Norton Ghost 9.0 and it was working fine for me , however , I was n't so happy with the user interface and it does n't have all the nice features that Acronis seems to have.My system consists of three interval HDs ; 2 SATA drives running RAID 1 and another IDE drive I was using for backup before I bought a Maxtor OneTouch II 200GB drive to use for the backups . Ghost had no problems with any of this . When I tried to create a backup to the external drive using Acronis Windows would crash . I went back and forth for 3 weeks with Acronis tech support about this and they concluded it was conflict with a device driver from the external HD and advised me to take the issue up with Maxtor . I have no problems with this drive unless I am trying to back up using Acronis True Image . What do you think Maxtor is going to do about this ? NOTHING . You got it , it 's an issue with the softwareTo top it all off , even though I could use Acronis to back up to my internal HD , it would not recognize my RAID configuration of my primary drive during restore which makes the whole point moot anyway . From the other reviews this software seems to work for a lot of people so my advice is to beware and try the trial version or buy the more well-known back up software programs .
 This was servicable . Would not buy again . Found several others that were cheaper and liked better . This was highly rated when I purchase .
 This program states that it can create an image of the OS drive . But it can not restore it so that you can boot from it so what is the point . You have to install XP from the Win XP disk first than use True Image to restore the image . Bottom line , it is fine for backing up files but not creating a true OS image . I contacted customer support several times and they really were no help . Needless to say , I am very disappointed and now have to research a replacement product .
 My need was fairly simple . Backup a simple windows XP installation on a IBM T30 and restore it on the same machine with a larger hard disk . I tried the download version of True Image because it was well reviewed . The backup went OK but the status screens where terrible.The real problem came during restore and after being asked to switch between CD # 1 , # 2 and # 3 about 50 times I gave up and tried Paragon Drive Backup Personal which worked just fine . Gave better status messages which had a restore that worked flawlessly with no repetative CD swaping.One main request
 I bought this program on the rave reviews given on multiple websites and was excited to install and make my first TI Image . Well much to my dismay the first gave a corrupted image error , so I made adjustments such as turning off all malware detection and defrag software and tried again . Same thing . As a matter of fact every image I make gives me a corrupted image error . The only thing on my machine that would be considered a non standard build would be my RAID 0 setup with 2 WD Raptor drives . Thats it . Norton and Paragon both have no issue with creating an image . I do n't see why Acronis does . As I said I REALLY want to use this product , so I 'm going to try version 10 and see if it works any better .
 I created a Secure Zone and a disk image on my internal hard drive . I was very pleased with the True Image software . It seemed easy to use and reliable . Then I decided to delete the Secure Zone so that I could reclaim the hard drive space and create a new Secure Zone and image on a recently purchased external drive . This simple operation caused me a lot of anxiety . Many of my applications disappeared or stopped working properly . Many directories and thousands of files were lost . Although the Secure Zone is supposed to be a separate , independent area that is only used by True Image for backup images , it seemed to also contained a large number of files , applications and operating system components . Deleting or resizing the Secure Zone can lead to massive data loss , even though Acronis claims that such operations can be done without affecting anything outside of the Secure Zone . Rather than protecting me from catastrophic data loss , True Image seemed to cause catastophic data loss.Luckily , a power loss or surge caused my computer to crash a couple of hours after I deleted the Secure Zone . Upon rebooting , Windows XP checked my hard drive for errors . Many of the files and applications that were `` lost '' when the Secure Zone was deleted , were now discovered as orphans by Windows XP and re-indexed . So the data loss ended up being less catastrophic than I originally thought , but some files and applications were still missing or corrupted.Be very careful when creating , restoring , deleting , or resizing images and the Secure Zone , because you may lose data and applications .
 I do not recommend this software . I installed the product on a system with a DVD R/RW and one of the key features of the product does not work . I attempted to create a bootable DVD to facilitate the restoration of my computer and much to my dismay this feature is not supported . The tech support is only available by e-mail and it seems to take 24 hours to get a reply . When they did reply it was apparent that the tech had n't read my e-mail . The bottom line is that I am very unsatisfied .
 Purchased to do a full backup of my hard drive . Seemed to install just fine but backup procedure produces nothing but error messages . Wish I had tried the trial version first . Do n't buy this until you know for sure it will work with your system . Follow up
 Tried Acronis for about 6 weeks and finally , went back to using XP Pro 's back-up prog . The more than several problems I had with Acronis making back-ups . I spent a good part of 4 weeks following their tech . support guidlines . Reinstalled the product at least 3 times . It never was able to provide a backup with out an error message coming up . Finally , the computer crashed and Acronis would not let me access any files on the backup drive or my computer . I had to reformat/reinstall XP Pro.been using XP Pro 's backup program now for 3 weeks -LRB- full backup and incremental backups -RRB- and it has offered no errors .
 This piece of software would be really useful if it was more reliable . I find that more often or not it will not restore what I have backed up , and will give unspecific error messages as to why the restoration failed . Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't - that 's unacceptable when you 're depending on this to back up your data .
 This leads most people to think this is an audio CD , which , ofcourse it is not . Unless someone reads the opinions/reviews , they would never know the difference . furthermore , the site leads to you another site -LRB- at the top of their site -RRB- that advertizes for AUDIO that has a `` safety '' insignia at the bottom that looks like some sort of United States national seal . When you click on THAT , nothing comes up - just googles of SIMILAR stuff ... which indicates another rip-off ! -LRB- TRY IT ! -RRB-
 Please do not spend your money on this CD . It is not well done , difficult to read , and the way it is translated it can be misleading
 I 've bought Landscaping & Deck Designer to play with what-if scenarios in our back yard . It is a simple yard , with a lawn , patio , retaining wall that doubles as a bench , and a few plant beds on the side.The program worked well for architectural-type tasks such as specifying rooms , decks , doors & windows . It was quite cumbersome for any landscaping tasls . For example
 I have moderate knowledge of computers , etc. and I found this overly complicated . This is not intended for the novice . However , even if you are not a novice it seems to still be a waste of money . I wish I had not bought it at all . Perhaps it has secrets and treasures I am not aware of ... but the directions are complicated and it would be by chance that you would ever discover them . Save your money ... this was a waste .
 There is `` absolutely no comparison '' because I do n't HAVE the freekin ' item to compare it with anything . Do n't order through the `` used '' section of Amazon from bookseller called `` generalstorm '' . I ordered this item as a Christmas gift , but I still have not received it . I contacted the seller but have not heard from them . I have been robbed !!
 Do not waste your money ! I consider myself pretty computer savvy , but this software is not easy to use . You 'd have an easier time just drawing out your ideas by hand .
 This is the worst software I have ever worked with , everything is difficult and some things are impossible to create .
 DO NOT LET THE PICTURES ON THE BOX FOOL YOU!I purchased this software yesterday and I found it to be very disappointing . I bought it to design the landscaping for my new home . I gathered all the dimensions of my house and yard before downloading the program . I thought I would be able to enter the dimensions from my land survey and my own measurements -LRB- NOT SO -RRB- . The landscaping tools are NOT USER FRIENDLY . They are difficult to move around and outdated . In order to use a photo of the front your own home , you must first carefully edit it using another program.I bought the `` BHG Home Designer '' too . It is the same way . The programs are almost identical.I am very disappointed . I really want to call the company about this one . I would have been better of using a publishing program to design my landscaping !
 I work for a software company so I know a little about the user interface concept . This is one of the worst packages I have ever used . I just spent an hour trying to draw my house and get the dimensions right . The automatic dimension builder did not work . I had to draw it , and redraw it to get the dimensions right . Then I added a few windows and doors , and 2 porches . Then I tried to use the camera to get a vertical view . The whole file blew up - ca n't find it anywhere . The manual is useless , and the tutorial CD is just an overview of each topic . What a waste of moeny .
 I bought this based on the reviews on Amazon but I 'm not too pleased with it . Too many things you ca n't do -LRB- make garden paths , show a curved lot -RRB- . And the things you can do often seem useless like fancy backdrops such as mountains or the ocean.I also thought there would be a lot of templates and things you could just drop into your plan . No - just a couple of flower beds and they are n't flexible in how they can be done.The `` Landscape Design Center '' is just a bunch of text - tips and the like and they 're not even very good tips . -LRB- And if I wanted to just READ I would have bought a book , not a computer program . -RRB- I spent a lot of time working on this but it 's just not very good .
 I expected better form BHG . This software is for people who want to play around with a 3D image of their house and deck , fooling around with different styles of chairs , grills and lights . It is not for the serious gardener . The navigation is cumbersome , the plant selection is limited , drawing capabilities are meager . The only good thing about it was that when I called the company for a `` return number '' , the customer service person I spoke with was very polite and asked for suggestions for improving future versions of the software .
 I was so excited to get this ! The terrain on our lot has quite a slant to it because we 're on a hill . My husband and I thought this would easily help us create a materials list for our retaining walls that we wanted to put out front . Long story short ... I spent hours -LRB- at least 40 -RRB- getting the dimensions of our house correct and trying to get the yard right . We even rented a surveying instrument to determine the slope of our yard to input elevation points . MANY hours wasted ... the software does not let you set the height of the retaining walls and it inputs random walls and pieces of wall in the 3-D view that you ca n't get rid of . The flowers are hard to place , they do n't end up where you want them . Besides , the `` Plant Chooser '' does n't have hardly any perrenial plants to choose from.Bottom line
 This program takes way too much trial and error to figure out how it works . The aerial or helicopter view is very nice . The walk around view does n't work as far as I can tell . Creating the drawing is too tedious for my taste , requiring me to constantly switch from one window to another . And lots of scrolling through big libraries of objects . I do n't know of a better program for amateures , but do n't expect this one to be easy to use .
 unable to complete 1st 3 projects because prog does n't like short walls -LRB- playhouse -RRB- , stairs get confused on cantilevered deck , and it 's near impossible to put columns in a curved brick wall -LRB- even that does n't allow change in height -RRB- . For my purposes , a waste of money .
 I have n't spent too much time reading the reviews for this product , but judging by the amount of `` 1 '' stars , I can tell that I 'm not the only one who is fed up with this software after many , many tries to design a simple landscape.The first day I got this software , I built the house , painted the walls green , and aside from a struggle to get the roof to look like my house 's roof , it went okay , so I was still optimistic.The next day , I anxiously sat down and started to lay out the perimeter of my yard , and after another struggle to get the curve in the road for my front border , I was a little frustrated , but it turned out okay . Then after trying to get a gentle slope down from the house and managing to create big mountains in the yard , I learned how to use the undo button ... over and over . I tried to design a deck in the back , and the act of doing that changed the color of the house back to a drab gray color . So I changed it back to green , and decided to erase the deck and try for a different design . And my house was gray again . Aarrrgghh !!! Did I mention that my garage door appeared a foot above the driveway ? I do n't own a Hummer , so I tried to lower the door -LRB- ca n't do it -RRB- then raise the driveway -LRB- more mountains -RRB- . All I got was more practice with the undo button.Okay , I gave up on the deck and the garage door for the time being , and decided to try to create some raised areas where I thought some decorative rock and some bushy things and maybe a tree would look good . Well , the terrain feature tools only allow a kidney bean shape , a rectangle , or a circle . These can be modified by selecting the object -LRB- which is a major chore in itself - first you have to right click on it , then select object . But by now , the `` floorplan '' view looks like a mangled mess of lines , because it shows all the elevation lines , some dimension lines of the house , fence , plot lines , sidewalk , road , camera angle lines , and I have n't even planted any trees or bushes yet - so every time you try to click on something to modify , you stand a GREAT chance of clicking on something nearby . AND if you forget that you need to right click first , you will have a new terrain feature where you just clicked ... undo button -RRB- Where was I ? Oh yeah , the shapes of the rocky areas - I wanted to create a curvy line to run along the sides of my driveway , and these three shapes do n't allow that . Undo button . So they have this tool for creating a landscape curb , and although I did n't want a curb , I assumed I could use that to frame what I wanted so as have an area to plant bushes . Sigh ... You ca n't just draw a curvy line . There is a `` spline curb '' tool , which supposedly makes curves by clicking and dragging straight sections of curb that will attach themselves end to end to each other after they 're drawn . Finally , I figured how to create a beautiful curvy border for my rocky area . Problem solved , right ? Wrong . It does n't work . I ended up with a bunch of parking blocks in my lawn . Forget the undo button . I give up . Trust me , you will too.The tutorial videos are indeed short , and they do show you how to use basic functions . But there are no answers for most of the questions that you will encounter . You must trial and error your way through this non-user-friendly program to accomplish anything in your mind 's eye . I thought the whole purpose of a landscape program was to quickly try many different ideas for landscaping and see it in 3-D before you do any grunt work in your yard . But you end up doing tons of grunt work by just trying to figure out how to use this annoying product . The most frustrating thing is how exhausted you feel , and then you catch a glimpse of your yard out the window and realize that you have n't done anything yet.I guess you could probably create what you want if you spend months of agonizing time in front of your computer , that is if you can resist the urge to chuck it through your living room window and onto your neglected dirt lawn . Seriously , you could spend as much time getting your yard the way you want it in this program as you would just drawing it on a piece of paper , then actually landscaping your actual lawn ! Use your fifty bucks for an extra bush instead of buying this useless program .
 This product is marginal at best . Keeps crashing system . Display is crude and inconsistent . Impossible to use as a deck designing tool . Plant encyclopedia is a joke . It 's a fun toy , but not more than that .
 Better Homes & Garden Landscaping & Deck Designer 7.5 is a big disappointment . My spouse keeps telling me to quit yelling at this program ; shut it down & get out some paper . We 'll be done with our design in 2 hours . BHGLDD 7.5 is so user unfriendly . You ca n't input dimensions into objects . Copy & Pasting objects is difficult ... heck , just selecting landscaping objects is a hair-puller . A real hassle . Try to mouse-draw a terrain line next a wall & then select said terrain line to input dimension data & the auto-snap to surrounding objects will drive you mad & stop you from selecting anything but walls . Why ca n't the user define an area & then auto-fill with selected building material in grid type fashion ? Silly , really ! I 'm trying to create a patio out of paving stones & this bad program is taking my money & time ... I 'm shutting it down now!We 've been using Custom Home 3D by Sierra for many years with great success . Custom Home 3D was very inexpensive & has helped us with numerous floorplan & furnishing projects throughout our property developement stints . Custom Home 3D is not highest resolution , but does the job . Workarounds could be found with Custom Home ... BHGLDD 7.5 is a selected by default nightmare , yuck ! _ CT Reitzell
 I agree with Josh . I 've never been so frustrated in my life ! What a waste of time and money . I tried it over and over thinking maybe I needed just a little more patience . I 'm not sure an engineer with CAD experience could run this program let alone a novice . Do n't waste your time .
 This is the most frustrating program ever . if you want to do land scape design . Your better off with a pad of paper and a pencil . It will take you less time and frustration than this thing will .
 I am not a professional landscaper , and as a result intended to use this program but once for an initial backyard design for a new home . Despite being a computer user since the original Apple II , I could not fathom this software 's intricacies , and the user manual is useless . The CD tutorial is superficial , and does not help the first-time user .
 I was very disappointed by the skimpy list of plants included . No spruce , no oakleaf hydrangea , no privet , no epimedium . Only a few kinds of hosta , nowhere near the great variety of colors and sizes easily available.Any landscape designed with this program will be poor and boring , indeed . The plants that are provided are so overly common .
 This software has been a disappointment . I have intermediate computer skills and yet I find this software to be an unreasonable hassle for doing landscaping projects.What appealed to me was the ability to add landscaping project details to a photograph to help visualize a design scheme . I have worked on this software program far too long with basically no results . The CD tutorial is not that helpful.I bought this product for business purposes . I have real estate that I wish to improve the curbside appearance . This product did not meet my simple expectations .
 This product lacks the common user friendly amenities found in virtually every other software product on the market . If you happen to scroll out of your 3D design , good luck trying to find a speck that is either your design or just a dirty screen . Be careful of the Undo button as there is no Redo ! Do n't expect to get much in the way of help from the `` User Manual '' either.This product was a waste of money . I really expected more from a company as big as BHG .
 I assume that most computer users have a word processor -- most likely Microsoft Word . Thus , the first question that the potential buyers of OneNote should ask is
 Try pasting in an ascii table , and you will see that OneNote has it own weird ideas on auto-formatting your text . This auto-formatting has been a huge inconvenience for me . I have to manually correct these tables after pasting to make them look right .
 I have this on my computer and tried using it once to take notes , and it failed miseralbly . I tried to take notes on a film I was watching for a Phil . class and it was annoying to use . I 'm not the type that will take notes with my laptop -LRB- since it 's not a fancy tabletpc -RRB- , so I didnt find Onenote useful . I 'm sure if I were cutting and pasting notes to prepare quotes for an essay , it would 've been easier -LRB- and more helpful . -RRB-
 you can use it on a computer or labtop but is was mean to be use on a tablet . I would not buy it . you can take notes in powerpoint and word use outlines and set up your files in My documents . It was a pain to learn and many of the features were not avaible to use unless you have advance input devices . Just not worth the money .
 OneNote is the weakest Office product Microsoft has ever released . It has minimal features and fails to integrate in any useful way with other Office products . OneNote even fails to read Journal files , which is ridiculous for a TabletPC user . There is great potential for this product , as the basic structure for organizing files is well thought out , but the rest is amateurish at best . Unfortunately , software titles for TabletPC are still rather limited , and this poor product is n't about to woo any new users to the technology .
 I downloaded the trial version . The features look great but I could n't get the program to work . It would n't even let me type anything on the page .
 This is the biggest waste of money in the world ! It is just a word program that saves it in a directory . Use Microsoft Word , and save in special folders , and save the money . Shame on you Microsoft for taking advantage of your customer base .
 I bought one , but it is not convinient for those that with the touch pad , it is hard to write unless you have pen.also I bought hope there will be a rebate , but they said the coupon must be original , but they did not send me the one , which means they give you better hope but not real result.that is bad feeling !!! very bad !! since then I will never buy one microsoft product privately .
 Not generally worth it . Too much effort to integrate into daily routine for it to be worth it ...
 I hate to say it but this product is horrible . The redraw time is just unbearable . For anyone that has used M$ Streets and Trips which is what i am used to using as far as mapping software goes this simply will not due . It takes anywhere from 2-5 seconds to redraw the map depending on how much data you are displaying on the map . So imagine trying to navigate a area on the map with your arrow keys and it taking between 2-5 seconds to redraw the map everytime you click the arrow key . This unfortunatly is the way it is . I really hate to say this but using Streets and Trips via Virtual PC is better than using this product . This seems strange to me I would think that during the development of the product they would have used Streets and Trips as a benchmark for creating it . I have e-mailed them several times inquiring about these issues but have never heard from them back . On the Plus side they seem to have put alot of effort into including tons and I mean tons of landmarks , restaurants and etc into the maps so whatever you are looking for be it a Applebees or whatever you should be able to find it . Sadly this product just plain sucks it only gets a extra star from me because they are at least making software for Macintosh .
 This is a great idea for a product for the Mac , and these guys could own an entire category on the Mac platform without any competitors , but sadly the products quality and design is very poor . It is if they designed the product cheaply knowing there was no competition , vs. making a killer product knowing there was no competition so they could own the segment.Anyway , wait for the next version , assuming it is better . I would not buy this product given it 's bugs , poor user experience , slow speed , and general lack of quality
 i was a user of MS streets and trips , and belive that it was the one thing MS did correctly and i am shocked to say that not only is the mac competition -LRB- RT66 -RRB- lacking , but simply not worth using . RT66 makers should be ashamed and do not deserve to be among mac and its usual integrity .
 It 's unfortunate that this is the only street mapping software currently available on the Mac . I should have kept my money.The entire program is awfully slow on my PowerBook . I ca n't believe how long it takes to zoom or scroll . No really , it 's slower than what you 're imagining right now.The user interface is very confusing and clunky . They need to read up on Mac user interface standards.The GPS interface seems to be a 2nd thought . You ca n't add waypoints with GPS coordinates . The program does n't update your itinerary as you progress along . All it does it draw your position on the map . That 's it . Never mind vocal turn-by-turn directions.Outdated maps ! Holy cow . It 's missing roads , and old roads are still there . It would n't be so bad if you could plan routes where the roads should be , but the program restricts you to the roads in it 's database . It makes route planning on new roads impossible .
 Pros
 Route 66 should hang their developer heads in shame for putting this product out.The app seems to be a bare minimum port from its Windows version . The first indication of this is the ugly port of the `` help '' contents -LRB- which are an obvious attempt at mimicking the Windows help system , via a Java applet -RRB- UI - No keyboard shortcut to go between zoom in/out and drag . No way to convert GPS coords to decimal , or to search by lat/lon . The UI is a clunky artifact of the mid-90 's , if not before . Type in a search and hit return ... nothing happens . . you have to click on `` Find '' . Compare and contrast simple navigation to Google Maps ! Case closed.Speed - I 'm running on a 1.33 ghz PowerBook , with the most recent Route 66 patch . Using 16mb of cache -LRB- in the preferences -RRB- does n't help much . This is 2005 . . surely you would expect a dedicated app to outperform Google map . Not this one . I am not kidding when I say this is slow . You may say `` well , run it on a dual processor G5 ! '' ... and I would counter with `` I want to use this on the road , and I have a fast laptop - that should be sufficient '' . Having written that , I 'll note that it 's possible to get some use out of the program , and the GPS status works fine -LRB- I got the Polstar PGM-111 via Delou bundle -RRB- . I do n't like the feeling that I have no other choice for a consumer GPS / Mapping app.Hopefully the resurgence of the Mac as a platform will encourage more capable companies to put out a mapping program that 's better thought out . The problem with Route 66 is that they appear to need some serious competition in order to shame them into putting out a quality product.Please , Apple , put out an `` iTravel '' !
 I bought this software because , well , it was the only one available for OS X . This is beta stage software at best - it does n't tend to crash , but the UI is really poor . It is as if 12 different people wrote different pieces of the program and then tried to cobble them together . Nothing is very intuitive , and things that should be simple are cumbersome . The routes are sometimes often adequate , but not infrequently poor choices or just wrong . For instance , I tried to plot a route from Durham to Salisbury , MD. . I had a nearly impossible time ` forcing ' it to choose the most logical/shortest/fastest route . It continually tried to send me 100 mi . out of my way . Even when I roadblocked all of the roads it wanted to send me on , it sent me 250 mi out of my way rather than the most direct route.I hope this software improves . If the company is motivated , it could be the basis for a really good program . However , any company that would put something this haphazard on the market with almost a complete lack of documentation AND no competition is unlikely to put much effort into this . After all , why should they?In summary , if you need a map program for your mac that has a lot of points of interest , a good database of roads -LRB- although poor search engine -RRB- , GPS input capabilities , does n't require a CD in the drive , and 35 bucks does n't seem like too much for slow , unintuitive , occasionally counterintuitive information and interface , go for it .
 This product is terrible . Create a route from Alabama to Colorado and the generated route uses US highways without Interstates . Also in preferences uses gallons/100 miles instead of miles/gallon . Obviously this was not reviewed by any US citizens prior to release . The only plus is the map data is decent so they MIGHT update the executable .
 Assuming that you 've read the other reviews , I 'll try not to repeat too much . I used to think that Street Atlas was a little clunky . Now I just wish there was an OSX version.This software is inexcusably slow . Launching , zooming , redraws and GPS tracking all require actual waiting periods . It 's not unusual to wait 10-15 seconds for the beachball to stop . If this were just an initial load time or caching issue , I would n't mind as much , but everytime you move the map at all , there 's the long wait again.On any machine I 've used , Google maps is a wonderful thing . This software had the whole 2.4 GB of maps on the hard drive , and it 's painful to use.This software in anything but intuitive . Where the simple `` from '' and `` to '' functions to get directions . Entering points to be added to a route is just plain difficult.GPS users
 I purchased Route 66 Street Network 2004 US/Canada for finding directions for myself and my drivers on delivery . I have found that it is nearly useless for finding addresses . It seems that updating their `` 2004 '' maps for Boise , Idaho has not been a priority . As a matter of fact , I find that naming it `` 2004 '' is very misleading . There are areas of this city that have been developed for over five years that do not appear on this program . In addition , many streets are incorrectly named , do not exist in the manner that this program shows them to , or both . On a daily basis I have to use MapQuest to find the actual routes when my drivers call to inform me that this program is again incorrect . I wrote to Route66 customer support and was told that it 's not their fault the product sucks and blamed it on the company they purchased the maps from .
 I would give Route 66 a -5 stars . It gives strange and longer routes than you should take . Have actually put in addresses and Route 66 could n't find it , but when I zoomed in on the map not only did I find the street but when marking a waypoint it gave me the address I typed in the search box . Contacted customer support a few times for different issues and got the same answer each time `` Use the help menu '' . I have tried to use the help menu and no matter what you click on it just stays at the index screen . Stay away at all costs . Had a die hard mac friend tell me he would buy an old Windows machine and use Streets and Trips before he would use this piece of junk .
 I 'm having the same sort of problem . Redraw time is glacially slow . Zooming in will white out the screen , or maybe it 's just still redrawing . If your idea of fun is watching the spinning beachball , then this product is for you . Damn DeLorme for discontinuing Street Atlas for the Mac .
 The map data looks excellent , but the program crashes every time I try to zoom in past the city level . Apparently a lot of others have had the same problem and tech support has no idea . Save your money and buy something else .
 This is absolutely worthless . Five of Seven friend 's addresses that I typed into the program did not show up , even though thet have lived their more than 5 + years . Throwing a dart at wall map would bring you better results .
 I bought this hoping to have a map program that I could use on the Mac . I am running Panther and initially could not install it . The support web site was no help . I finally figured out from researching the Apple web site that I had to change my permissions on the Applications folders in my home directory . This information should have been on the support web site-Panther has been out for several months.Next I searched for my home address . It placed my house on a non-existent section of the street and showed other non-existent streets in the neighborhood . This neighborhood is up to date in the Thomas Guides and on Mapquest !! Finally , I created a route to a place in San Francisco-a very straightforward route . No matter how I tried it , it routed me through cities or up highways I never would take . There was not an option to modify the route without adding roadblocks or intermediate points . If I need to do this , I might as well use a paper map and skip using this program.If I can not have accurate information and routes in areas I am familiar with , I am reluctant to use it for unfamiliar areas and routes .
 if you have used microsoft 's `` street and trips '' before you wont like `` route66 '' . its slow -LRB- even on a powerbook g4 1.67 -RRB- and not as friendly as `` s & t '' . The `` s & t '' works faster than `` route 66 '' on virtual pc7 with xp -LRB- this part i dont like much -RRB- on the same powerbook . If you have not used `` s & t '' before , try another option on osx or try what i did -LRB- it worked better for me -RRB- .
 Do not waste your hard-earned money on this product . I 'd heard it was buggy and slow but in my case I could n't even get it to load on my TiBook 667 running OSX 10.3.6 . multiple emails to the company have been ignored and phone calls are impossible since they are in the Netherlands and list only a fax number . Looks like I 'll have to keep using Street Atlas in classic mode .
 UPDATED REVIEW -LRB- 9/2007 -RRB-
 The maps look pretty . The program , however , is pretty awful . Searching for an address is horrendously slow , as is calcluating a route . Hope you like the spinning beachball , because you 're goint to spend a lot of time looking at it.Let me give an example ... just now I opened up the program and did a search for `` San Ramon , CA '' . It took over a minute to bring up the results , and then it gave a list of * every single street * in San Ramon . Oh , and also all the streets in Ramona , San Diego . If I do the same thing in MS Streets & Trips on the PC , the search takes a couple of seconds and it takes me right to the center of the town . I hate to praise a Microsoft app , but Streets and Trips is maps done right . Route 66 is maps done # $ % # ! terrible.I could go on about the confusing interface , the fact that the maps print terribly in black and white , and so on , but you get the idea . Unfortunately there 's no other option on the Mac . That being said , if I 'd known the program was this bad I would 've just stuck with using Mapquest .
 First and foremost this program does not allow you to access Exit numbers . You can look on the map till your eyes hurt , but you 'll never be able to tell the Driver , `` in five miles take exit 26 '' . No exit numbers , I contacted the company and they confirmed that they are working on this for future versions . That such a simple navigational tool is not available is enough to render this program useless in my opinion , but that does n't even scratch the surface.Major cities do n't show up untill you have reduced the map to a point where you are right on top of the city . If you pulled a full screen on Maryland and you wanted to find Annapolis you better know where to look . If not , you will have to search for Annapolis , then ask the program to center Annapolis on the map before it will show you where it is . A whole state will show up on the screen without a single city visible , what good is that?When you calculate directions , the directions that appear are pretty much useless . Today I travelled from Florence , SC to Raleigh , NC . I calculated the directions . 115 miles of the 150 mile trip were on the major interstate 95 , but in the 30 odd manuvers that were detailed -LRB- the trip was pretty much a right turn onto 95 , and a left left onto 40 west -RRB- the program never distinguished the road as 95 ! The blue line on the map ran along 95 , but the directions never confirmed it.The program is beyond bad . Buy a paper map until Delorme or Rand McNally grace us mac users with a product .
 On the good side , the dozen or so places that I located were correct . That is three more than Street Atlas could locate . The software installed easily and seems to run fine.On the down side , I have not yet been able to interface with my GPS and the instructions are perfectly worthless . Also , the routing is unbelievably bad . For two locations not far from Interstate Highways , Route 66 returns driving routes that jump on and off the Interstate Highways , for all routing options . No one would ever drive the routes it suggests.The Mac community needs a great map and routing program . As it stands today -LRB- including the build 3 software release -RRB- , Route 66 is not it .
 As a user of Poser 5 I 'm quite familiar with the application . Om Mac OS 10.3 Poser 5 always performed flawlessly , but with OS 10.4 Poser 5 does not work at all -LRB- my contact with Curious Labs tech support confirms this -RRB- . So I installed Poser 6 with OS 10.4 and immediately found that the application was incapable of identifying anything in its own libraries . Nor would it read the Python scripts.Two calls to Curious Labs and a lot of time spent going through the settings etc. with the very nice and highly competent gentleman there produced no improvement . Updating th OX 10.4.2 with Apple 's download and two reinstallations of the software produced no results . There are clearly problems the manufacturer needs to address . Good company , usually top-notch products , but this iteration of Poser 6 does not measure up .
 You may have noted references to Poser 's notorious instability . In earlier versions I had n't really noticed this shortcoming , but version 6 has not been a happy experience . Prior to now I had been on a Mac G4 w / OS9 w / Poser 3 or 4 . I have been a satisfied Poser user for a number years and have always found it very useful . However , I have recently upgraded to a new Mac G5 with OS 10.4 and had to buy a new copy of Poser -- version 6 . The results have been very unsatisfictory . On this new system Poser continually crashes upon launch and tech support , so far , offers no long term solution . So far it has been worse than useless.The good news may be this
 This release proved to be good on more new features but the memory issues are the stinker . Renders stop with to many out of memory issues at the simplest settings no matter how much RAM you feed it . As of this moment the latest service pack release SR2 has not solved the memory issue .
 Before you discard your Poser 5 software ... STOP . This new version may have lots of new features but it stalls more than it runs . I used to do animations with my old Poser 5 . I WAS working on a short animated film . This program runs SO SLOWLY that I can barely render a complex still much less do animation . It does n't even load new figures without a wait that is two or three times what Poser 5 used for the same model . It may run fine on a MAC but NOT on a PC . I have kept up with updates and none has fixed the problem . Right now I am writing this review as I WAIT for POSER 6 to switch from the Figure Library to the Props Library . It has stalled -LRB- again -RRB- and wo n't let me open a folder . Incidently I have a pentium 4 with 512MB so this is not a slow system . They have a lot of work left to do on this program and I am seriously considering uninstalling it .
 When I first got Poser 6 I was excited about the possibilities of porting Poser animations to Flash . Poser may work fine as a tool for creating static figures , but the animation aspect is extremely unstable to the point of unusable.Poser 6 crashes often and crashes hard when rendering animations . It actually crashed and re-booted my computer several times !!! I kept trying because the potential is so great . I even bought more memory hoping that would fix the problem . I 'm using an AMD Athlon 2.16 Ghz CPU and 1 Gig of RAM . That 's more than double what Curoious Labs says Poser requires - so it 's not lack of computing firepower.Such potential ... unfortunately Poser is not ready yet .
 Well I definitly would not recommend buying this product . It did not move anything I wanted it to and everything I didnt want it to . theres got to be a better solution for transfering files
 I transfered a lot of large files from PC to Mac -LRB- 12GB in all -RRB- . It took over 4 hours , but worked as advertised . I have two computers -LRB- I did n't realize that it did n't allow multiple transfers until after purchase -RRB- . Very expensive and frankly not worth the money if you have to purchase a new `` license '' for about the same price to move multiple files . Actually , its ridiculous . The company should make the license per user and not per use . Cheaper to just by DVD 's and do the transfer that way .
 This product may work if there were detailed instructions and if there was any technical support . The technical support hours are M-F 9am to 5pm . When you call they ask you to leave a message . When you go to online support , after waiting for the online chat for 5 minutes , you receive a message stating it is unavailable at this time . Still waiting for the call back from my message .
 Only good for one use and that 's not disclosed . With that kind of disclosure policy up front poor customer service can be expected . After the first `` move '' I used my wireless network for the other three computers I am switching over . Googled `` transfer data and setting from pc to mac '' and followed the instructions ! Anyone can transfer data on a network but the settings , email set up , etc. is what I had hoped the software would do . It did n't .
 This is not the latest version of the software and was not revealed in the description .
 I have used IntelliMover on several occasions to move data from one XP PC to another and had good experiences with that product . The problems with the Move2Mac are as follows :1 -RRB- It does n't convert Outlook mail , Contacts or Calendar to Mac format . You actually need to invest in an additional $ -LSB- ... -RSB- product called OM2 from -LSB- ... -RSB- . OM2 worked very well . Detto only picked up the OM2-converted files from my XP PC and moved them to my Mac ... I still needed to import them myself .2 -RRB- If you use another browser other than IE , it wo n't move your favorites . I use Firefox , so no deal .3 -RRB- I did n't want to move my screensaver as Mac 's are much nicer so that option was of no value.So the only thing that Move2Mac did for $ 45 was to move my `` My Documents '' , `` My Music '' and `` My Videos '' files ... I could have done that for free .
 I sure wish that I had looked for reviews of this product before I bought it . I bought it 11-29-2010 . After reading the manual -LRB- pamphlet -RRB- , and installing it on my PC with XP Pro & my new MBP -LRB- over 5 hours -RRB- , it would n't let my 2 computers talk to one another over an ethernet connection . It would n't let my MBP log onto my PC to transfer the files over , with or without passwords or as a guest . I called & left 10-12 messages -LRB- I always got a message saying that they were experiencing high call volume - no surprise now , as I 'm sure that there are a lot of people having issues with this product -RRB- for support from 11/29 till today -LRB- 12/22 -RRB- . They returned 4 phone calls , all when I told them NOT to return my call . `` Luckily '' I was here for their last call an hour ago , but they just said that `` there was a bug in their software & they could n't fix it , that I would have to send an E-mail to their support for a refund '' - let 's see if I get one -LRB- $ 39.95 + $ 18 S/H -RRB- . M2M is absolute garbage . I have never had such a poor product or one with such poor support . I highly recommend NEVER going near this product .
 I used Move2Mac to migrate my Windows sytem to my new iMac . Everything worked as it should . However , this software is licensed for one-use only . Detto does not disclose this anywhere on the box -LRB- surprise -RRB- . It will not allow you to install it twice . So , consider connecting Ethernet to Ethernet before buying this product . It is rather expensive considering you will only use it once .
 I bought this program chiefly because I had lots of MP3s that I wanted to move to my new iBook from my old PC . I was also glad to get my documents , pictures , etc on the new computer , but what I wanted most was to avoid re-downloading all that music . So of course , I got Move2Mac to move everything except my music . It did not appear to recognize that I had anything in my music folder on my PC , and therefore did not move the hundreds of MP3s . I tried everything I could think of -- and spent a good few hours on it -- and then gave up . Considering that they advertise that it moves everything including music files , I was pretty annoyed . I do n't know whether others have had this problem ; maybe I 'm the only one . But if you mostly want to move music , there is probably a better and less expensive way !
 I should have read the others reviews . This software does not handle multiple identities and multiple users for the same computer . My computer was a mess after using this software . NOT WORTH THE MONEY !!!!
 I have a LOT of experience on PCs as well as Macs . The PC part of this product is poorly written and it fails if it has a problem with a file - it wo n't skip and continue . The tech support people are unhelpful . This purchase was a complete waste of time . Even if it worked `` once '' it 's too expensive and as others noted , you ca n't reinstall it . I bought it originally thinking , ok it 's pricey but it 's my daughter 's graduation present and we are going to be 300 miles from home and I do n't have time and this should be fast . One less thing to think about on a busy trip right ? Well . . we spent a day trying to use this product and then giving up and doing it ourselves.If you are a non-technical person go to a retail support depot and pay for the migration . Or go into the Apple store and ask for help if there is one nearby . If you are technical , you are much better off to buy a generic USB bridge cable for less than $ 30 , or use an external USB hard drive for an intermediate copy -LRB- my preference -RRB- or use an Ethernet connection between the machines.Differences between Windows NTFS and Mac file systems might cause some issues with copies . HFS + / UFS , HFS + , and UFS each have different limits on restricted characters , case sensitivity and long file names . Check to see what file system is on your Mac and read up on compatibility . To copy from Windows to external hard drive in bulk consider Windows Xcopy command -LRB- set switch to ignore errors -RRB- instead of the graphical drag and drop which fails if there is an error . If you need to shorten file names , a free program called Shorts from Greggman is very handy .
 I wish that I had an opportunity to read something like the following before I purchased Move2Mac last week .1 . Before you buy and download or break the seal on a box of Detto 's Move2Mac , read this first .2 . Do you need Move2Mac ? After being unable to move files with this software , I tried to do it manually . I moved iTunes files , photo/video files , and word processing files from an old Windows XP/SP3 machine to a new iMac using a USB flash drive and the import functions of Apple Snow Leopard and application software . For other types of files , try a file moving test . For more information , see `` Switch 101
 After reading the laudatory and critical reviews of this product , I decided to buy it . Having been forewarned , I followed the instructions extremely carefully , word for word , letter by letter , only to see the transfer crash after running for about 15 hours . I then followed the troubleshooting guide , word for word , and the system refused to respond . I even got a second copy from Detto 's technical support , which , in turn , also failed.Eventually , I moved 90 % of the files by simply burning them to a DVD and copying them , or in following the applications instructions -LRB- E.g. , Intuit 's Quicken for Mac -RRB- to carry the files over on a thumb drive . And , to no one 's surprise , it was n't possible to transfer Outlook 's addressbook or mail files through ANY procedure , even to Microsoft 's own Entourage e-mail client , which is Outlook 's counterpart in the Microsoft Office for Mac suite -LRB- what does THAT say about Microsoft ?? -RRB- . This product simply is n't reliable , and the functions it performs can be done easier and cheaper with the tools you already have -LRB- a DVD burner and a thumb drive -RRB- .
 This software does not do everything it claims on the front of the box.Read the small print -LRB- Inside the box -RRB- and cross your fingers . Forget callingcustomer support . Even the supervisor will not return calls when promised.They really do n't care about you at all ! This is a very dodgy outfit . I wish orrather hope the people who run or own the company would find out whatis happening in customer services and support . This really is the worst productand support level I have ever experienced in my life by such a long way .
 The product advertises that it transfers the average person 's files from their PC to the Mac in 15 minutes . That is a joke . I had about 100 photos and 1000 MP3 's -LRB- which I do not think is that far above average -RRB- and my estimated transfer time was 550 minutes . For the price it almost would have been worth it just to spend the time burning everything to CDs.Note that this product does not transfer programs , only your files . So you must install each program that you wish to transfer files of onto your Mac as well.I also had some issues of connecting both laptops to the internet and tried to opt to do the telephone option for verifying the license code . I waited on the phone for over half an hour to talk with a representative before I finally gave up.Before starting the project , make sure you have a lot of time to allow the files to transfer as you can not shut down either computer during the transfer time .
 I wish I could give it a zero star , I have never seen such a junk software , I think this was designed early 90s , it took me about 10 hours to figure out how it works , tech support is -LRB- 0 -RRB- , It will not work with wireless printers , image in how out dated is this software , on package says 30 days money back guaranty < I called they said if you buy directly from us , but you know if you buy software from electronic store and open it you ca n't return it so it goes my $ 180 dollar down the drain , stay w way from it save your money and headache .
 Software installed fine . Looks like it ran backups . I went to test a full image restore out , plop in the cd and watch it boot to a blue screen of death , machine_check_exception stop error . Been looking on the web and seems like it does n't support sata drives . I ca n't actually confirm this as two e-mails to support -LRB- about 5 days has elapsed since initial e-mail , 3 days for second now -RRB- resulted in no response . Also waited in their online support queue for 5 hours -LRB- 2-3 hours being at `` you are next '' -RRB- and got no response .
 A few months ago I used Ghost 10 to back up my C drive to both a second internal hard drive and to a 200 gig external Seagate drive . Well I needed to recover that C drive this week and neither of my backups were able to restore the C drive to operating condition.It also made Outlook unstable , forcing me to reboot frequently .
 I was/am a happy user of Norton Gost v9 . It has saved my butt on more than one occassion . I assumed that upgrading to version 10 would improve things . I was mistaken.Most of my focus is on the recovery environment . This is what you boot into with the CD if you need to recover from a total hard drive disaster . My net experience is that it does not work properly in version 10 -LRB- it does in version 9 -RRB- . Basically , when I use the recovery environment , it will not `` see '' the USB drives I used to backup my fixed hard drives to . That means the backups are useless to me . I have tried it with two different external hard drives , the results are the same . Whereas version 9 works fine , version 10 refuses to `` see '' them.Another flaw is in hard drive driver support . With version 9 it was obvious that I needed to load additional drivers during a boot to the recover environment , due to the SATA hard drive set up on my Dell 8400 . With version 10 , it looks like it has support for such on the CD , but the drives seem to be flawed , causing a blue screen of death about 50 % of the time and windows resetting itself to an earlier `` good configuration . `` I e-mailed tech support 24 hours ago with my issues . No response . I 'm hopeful that I can get my money back , even though I bought Ghost as part of a pacakge with Internet Security.BradCambridge MA
 Warning -- requires an internet connection to `` activate '' . Warning -- the manual makes it sound like you can recover your whole computer as it was , after losing a hard drive -LRB- in addition to recovering files and folders like any backup program -RRB- . You will find out too late that this is not true , you need to know how your system was partitioned before you lost it , and need to partition your new drive that way yourself before recovery if you want things as they were before . Ghost will not simply Recover your hard drive as it was . Be sure you keep notes on how your system is partitioned along with your backup records . Inexperienced users will not be able to deal with this very well . If the packaging and/or manual had simply warned the user that partition info is not saved or recovered I would not be nearly so annoyed.Its ordinary recovery of files and folders seems to work ok , but it is not very flexible in terms of having multiple backups defined with incremenals . You can have one set with incrementals , and any other `` independent '' backups have to be complete ones .
 I bought Ghost 10.0 with the intention of setting up a system of backup for my notebook . I performed trials for my own peice of mind . Here are the conculsions :1 . Installing ghost causes my pc to crash during boot approx 50 % of the time . Continuos re-booting is the current work around . -LRB- check symantec support for this ! -RRB- .2 . Sometimes ghost jams while it is trying to create a restore point . - You have to manually cancel the attempt and re-initiate manually .3 . Ghost is supposed to be able to see an external USB drive . While in windows , the backup software finds it , no problems . However , the recovery environment fails to find it 9/10 times . If the HDD you intend to recover to has data already on it , Ghost recovery environment will not see your external HDD . This means you ca n't restore , if you 've failed once before .4 . On the occasions when I could get Ghost to see my External HDD , the recovery process corrupted the registry and showed a warning saying '' ... you might loose some data ... '' . When in fact , the restored HDD images fail to boot . - Blue screen during driver load.I would stay away from this product . It is a waste of money and time . Symantec relies upon it 's customers never actually encountering a disaster that puts their products to the test .
 One of the great gotchas of shrink-wrapped software is what the manufacturer does n't tell you but you really need to know way , way before you scan their website to figure out why the bloody thing did n't work as it should.Norton Ghost is a good case in point.It 's so disappointing to see a company listing bugs on their website that have been around for years ... yet they fail to provide downloadable bug fixes for.What the buyer gets instead ? Technotes and workarounds that are not always clear -LRB- yeah , I know , what else is new -RRB- or that fail to give key bits of info due emphasis -LRB- like telling users that Copy Drive requires source and destination drives to be the same size BEFORE they try it -RRB- . So you really need to do your homework on this package before buying it , let alone using it .
 GHOST when it works is great but it 's like living with a tiger
 In earlier version of Ghost , you could create a bootable floppy and run a standalone backup . That allowed you make a `` forensic '' quality backup of a hard drive to CD-R , DVD-R , a ghost image on another drive , or a disk-to-disk backup . It even let you change the partition sizes during a restore . In Ghost 10.0 , you no longer have a standalone backup capability.I purchased Ghost 10.0 so I could back up a Linux system . Symantec 's literature claims that you can back up Linux ext2 and ext3 file systems using Ghost . When I discovered that you can not do this without first installing Windows , I called customer support . By the way , you have to have a Visa card in hand to talk to someone in customer support . They confirmed that the only way to back up a Linux system is to install Windows , then install Ghost inside of Windows . Duh ! Oh , and Ghost 10.0 only runs on Windows XP and 2000 . Why not provide backup capability from the bootable CD-ROM ? It appears to me that the purpose of forcing you to install the product in Windows is so they can enforce their Product Key licensing scheme . You can only use the product key on a single Windows installation . Once you use the key , you can not reinstall it on another system . If you do n't activate the product , you ca n't do backups . It appears to me that Symantec spent more time and effort on anti-piracy than they spent on improving the product . In my opinion , they removed the most useful feature in Ghost , bar none , when they took away the ability to create a bootable floppy allowing you to run standalone backup.I will never buy another Symantec product in my life . In fact , I plan to actively discourage others from doing so .
 I have used Symantic Drive Image 7 for several years and it has saved me from several C
 The ending first for those that do n't want to read the details
 I got Norton Ghost with my new Dell PC , so I thought I would use it for backups to an external USB drive . After about 6 months of ` trying ' to use it , I finally gave up and uninstalled it . Reason , most of the backups somehow get corrupted and the software seems to have trouble working with it . Twice I removed all the partial backups and started from scratch , but again after a few weeks the backup agent would hang while doing an incremental backup.Now , the software is good for making a complete clone of the hard disk or restoring system from an image , but it does not seem to work well with incremental backups .
 I installed Ghost 10.0 with no trouble at all . I was able to setup a daily backup . On my relatively fast PC I was not able to notice any slowdowns or any problems with the memory resident software , contrary to other reports here . The memory resident software can be configured to respond to file changes and other events that can start a backup . I had all of those disabled . The problem was when I deliberately unplugged my hard disk and plugged an identical one -LRB- but blank -RRB- in order to simmulate whats a likely scenario
 Having spent countless hours attemping to make an image copy of my laptop 's c
 If I could give this product negative stars I would.Have spent three days trying to get a single file offthe backup . Symantec technical support clearly does n'tknow what the product is or how it works . If your backupspans multiple discs , then forget it.Finally had to give up and try a full recovery and blowaway all changes since my last backup . This is currentlyunderway and according to Ghost will take 23 hours tocomplete . I am only recovering around 30GB on a 55GBpartition -LRB- to recover this one single file -RRB- . Do n't waste your time or money on this dud product .
 After faithfully backing up my hard disc to recovery points for almost a year I tried to do a system restore last night . The first time failed and said that the registry entries had been corrupted . The 2nd time I went to a restore point earilier and there were still corrupted registry entries , but it worked better . Now certain programs wo n't launch , those that do seem slower . I 'm not certain that reinstalling the software that wo n't launch will be sufficeint to solve the problem.I do n't reccommend this software . Fortunately I had backed up my data files to an external hard drive , so if I have to reinstall Windows I 've not lost my irreplacable photos . What I ahve lost is hours and hours of time , time that I would have perfered using to create my digital art instead .
 I tried to install this software , but all I got was a major system crash and a blue screen of death , , , I could not even boot XP in ` safe mode ' , in the end I formatted my hard drive and reinstalled XP , Ghost is on its way back to Symantec ... terrible product , do not buy !!!
 Recovery CD would not boot - would only give `` Blue-screen of death '' . Symantec tech-support useless . Three days between each email volley . They gave me an FTP username and password for downloading a patch - three times . None of them worked . I gave up and will use Acronis Trueimage 9.0 . The reviews on it are excellent while the reviews I have read -LRB- after purchasing -RRB- Ghost10 .0 mostly indicate the same problems I have been having . `` Two thumbs down '' for Norton Ghost 10.0 . : - -LRB-
 The name fits well
 I should have listened to the other reviewers ... I wanted to replace my C
 Ghost 10 is a very different product than the old version of Ghost and should be called by a different name . Symantec is so paranoid of pirates that they have taken away basic functionality of the product . The ability of booting off a CD and making a backup of your drive is gone . You need to install the software in windows , and register the product , to backup a drive . Installing means another thing in your system tray taking up memory . If you want to back up the system drive you need to boot to windows , run ghost , reboot and continue . Lots of extra steps.I bought this product because the old Ghost does n't support SATA drives . I wound up replacing my SATA drives with IDE drives so I could use the 2003 version.It has added some sort of ability to do periodic backups of your system . I was n't interested in this feature and ca n't tell you much about it .
 I bought this and Norton Systemworks 6 and I 'm extremely disappointed . There have been numerous installation errors and Ghost wo n't actually run , although it does still use resources . Systemworks is almost as bad . Until I removed most of it , it hogged resources . It still adds quite a bit to the start up times . One of the features told me that it ca n't run because it ca n't find System.Dat in my windows directory , which , as far as I can tell , is n't actually a part of XP -LRB- which , obviously is what I 'm running -RRB- . I would very strong suggest that you look to other companies than Symantec for products of this sort .
 I bought this product to assist in recovery , but I tried to recover a program and it would not work . Does real well on a complete recovery but do not expect a partial . Works well on recovery of My stuff .
 A very user unfriendly software . You should be very very experienced with software to attempt this stuff .
 It really lives up to its name . Once it was installed it haunted my whole system , slowed down the computer to the speed of a snail and disabled my desktop screen . Uninstalling it did not solve the problem . The tech support person spent more than 3 hours trying to catch every trace of the ghost and deleted them from my system , repairing the corrupted areas and restarted my computer 7 times . I can just envision my computer aging by the process . I think I could have asked him to refurbish my computer . Symantec should recall these products or put a big warning label on the box . In fact my cousin sent me a link of other user with similar experiences .
 Ghost is at best a tricky software backup and recovery package . I have been unimpresed with previous versions , and from the look of v. 10 , things are not getting better ... proceed with caution !
 This software simply does not work . It supposedly provides two basic functions
 Surely , `` Norton Ghost 10.0 Computer Back-up and Recovery '' has the capacity to provide your computer with a straightforward back-up and recovery utilities . It even assumes an intuitive Windows-like interface , which makes it easier for new users to adapt to its functional tools . And , if you ever have the misfortune of encountering general system or storage failure , you will thank God for having it in place.However , as long as nothing calamitious happens to your computer 's hard-disk , this software will remain a voracious resources-parasite in your PC . It does this by drastically slowing down everything that your PC does
 Running XP Home and installation and removal was a living hell.I upgraded from Ghost 2003 which must be removed prior to installing 10.0 , but removal was incomplete and 10.0 took three trys to install . It slows down your entire system and had numerous lockups . Finally was able to remove 10.0 and reinstall 2003 . No more freezes , lockups or errors . Stay away from this product . -LRB- With the Amazon rebates I hope to only be out only $ 10.00 and 5 hrs of install/reinstall . Not recommended - Bad Product . E. Caldwell
 I installed Norton Ghost 10.0 on a new Windows XP SP2 computer and it ran successfully for three days and then suddenly locked the computer . Thinking this was a fluke , I powered off the computer and rebooted into Windows XP . No matter what settings I used -LRB- including disabling automatic backups completely -RRB- , Norton Ghost 10.0 consistently locks the computer within three hours of booting . I even reinstalled Windows XP SP2 from scratch followed by installing only Norton Ghost 10.0 in an attempt to narrow the problem -LRB- e.g. removing Norton Internet Security from the equation -RRB- . Within a couple of days , Norton Ghost began hanging the computer again.The automated snapshot facility is apparently intended to replace or supplement Windows Restore Points , but it is fatally flawed as well . Windows Restore successfully creates restore points upon installation of new software whereas Norton Ghost 10.0 seems to create a restore point anytime a mouse comes near an installation package or application with setup -LRB- and perhaps other keywords -RRB- in its name . Of course of the weekend that it was working -LRB- before it began locking the computer -RRB- , it had created over 150 restore points.The worst aspect of Norton Ghost 10.0 in my opinion is that the interface is extremely confusing whereas Ghost 2003 was at least somewhat intuitive . I have used Norton Ghost 2003 successfully for over a year , including restoring files and folders after reinstalling the operating system and -LRB- for the most part -RRB- it just works.In the end , I tossed Norton Ghost 10.0 into the trash and went back to Norton Ghost 2003 .
 I have tried numerous times to copy my 200 gig Maxtor SATA drive to a 250gig Western Digital IDE drive . Its never worked right . On 2nd use it failed completely . On 1st and 3rd attempts all data went fine , but the operating system did not copy . On switching master -LRB- 200gigMax -RRB- with slave -LRB- 250gigWD -RRB- system seemed to be booting fine , then stopped at Windows logo . Therefore , am losing valuable time and can not setup my new computer . Was planning on using the old drive as backup drive . Unfortunately it must still be the primary drive as Norton Ghost 10.0 DOES NOT WORK . I have had to re-write some programs to write data to the back up drive . Even tried booting from a 3rd drive -LRB- C : -RRB- Hitachi IDE 40gig -RRB- , and copying -LRB- E : -RRB- 200gigMax -- > -LRB- F : -RRB- 250gigWD . This caused whole thing to fail 10percent through its routine . Symantec has some cryptic note on their web page about licening issues in WindowsXP . Perhaps MicroSoft have figured out way to make Ghost not work . Who knows . Also didnt like sneeky and corrupt way Ghost 10.0 makes you log onto the internet to quote activate unquote Ghost . No where on package does it say this is necessary . WHAT IF YOU DONT HAVE INTERNET CONNECTION ? This could be a problem if your computer is crashing and you must back up fast . Bought it for $ 70 US dollars at New York City Best Buy -LRB- 23rd Street -RRB- . QuasiNerds there said they all use it and its excellent . I 've never used Norton Ghost 2003 or any other Ghost . As far as I can tell it is good only for backing up data and NOT the OS . Computer being used is a 3.0 gh IBM ultra small form factor , w 400 speed RAM .
 I am in computer field for 15 years and learned hard way that you can not rely on backup software until you actually do restore procedure . I got version of Symantec Ghost 10 and have to do a simple task
 Norton Ghost reeks of being a scam . Drive cloning simply did not work at all . I tried it several times , making sure to click copy mbr and set drive to active -LRB- it 's a laptop hard drive , cloned with a usb enclosure -RRB- . Files do transfer fine and dandy as I can see them copied . Yet to no avail would it boot up -- just froze itself . I repeated process several times in case there was some error on my part . Nope , no success . Spent hours upon hours going no where . Norton 's website is an awful mess , apparently designed by high school students , so no help there . Then I took a suggestion to try Acronis Trueimage , as it apparently was a product that could do the same job -- just used demo version downloaded from their website -- and it worked without a hitch the first time -- my cloned drive actually booted just fine , as it was supposed to . Therefore there was nothing wrong with the hardware end . Ghost simply is a scam that does not work . An investigation should be engaged for the consumer scam that is going on with this product .
 I guess the title says it all . I purchased this software to transfer my 40GB to a new 120GB and to perform backups . I cringe at the thought of having to dig out a dozen + disks and restoring my system . I spent 2 weeks trying to get this thing to work . I did everything I could and still got errors while trying to copy the hard drive . By the way Ghost took about 5 hours each time and always failed in the last few minutes of the operation . So than I went to Symantic 's maze of a website to find out what to do . I tried everything they said on the sight and nothing worked . I finally gave up and thought as long as it will backup my system to the 120GB than if something fails or happens I can restore . Well , the backup ran without error . I than caught some crazy Spyware/Trojan that Norton Antivirus could n't delete -LRB- This is very common , and you have to basically go in and get rid of it yourself -RRB- . So I started following these directions I had retrieved from the internet on removing the `` virus '' from my registry and deleting the DLLs . When I tried to reboot my system , it would n't boot . No problem , restore my back up . No dice ! The back up could n't restore because of some crazy error the system was giving me . Long story short , I fixed my system through safe mode and used the Norton Ghost disk as a Frisbee out the window . I than looked around and found Acronis 9.0 True Image . In 45 minutes it copied my drive to my 120 GB without even a glitch . Then I tested the backup/restore procedure , and it also worked . The other plus is that it only took 45 minutes to copy my drive . Get Acronis 9.0 trial version and give it a try . I think you will be pleased with the results . Also , if you need Ghost , I think there is a disk outside my house in the street you can use .
 I am running W2K Pro SP4 with all the latest patches and fixes from Windows.I have tended to avoid Symantec products and I should have continued to due so . The product installed fine as best I could tell and the system recovery seemed to be OK . So I backed up my 1st drive to my 2nd drive and all seemed OK until I tried to get the properties of the 2nd drive , Windows Explorer caused an error . I could do properties on the other drive and any of the folders I tried on either drive , but each attempt at properties on the 2nd drive was errored , whether I tried in Explorer or My Computer.I submitted an error to Symantec Support -LRB- one of the worst designed support area I 've ever seen -RRB- and got an automated response that I would be contacted in 2 or 3 days . It has now been 3 weeks and 2 days and I have not heard from them . Today I received notice that they would not be honoring my rebate request . It seems in keeping with my experience.I will be trashing Ghost 10 and installing Acronis.Anybody want to buy -LRB- make best offer -RRB- a very slightly used really bad product ?
 I periodically backed up C
 I have been using Ghost since it was version 2002 . Ghost 9 was a big change but I find the update useful . However Ghost 10 is entirely different . Everything about it just SUCKS ! Nothing works , UI , documentation , EVERYTHING ! The most basic function - restore , FAILED !!! Thank goodness I did n't throw away my Ghost 9 .
 I purchased Ghost 10 specifically because of it 's claim that it can back up to a separate hard drive through USB . Although I can see my USB HDD in Explorer and in the Computer Management screen and see that everything is working , Ghost 10 does n't see it in the destination disk drive options.Ghost 10 also puts a memory resident program on your system which I do n't want when I 'm not backing up a drive . It chews up CPU cyles and gives annoying reminders.The biggest problem I had was that it took my system down with a ` bluescreen of death ' lockup which never happens on my system . That was the last straw.I do n't have time to screw around for 20 hours trying to debug a program that is marketed as user friendly and I do n't feel like contributing my time to a company that makes poorly designed products just so they can fix it in the future . I feel pretty confident that I know what I 'm doing with computers since I 've built over 20 in the past few years and maintain a number of them on a regular basis . When I see a software product that does n't work out of the box , I now just toss it out instead of wasting my time .
 It 's a piece of junk , so save your money and some headaches . Even Dell technicians ca n't fix it . My new Dell computer had Norton Ghost pre-installed with a back-up hard drive just for cloning . It sounded like a perfect setup except my Norton Ghost would n't work . Contacted Dell three times and they supposedly coordinated with Norton to no avail . Now I 'm stuck with saturated backup hard drive that is useless to me .
 I have used this procuct in the past with great success , but Ghost 10 is useless . Symantec tech support is -LRB- as far as I can tell , been doing computers since 1957 -RRB- the worst . If you get the Boxed version It says PC Magzine September 2004 `` Belongs in every serious PC user 's toolbox . '' Think about it using a 2004 quote . In 2004 and 2005 I would agree . The 1st sys I installed Ghost 10 is a Dell XPX600 , Boot disk will not work , BackUp will not work , blue screen when backing up.Tech support directed me to web sites that do n't exist , and the sites that did come up did n't have the files NU tech listed . Dell Workstations 530 and 360 both dual processor , no games , 15,000 Scsi Raid , 4GB mem , 1GB nVidia , Dual Displays -- They Crashed and had to be reformated and reinstalled . System works 2005 expired I could n't use my Ghost 9 backups , and I kept getting virus pop ups that were generated by NU , the systems were shipped to Panama and were in Customs for over 6 mo this is not a usual event in the life of a computer , but with no tech support and my computers only starting long enough to tell me Sys Works was not up to date I reformated . I purchased -LRB- in anticipation of setting up my computers -RRB- boxed from Amazon and download from NU Ghost 10 , Sys Wrks prem , NU int sec -LRB- 2007 versions -RRB- but could n't install them . That was Mid December 2006 , now its January 19 , 2007 and still not one answer from NU that works , yes all systems are pluged in to TrippLite Smart3000RMU & TrippLite line condidtoners -LRB- 2 Batery Backup Units -RRB- , the computers lived in ST Maarten and the power was 105 to 140 volts with lots of downtime.Panama weather , people , public offices are great -LRB- Driver lic $ 24 Lic plates $ 30 for 3 years , St Maarten driver lic $ 450 for 2 years , Lic plates $ 400 yr -RRB- sailing is better in ST Maarten . Life in Panama -LRB- and I do n't speek Spanish yet -RRB- is good Norton is bad . l read a lot mostly tech books , I purchase tools , electronic gear , software , computer hardware , etc without Amazon it would be hard to live offshore , no need to go to Borders , Amazon is online 24 7 .
 I had Ghost 9 , and once set up , had no problems with it ... however , after having my computer hard drive crash and have to be repaced 3 times in the past month - I was told Ghost 9 was no longer supported by Symantec and had to upgrade to 10 . It has been a fiasco . None of the tech support depeartment seem to have a clue how to set up this program , or even its basic functions . The only way I 'm getting any support is calling Symantec in the States , asking for escalation team to call me , they then set up a time for a `` 2nd level '' agent to call me back , a process that takes about a week each time . It appears that the vast majority of Symantec agents have no knowledge of this program , and I dont even know if its set up correctly on my new hard drive , and wont for about a week - ridiculous and should not have been released if they dont know how to use it .
 I wish that I had read the reviews here on Amazon before I bought this malware at my local office supply store . All I wanted to do was make a complete copy of my Windows XP system hard drive onto external media , nothing fancy . I made sure that my hardware setup had the capability to do this and then I installed Ghost 10.0 . The user interface and included user guide was easy to use and understand . I began my first system back up , but before it was complete , an error message came up about an '' ... Internal application error
 There is nothing wrong with my existing hard drive . I am just trying to upgrade to a larger one . Everytime I try to use this program for anything , whether it is for making a disc image or just using some of the utilities , it freezes up right when it starts . The freeze is so deep that mjy whole computer locks up completely and I have to shut it down and restart it again . I have never had any other program make my computer freeze up like that . I 'm talking such a deep freeze the mouse pointer freeezes . So deep you ca n't even CTRL-ALT-DEL to restart . I have n't dealt with stuff like that in about 7 years since I had a much older computer . This product , at least for me , is 100 % worthless .
 I bought Ghost 10 , registered and activated it , used it for two backups . I tried to restore a backup today and got a message saying my trial period had ended . WHAAAAT -LRB- !? -RRB- . I ca n't get through to the activation server
 I have the misfortune of having 3 licenses for this pathetic excuse for a backup and recovery product . I recommend you read and seriously consider all the negative reviews . I recently purchased a new laptop and spent hours configuring it including partioning the disk into 4 drives and installing lots of software and personal data . Then I discovered I had a pc hardware problem . I backed up all the drives using Ghost 10 and exchanged the laptop for an identical model . I booted up on the Ghost recovery CD to restore the backups . Guess what ? It said each of the backed-up drives was invalid and had an invalid destination . Their online chat seems to be just something to humor you until you finally give up . However , I was able to discover that you agree when installing it that it can only be used on one PC . It turns out what that really means is Ghost will restore a backup only to the machine for which the backup was made . So , pity you if you have backed everything up with Ghost and your PC dies . Your backed-up data is irretrievable . Ghost wo n't even let you look at it unless it is booted up on the machine it was backed up from . In my judgement , it is largely useless for a lot of real-life backup and recovery needs . As others have said , you will likely live to regret it if you rely on Ghost to backup and recover anything critical . It was n't long before I did .
 A bad product . After I got it installed , I found that I could n't configure it to do what I wanted . Kept getting error messages , and it was n't obvious at all how to solve the problem . I thought it was backing up , but when I went to restore a corrupted file , it told me it could n't find it . Backups and finding backed-up files take forever , and when it is running , nothing else runs . To add insult to injury they offer chat help -LRB- and it was no help in this case with the guy in India who came on every 10 minutes -RRB- and they want $ 29.95 to talk to a real person . Avoid this turkey . I will never , ever buy another Symantec product .
 I 've installed and tested this for several clients . Whether backing up to a local HD or over the network , the system has worked ; I install and come back a week later to do a test verify and restore , and it 's always worked . I did have trouble once ; Windows froze up . This was probably due to poor programming combined with insufficient RAM ; it worked the second time.I do n't get why a product with mostly single star ratings like this still gets 2.5 stars . Annoying Amazon ` feature ' ! Since 60 % of Windows PCs are malware-infected , I 'm figuring most Windows PC support issues are malware-induced .
 Let 's see , where to begin ... The documentation is poorly written and the Tech Support is `` the absolute worst '' , bar none , that I 've ever encountered !!! Buyer Beware is the motto here . Steer clear of Symantic Ghost 10.0 . Worst experience I 've ever had dealing w / software and support .
 This software is a P.O.S. . It will not create a `` recovery point '' and takes forever just to crash . Do n't waste your time .
 I preferred the software when it was Disk image-partition magic as that software would allow you to resize the partition and this does not . For example my 80 gig drive was replaced with a 300 gig . I used automatic restore and when it was finished I still had a 80 gig drive with the rest as free space . Attempted manual restore and still no way to resize athough there is a option for it ... perhaps it 's just buggy but the older versions -LRB- before symantec bought it and broke it -RRB- worked just fine .
 As background ; I 'm somewhat technical . Engineering background and product manager . All I want is to backup my stupid Windows machine . -LRB- Thank god I have a Mac for work that really counts -RRB- . Anyway , I purchased this Norton Ghost and what a hassle . constant complaints that it `` ca n't create recovery point '' . How difficult could it be to copy a bunch of files to a hard drive ? Anyway , I 've tried network drives and USB drives . The Network drive was a disaster . The USB drive is 50 % better , but I do n't feel like I can count on it . My thoughts ; Norton
 Norton has given up on being a software company - their only goal now is to take as much money as possible from comsumers , as soon as the public takes notice they will change their name or sell out.After 2000 or so they moved their cust svc and other functions to India and EVERYTHING went to hell in a hand basket . People spend countless hours with software that totally sucks with support staff that has no idea and no experience . Their only trick is to keep escalating issues around the room until they wear you out and you give up .
 A trial version of this came with my Dell laptop . It seemed to work so I bought a key . It worked for a while with the key but now it does n't work at all . I will uninstall and do manual file backups .
 Semantec -LRB- Norton Ghost -RRB- has no customer service . Avoid this product or get stuck in the black hole of no support . Their 800 # is a endless cycle of music and then cuts you off , only so you have to call back to revisit the same nightmare .
 if you have xp ok , but if you have vista mite look for something that well work with it
 Do n't waste your time and money !! EXTREMELY poor product support ! 60 day return policy which they exploit by trying to solve your problems and delaying past the 60 day limit , then you 're stuck with worthless software.I installed it on my computer making a complete backup of it . Then my computer crashed and I lost everything . I thought I was covered since I just made a full backup on an external hard disk but when I tried to do a restore Norton Ghost would n't recognize my external hard disk.I spent a full day with their support people and he finally gave up telling me he had to send the problem to the next level of support and that they would call me within 48 hours . Nobody called!I bought their Extended Download service and tried to download the product again . It did n't work and after spending 8 hours online and on the phone I still have n't got a working copy . The product key they said I needed and I tried to use also does n't work . I 'm writing my credit card company next to try and get a credit but I expect the same result - NO credit back and software that does n't do what Norton said it would do .
 I wanted to test doing a complete backup / recovery , so I downloaded the trial version . You need to boot from a CD to do this , but you ca n't create this CD with the trial version . This is the chat conversation I had with support : View TransscriptPrint Copy Closechat id
 I purchased Ghost 10.0 to move my storage system from RAID 0 to RAID 5 with a popular controller by Promise Technologies . After spending many hours , I received a cryptic `` error '' message indicating Ghost does n't support my RAID controller . This is something that should be stated clearly and directly in their ads and/or on ther box but it is n't . Thinking it was something I was doing wrong , I went through many trial and error cycles , at 15 minutes per boot with the so-called recovery disk before this error turned up . -LRB- The recovery disk for XP basically loads a sub-set of the XP operating system which says it has support for my controller ! -RRB- Support emails to Symantec went unanswered.I found a suitable workaround using the capabilities of the controller itself so Ghost was unnecessary . I would have returned it but I had already opened the software and am now stuck with it.It may work for conventional storage system backup and recovery but certainly not for disk arrays . And support was totally unacceptable.Not recommended .
 I 've spent 3 days trying to get this to work . This is a Brand New HP laptop that has a fresh copy of Windows XP on reformatted hard drive with two partions . . Tech support is worthless . Read all the reviews here then you can get a feel for this product . Coming from an OLD ghost pre 2003 I was serverly disapponited.Some of the things that I did n't see people mentioning or I missed.YOUR MUST HAVE TWO PARTIONS ON YOUR HARD DRIVE OR THIS SOFTWARE WILL NOT WORKYOU CAN NOT BACK UP TO A CD/DVD . This crap needs to use the CD / DVD rom when you use your recovery boot CD/DVD . THIS SOFTWARE TAKE OVER YOUR COMPUTER THE SAME WAY THEIR VIRUS PROTECTION SOFTWARE DOES.Approx 10 services are loaded from this one piece of software . SadThis software automatic starts when windows boots with no settings to stop it without uninstalling.Symantic Live Update is also loaded and takes up a lot of ram.You can not get rid of the System tray icon which uses 21 megs of ram to keep open . There is a page where you can uncheck it but it will not stay.You computer will pop a MS-DOS window up for a brief second splash a message , and boot down your computer with no way to stop it . No one has a clue at support why.The boot recovery CD will not work with most NEW computers . You will have to find a way to load your Sata Drivers which is hard if your laptop does not have a floppy.If you upgrade to Network Frame 2.0 this software wo n't work . Apperently a required update in WindowsI doubt this covers half of the problems I experienced . Using OLD Ghost pre 2003 I had two issues in 5 years of use . I had 100 issues in 10 minutes with this software.for all you people stating your software works . I challange that . Go and see if it works . Use the Recovery disk and see if your image will work and your recovery loads . I bet it wo n't .
 Being a simple homeuser , without to much knowledge about technical computer stuff , I really would like to recommend this product . I 've ben using previous versions of Norton Ghost for years , and many times it helped me to recover my computer in case of a system crash or virus or after installing a program I could not uninstall completely . Despite that , to make a backup with the previous versions of Ghost was always a bit of a hassle . First I had to de-activate Norton GoBack , from the Windows GUI of Ghost my computer refused to restart in DOS to run Ghost which it was supposed to do and my external USB/Firewire harddisks and keyboard/mouse were not recognized from the dos version of Ghost.Whith Ghost 10.0 all these problems are solved . Reading the previous reviews , I realize I was probably very fortunate to not encounter any problem while installing Norton Ghost 10 , it installed perfectly and easy . I can now make a very fast backup on my external USB or Firewire disks , and if I start my computer from the Norton recovery CD I 'm able to access all my USB/Firewire devices , and so have access to all my backup files . I do n't need to burn my image files on DVD 's like I did before , setting my machine back to the situation before I encountered a problem on it is just a case of 30 minutes . I even do n't have to shut down Norton Go Back while making a backup file , so I 've several options if I encounter a problem on my machine how I want to restore it.And it 's great I do n't need to backup the whole disk if I changed something , all changes are covered automatically in the backup file.I really would like to recommend this product , if Symantec comes up with a good solution for the other reviewers who experienced these installation problems . I ca n't really understand how a company like Symantec can leave these customers in the dark . But as for me , I 'm very satisfied with the new Ghost .
 My copy of Ghost was working . Then I upgraded my hard drive . Ghost worked 2 times after the upgrade then I got a message saying I installed the software too many times -LRB- I did not reinstall the software -RRB- . Now all I get is a message saying I have 0 days on my trial version and a link to purchase . I have filed complaints with the California attorney general and the Santa Clara attorney general . You can do this online - it is easy . If everyone would file a complaint Symantec would be forced to stop using spyware -LRB- or whatever they use -RRB- to remotely disable a product . They should be forced to stop . If you purchase a product , you should be able to use it . If they think you have violated their agreement , they should be forced to prove it . I have a software company and I sell software . I have a very simple mechanism of preventing theft and would never think of disabling a product after receiving payment . My software is not as critical as a backup program like Ghost . If any class-action attorneys are reading this , it would be a great lawsuit since all customers have exactly the same problem with the same product . Do not use any software that installs spyware or the company can disable remotely without any notice to you . If you purchase this , you will be left with no backup and no recourse .
 Right out of the box , the installation froze in midstream . I went online 15 DIFFERENT TIMES to Symantec 's chat room and talked to 17 different foreign ` analysts ' and supervisors who kept trying to blame everything else besides their garbage software for preventing a clean installation.I tried every one of their suggestions , but could NOT get their product installed . I finally forced an analyst to work on my computer remotely , and he somehow got Ghost 10.0 installed . -LRB- why did n't the other 16 ` analysts ' offer to do that ? -RRB- He told me that the reason Ghost would n't install is because my computer was n't optimized . -LRB- why did n't the other 16 ` analysts ' figure that out ? -RRB- Now that its installed , I 've found out that the backups are n't working . It says that I 'm ` out of space ' on my hard drive , even though its got 20 gb free , and the total backup is less than one gb.I wasted three whole days trying to get this nightmare of a product installed , and just do n't have any more time to waste on it.STAY AWAY FROM NORTON GHOST 10.0 ! A few years ago , I had a very similar problem trying to install the newest version of Norton Utilities . Right out of the box , it trashed both of my computers , and I wasted a whole week talking to Norton ` analysts ' , trying to fix the problem . They were totally useless - blaming everything besides their useless product , and I wound up paying a techie over $ 300 to try to fix the problems I had . She finally told me that the only way she could get my computers back up was to deinstall Norton Utilities on both computers.I should have learned my lesson with Norton products years ago ...
 I have burned so much time on this software since buying it 1 year ago . I have never felt securely backed up at any time during that period . Backups fail without warning and e-mail notifiation does not work so you dont know when it has failed . When a backup does fail , the hyperlinks in the dialogs stop working . I have tried restarting services , re-installing , upgrading my network to gigabit speed , all to no avail . Live chat technical support was another waste of an hour while I waited for the guy to respond to me each time I typed something . The so-called knowledgebase is useless too . The only knowledge you need about this product is that you should not waste your time or money on it .
 Box says good for LLC but it does not include any 1040 forms that many LLC 's submit for tax purposes , you must buy another software program from them to get the 1040 tax forms.A Better value is the TaxCut software from H&R ; Block .
 The Item was never opened . The lisings on the box did not list the standard 1040 form , only the business tax forms . In previous years Turbo Tax for business , unlike this year included all these forms . I returned the item . I received an e-mail confirming the return on 3/08/06 . But have not received notice that the amount of the refund has been completed . Thank you .
 I purchased this product from Amazon . After spending probably 15 hours of work entering information , I returned to my computer today to find that the only information remaining in the tax file was my corporate name and address information . All income , expenses , deductions and depreciation entries were gone.I 've had no problems with my system and no failures so I 'm at a loss on what happened to all of my work . I regularly saved a fresh copy and the program itself requires that.The only thing I did other than work on the return was to file an extension , so maybe it has something to do with that , but I do n't know what ... Be very careful , there are other reports on the Turbo Tax Forum of users losing their data , even after filing their returns for this year !
 I have a complex return and lost all or some of the data twice during periond while I was entering data in the return . I am writing here after finding that Turbo Tax is heavily editing posts on their forum to minimize the problem . I have used this product for years with great success , but my confidence in its quality and accuracy are severely shaken this year .
 This program would not properly load onto my computer and I have loaded hundreds of programs over the years . A call to Kaplan resulted in them attempting to hand me off to the people who actually burn the cd 's . I wo n't ever buy anything from this company again if I can avoid it .
 This version is painfully slow . I have never complained about a software product 's performance before buying this version . Last year 's version is fine ; stick with it until Intuit addresses this problem . The new version changes the file format thus you ca n't go back after the conversion .
 In the year 2006 it is INSANE that we as IT pros still have to hack registry hives to get this software to run as a limited privilege account to better secure our computers.QuickBooks Community - Running QuickBooks 2005 as a Restricted User -LRB- Admin Rights FIX -RRB- : http://www.quickbooksgroup.com/webx?14@@.eeb323b/9When will quickbooks begin to code in a secure manner ? Peachtree does . Microsoft Small Business Accounting does.Why does Intuit require updates every few years and acts like we are still all running Windows 98 machines?Security is important these days . How about stepping up to the plate Intuit and getting with the other vendors ?
 KEA 2000 is a terminal emulation software . It allows you to run unix applications on Win2000 .
 If your new to payroll give in and buy it . I bought the standard payroll and it was much easier than doing payroll manually , especially since I 'm still trying to figure what I 'm doing . But like all the other Quickbook products , no support and every other page is a way for you to spend more money . Does not support Workman 's comp , not even a place to build your tracking and if you void a check it screws up the YTD and it wo n't let you delete a check . I have to call and pay to find out what 's wrong .
 If I could , I 'd run away from any Intuit product as fast I possibly can . Unfortunately , Intuit has us all held hostage to their mediocre product and forced upgrades . Do yourself a favor and try to use any other product except QuickBooks .
 DO N'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL !!!!! I am a QB Pro Advisor and have many QB clients . I am fairly happy with QB overall , but their payroll systems have a MAJOR SECURITY FLAW in them that everyone should know about . I lost a client over this and suffice it to say I 'm not happy . QB Enterprise Edition also has this flaw by the way , and QB does not know what to do about it . They do n't seem to care either . Apparantly , even though you can lock people out of QB payroll transactions etc. , if they have access to the general ledger , then they have access to detail payroll data . The reason for this is that QB posts the detail of every paycheck to the G/L . So if you want to prevent someone in the accounting department from seeing payroll -LRB- a typical client need -RRB- , user permissions does n't do the trick . Because even though they ca n't see the payroll transactions in the payroll module , they can see every gross payroll transaction for each employee in the general ledger !!! Great job designing this part of the system QuickBooks !!!! DO N'T USE QUICKBOOKS PAYROLL !!!!!
 got product Itransfer DVDs2 , which transfers DVDs to Apple Ipod , followed direction on the DVD and could not get product registered ... it was rejected each time I tried ... . sent 3 e-mails no response yet .
 This program was sent to me without a registration number and i had to call to get it . When they sent it , the program fail to download and when we tried again it refuse to do so . Tried to contact the company again no answer going to send it back will never buy from them again the soft ware is to diffilcult to use and not enough input from the software maker .
 `` Max and the Haunted Castle '' , `` Max and the Secret Formula '' , and `` Max and the Pirates `` The games were too easy for my 41/4 yr old . She finished finding the hidden items -LRB- 12 socks in the Castle ; 7 numbers in the Secret Formula -RRB- very quickly and then there was really nothing else -LRB- fun/educating -RRB- to do . The Max games have the potential to be much more popular with children if Tivola would add more things to do/more stories ; make them more difficult/challenging . I gave it 2 stars because it does have potential -LRB- my daughter liked Max and his inventor Uncle , Pong -RRB- . Tivola has a great thing here if they would just improve upon it . ...
 My 3-year-old daughter has discovered the computer recently , so I 've been trying to find some inexpensive yet educationally fun software for her . While the price seemed right on this one , that was where the fun ended ! Do n't waste your money , even if it does n't seem like much . True , you get 3 games , but they all stink . My daughter does n't understand anything they say because of their thick accents , and the little movie clips go on FOREVER . By the time she can finally participate , she 's totally lost interest . -LRB- I do n't blame her ... yawn ! -RRB- The games come with absolutely no directions . All in all , these Max games are a waste of money and time . -LRB- She loves Dora the Explorer ! -RRB-
 If your goal is to engage a child who is otherwise not interested in math , this maybe a good program for you . However , my 1st grade daughter loves math and is frustrated by this game . Her `` video game skills '' are not sufficient for her to play some of the games well , even when she knows the mathematical answers . I would not recommend this to a child looking for math practice .
 Only gives a small square of a screen saver . It doens ' t even take up the whole screen . The graphics look terrible . Would not recommend it at all .
 The `` screensavers '' are low quality and not worth the price , time , and money - but they get a 1 for at least not carrying a virus .
 I bought Discovering Egypt because the box looked interesting . Unfortunately , I found out after installing it on my system that it is NOT compatible with Windows XP . Their web site even says this -LRB- which I read after-the-fact -RRB- . No update is planned by them . Please be aware of that .
 There are very few Romanian Language books DVDs or CDs out there so here is one . It has some -LRB- very limited -RRB- words to introduce a child to Romanian but some of the words you will not use and there is a lack of some needed words . It has been about a year since we used this product so I do n't have particulars anymore or examples , sorry . I just looked at my old orders and remembered that I had n't written a review.This is an introduction to the sounds of the language and a few words , that is all . Do n't expect to come out speaking much . It is very basic , basic.For the reviewer above that said nothing in his review but a comment . Romanian is a romance language but it is littered with slavic because the country is surrounded by slovic countries . I believe it is the hardest of the romance languages to learn . I speak Spanish and Italian . It is closer to Italian grammatically , pluralizing words by changing the vowel on the end and using the present perfect as the past tense , etc. . Hope this was helpful to others .
 I would not recommmend this product . It is difficult to use , even for adults . Sometimes the pictures themselves were not clear so it was not possible to know what you were learning . Save your money .
 The software works . But , what they do n't tell you is that if you do n't pay an additional $ 69.95 -LRB- in my case -RRB- per year , they will stop sending you the reports showing you any of the activity you purchased the software for.Again , the product actually works , but I do n't appreciate the `` bait and switch '' tactic or rather the `` hidden fees '' required to pay an extra $ 69.95 per year to continue to receive the Activity Reports for the computer you install eBlaster on.Furthermore , they continue to send you a notice to renew the hidden annual fee instead of the usual Activity Reports until you either pay the hidden annual fee or uninstall the eBlaster software.Here 's an example of one of the notices from Spectorsoft : On Jun 20 , 2011 , your eBlaster Ultimate Care EXPIRED ! SpectorSoft does not provide Activity Report Delivery Service for customers without an active Ultimate Care membership.Please renew your Ultimate Care NOW to restart your Activity Reports by choosing one of these options : Renew Online at a special reduced price . Additional discounts for multi-year renewals.Renew by Phone
 While there have been a few minor upgrades in this version , it is nothing to get excited about . The tools are powerful but the interface is still cryptic and difficult to understand . There are just to many open window , that could easily be consolidated . Adobe 's Golive , has all the same functionallity and is more intuitive and user friendly . It works better with photoshop too .
