 ... but not enough sizes or colors . Fits true to size on my size 8-1/2 feet.Bottom soles are completely slick ... needs some kind of texturing or tread to help prevent slipping .
 Like all Clarks , these guys did n't disappoint . They fit great and look even better . For the price , I do n't think a better deal exists out there for casual shoes .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 These boots are very well made . my husband wears them for work and he loves them . They hold up well even with every day wear , got a year + out of the last pair . he also says they are very comfortable .
 This shoe is very good for a sprinter , not really for someone who runs long distance . With it having the spikes on the front it makes it hard on your calf muscles , so obviously it is meant for someone who is running on the tips of their toes -LRB- like sprinters do -RRB- . Otherwise , i feel that it is a good shoe , definintely when thinking about purchasing this item , order a half size to one whole size larger than your regular shoe size .
 Spikes are great for jumping!But for sure order half a size or one size bigger ! These shoes overall are really good ! Just dont let anyone spike the top of the shoe ... it leaves a hole !
 my daughter has just loved her track spikes . they are sooo cute ! to quote .
 They are very comfortable , but the heel ran wide . They run about 1/2 inch large , I bought a 9 1/2 and it fit like a 10 . But they are fitting when you put them on and get larger as you wear them .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 These patent leather Mary Janes are adoreable . They remind me of the nougat inside a 3 Musketeers bar , but a little pinker . I really like the non-skid sole on these shoes and the heel is sturdy , which is good since they are quite high . They fit true to size . I wish that I could get another pair in navy with white or red piping .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 comfortable , great looking sandals that seem to be well made . Time will tell if they are durable .
 I love the casual elegance of this thong . It has style , tons of comfort , and is very well made . Initially , they were kind of snug at the toe , but once I wore them a few times they began to fit me like a glove . I 've shopped , run errands , and walked all day in them all summer long . You forget you have anything on your feet . They have a very cushiony sole which feels delicious to walk on - kind of airy . I 'm going on a trip in October , and I 'm definitely taking them even though the cooler weather is here . The jewelry in the design held up beautifully - nothing fell out or came apart or needed fixing . I ordered them in a size 11 so that 's a lot of shoe . The straps across the top are secured toward the back of the shoe which all but completely removes that flip flop sound . They stay on the feet , are quiet , and are good even in the rain because of the non-skid sole . This has been my favorite thong ever , and I will definitely be ordering more from White Mtn . and Amazon !
 Great value for the money ; looks like a much more expensive shoe . Really like the bronze , it 's a `` neutral '' color that will go with anything . Perfect heel height and comfortable .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 This was my favorite pair of shoes for my little girl . She 's grown out of them , but they were well worn for the time we had them . I 'm looking for her next Ecco boots now .
 We bought these -LRB- in Navajo 4-4 .5 -RRB- for our 13mth old daughter and are quite pleased with them . They seem to run a little small , which is fine for us but if your child is on the edge of the range bump up to the next one . They go on rather easy for being a boot , tye securly & have solid soles great for walking in the woods . I dock it one star though because I wish the sides were a little sturdier , for everyday walking it 's fine but to use them outdoors -LRB- as boots were intended -RRB- they allow the ankle to fall sideways a bit .
 This is the second pair of the Ecco Infant Explorer Boots we have purchased . They fit well , are very durable and look good even after long wear . My daughter loves them and chooses them consistently over her `` cool '' running shoes , I suspect because she feels so secure and comfortable wearing these boots . Expensive , but worth the money .
 It 's amazing.Firstly , this one is not the original Gil Zero , but the Gil Zero TD , which means it do not have any technique.However , it 's the most comfortable sneaker I 've ever know . Without the expensive technique , it 's mid-sole get more soft and much more durable . And with its upper changed to the real leather , it 's became more fitable for the foot . This changes makes it even a better sneaker than the expensive original one , just for the great design of a real great sneaker , but not for the useless , for us common people not superstar , technique . And with it on the court , I found it enough coushion and it could give you more speed , excellent one for a guard or small forward.What 's more , it looks grat . Very soft color , tidy and clean . I like this style . So it could be a sneaker both for the court and the everyday life.Overall , it 's coushion is better than the Zoom Air , it 's more comfortable than any other sneakers without the soft real leather , including the original ones . If these is any other color is Amazon in this price , I will open my wallet again.I also suggest this to some of my friends who like beaketball , they would buy some too . They trust my decision .
 great shoe , fits well , looks great . wider sole than nike so more comfy in my opinion . good stability , which was made for Gil 's way of running . this is my 2nd pair so i can have a back up pair once the other one falls apart . highly recommended if available .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 I love these laces ! However , I want to mention that I was disappointed to find the laces inappropriate for my hiking boots , which always seem to take too long to lace as I 'm rushing out the door , late , to meet up with my hiking buddies . The only reason to wear hiking boots vs. shoes is to gain ankle support , and thus , elastic laces are the last thing you want . However , for any other type of footwear I enthusiastically recommend these laces.One styling variation that I like ; instead of having the loose end bobbing in the breeze I prefer cutting the bobtail longer , and then tucking it under one of the crossed laces . OK , I 'm -LSB- ... -RSB- , but very neat ! ; - -RRB-
 As a mom of two little ones , it is hard enough for me to get out the door without messing with my own shoes . I love these ! My only caution would be to wear them for a day or two and keep adjusting them before you trim the elastic . I started with them comfortable , but fairly snug and had to loosen them at least 3 times before I was happy with the result . Snug is fine when you 're moving , but when you sit still , they seem to get tighter and tighter . I ended up just tucking the end nubbin in and not trimming anything off .
 After my father fell and broke his neck , he no longer could tie his own shoelaces . The OT in the nursing home suggested elastic laces , and they are a perfect solution . Now he is able to completely dress himself , top to bottom . He 's well on his way back to independence . Hooray !
 Lock Laces -LRB- brown -RRB- This little locks are awesome . I am a nurse and wear athletic shoes . My shoe laces were always coming untied , sometimes even when double knotted . These locks keep my laces in check . I highly recommend these .
 I ordered these lock laces to use in a pair of winter boots . It has made putting the boots on a speedy process , and the boots fit snugly when the laces are locked in place . I will buy this product again .
 Got these laces for my husband 's new shoes . They were very easy to `` install '' ; the old laces were off and these were on and ready to go in a few minutes . He really likes them because they make it easy to keep the lace-tension just the way he likes it without having to loosen and tighten , untie and retie . Also , his old laces kept getting untied . Now that 's a thing of the past ! No more untied laces , ever !
 I hated my tennis shoes , I had to tighten the laces all the time , annoying to say the least . I was worried that having to use a shoe horn would be inconvenient but not at all , I bought a nice one and I can get my shoes on in the mornings really quick and go all day without having to attend to them . Lock Laces look a little hokey but whatever , nobody comments on them , maybe they think I 'm nerdy or something , most likely nobody notices at all .
 I have a special needs child whom can not tie his laces . these are perfect for him . The laces themselves are very long though , and I had to cut them quite a bit . Good length for boots or hiking shoes .
 Works as advertised , wish I could just buy the locks without the laces . I use the locks on other items , works great holding my hat on in windy weather .
 These lock laces worked well for one of my running shoes and my wife 's MBT 's . The assortment of colors is helpful as well . I will gladly recommend this product .
 I 've been wearing an old pair of stretch shoelaces on my exercise shoes for years . Keep transferring them every time I buy new ones . They showed the wear . Found these online and they are just what I was looking for . No complaints at all . I bought several other colors as well .
 These are wonderfully designed and are a perfect addition to any athlete 's gear list.Just get several pairs .
 I bought these to replace the laces on my Crocs sandals . Both laces broke because of the eyelets causing too much friction against them . Lock Laces were the perfect replacement ! You just set these up to the perfect fit and never have to bother tying or adjusting your laces again ! Great price too !
 Lock Laces are great and you do n't have to constantly untie and tie your laces every time you put on your sneakers , Just slip it up and down to unlock and lock your laces as tight or loose as you wish.I bought color specific laces to go with diffrent shoes .
 I bought my shoes from a Clarks store . I was surprised they did not sell replacement laces . I was happy to find this souce for elastic/locking laces .
 These stand up better than other types of elastic shoelaces . Once set , the lock does not slip and the shoes fit the same way always .
 This is our second pair of Lock Laces . I bought them for my son since he has n't learned to tie his shoes yet . They are easy to install and work like a champ . Great product !
 I bought these as a replacement when our new puppy chewed the end off of a similar type lace on my husband 's favorite shoes . They come with easy to follow instructions and after a few minutes all was as good as new and harmony was restored ! -LRB- shoes are now kept well away from puppy ! -RRB-
 I took a chance I bought them , He says they are very comfortable and he finds himself changing into the shoes to walk at lunch for 45 mins.Good price too .
 Good , sturdy platform for squatting under a barbell . Very firm . Laces are long enough to wrap around ankles , and back of shoe forms a fair notch to retain the laces and keep them from sliding up and off the shoes - would have been better had there been a rear loop . Shoes are better without the insoles because they put a spongy foam wedge under the heels . I replaced them with thin flat insoles from a pair of water shoes . One could cut the foam wedge and use the included insoles . There is no raised heel other than that foam wedge . They run true to size or slightly tight .
 I love these shoes . I live in Dubai where it is currently hotter than you can imagine , yet I have 2 dogs that need daily walks . I wanted something that gave me comfort and support while walking but without the heat of socks and shoes . I bought these shoes last week and have worn them every day since . They are so supportive yet comfortable , I feel like i could run in them , yet I barely feel like I 'm wearing anything ! This was my first pair of Merrells - over the week I bought 2 more pairs : -RRB-
 I ca n't wait for summer ! These sandals are fantastic , though I 've only just gotten them . Wearing them around the house I did n't want to take them off , but my toes were getting cold . . No more chafing or cutting into my little toes like chaco 's always do , but with the seeming quality that will hold up to hiking , river-going , ocean rock-hopping , traveling and any other thing I might like to do in the warm seasons without being held back by footwear that rubs , lugs , suffocates or makes my back hurt at the end of the day . They 're light , with subtle arch support and a great cushioned heel . I hope the quality holds up!I have a pair of Merrell boots that fit me in 8 , like all my regular shoes . It 's interesting though , because all my high heels are size 7 . I have relatively slender feet , and while for close-toed shoes I like a little wiggle room , for sandals and higheels I want them to fit perfectly to avoid chafing and slipping around.I got these sandals in a size 7 and they are * perfect . No extra room beyond the toe or heel with plenty of room in the straps to adjust tighter or looser -LRB- with my slender feet , i went a little tighter -RRB- . The height of straps comes comfortably below my ankle and I barely know I 'm wearing anything at all . They are the best combination of utility , comfort and subtle , basic style that looks good with everything . I win !
 In the Merrill way these are great shoes . As my daughter says , `` Merrills are a hug for the feet . '' Even though there are minimal straps they are in the right places and adjustable . These go everywhere ! I love them .
 This is my 15th pair of Merrells and my first pair of Asters . These are the best-looking Merrell sandals I have and they seem a little dressier than my other pairs - I think because the colors are softer and the straps are more narrow.Like the rest of my Merrells , these have the wonderful `` Q-form '' that allows me to walk for miles without my knees or hips aching . If you walk a lot and you have never tried a pair of Merrells -- please do yourself and try them . You will never buy another brand of shoes or sandals again .
 The Aster by Merrell is extremely comfortable with great support . I purchased them for a vacation in Chicago where I knew I 'd be doing a lot of walking . They needed NO breaking in and were comfortable from day one . I love them so much that I continue to wear them as my daily shoe of choice !
 I had tried these sandals on at a store and really found them to be quite comfortable , but did n't want to spend so much money on a pair of sandals . I was getting ready to take a trip where I would be doing a lot of hiking and walking , so I ordered the sandals ... even though they were n't any less expensive than they were in the store . I have other sandals and shoes made by Merrell and have found them to be the most comfortable footwear I have ever had the pleasure of owning and wearing . And I received the sandals in time for me trip . A great sandal . A great buy .
 Bought these for vacation for walking . Ended up wearing them the whole time . Soo comfy . Also , looked very nice with cocky pants . Need to buy another pair for the future . A little expensive though .
 To me merrell aster sandal is the best . I 've been trying to buy the sandal but it sold out every where . Iam trying to look every where for the merrell aster to see if I could find the sandal please merrel make more in black and hot pink . It will be a seller I promise with good star reviews it will sell out again.good quality it hard to pass thanks and I hope merrell could make more.The aster style make your feet look great and good.please Iam despret I love this sandal
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 Everyone likes these shoes and everyone comments on them . They are comfortable , provide sufficient support in all areas , go well with everything except my tux , and required no break-in time . The only down-side is that they do require polish.They can be worn every day , every place . They 're the stars of the closet .
 I 'm a computer guy and I 'm on my feet a lot . These shoes are lifesavers because after working on computers for 10 years I 'm a little on the portly side.I really like these shoes . I will buy an extra pair for my pet monkey . He will enjoy them too . Kazaaa !
 Having worn various models of Rockport for many years , I know there are good ones and not-so-good ones . The Coleshill actually gives my feet energy because of the excellent sole . They look great under slacks or jeans . The narrow-toe look is a bit different - it seems inspired by a running shoe or even a bowling shoe . But the comfort is universal . Thinking about getting a second pair because the price is sweet .
 This is my best shoe purchase in a long time . Sporty look . Comfortable . Perfect fit . I wear them every chance I get .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable I can wear them for work and go for a walk at lunch without my feet hurting . They feel like tennis shoes .
 Another masterpiece from Rockport . I recently purchase these shoes and I am so happy with this product . It is very comfortable . Its worth every single penny .
 Comfortable shoe , modern styling . I bought the black/black style , which I think would work well with jeans or black khakis , though not dress slacks . It 's definitely a casual shoe . My shoes are marked under the tongue `` Made in China , leather upper , balance man-made materials '' . Although these uppers are supposed to be leather , with the rest made of synthetic materials , there is an overpowering plastic smell and I do n't smell any leather .
 These shoes are very sexy and comfortable . Unfortunately , the soles ripped off almost right away and I had to take them to repair . They are durable after that fix .
 These shoes are just as fun as they look , I get lots of compliments on them every time I wear them . The quality of the materials and the packaging is wonderful , I 'm very pleased with them . My only complaint is if you do a lot of walking in them , the front base of your feet will eventually feel a little sore , but I 'm sure that could be fixed with some sort of insert .
 My sons 1st pair of pre-school shoes . Very Dapper !! He looks like a big boy !!
 Well , one cold season later i can tell that this is an exellent pair of shoes - very comfortable , good looking and durable . Too bad the price went up again as i 've bought it for around $ 20 this autumn and it does n't feel right to pay as twice as much for the same pair of shoes . Otherwise i would buy them again with no doubt . Or maybe ... who knows ... i 'll buy it for the price listed .
 They are really easy to put on our son and he loves to wear them .
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 Great boot . Seems like it ran large . I usually wear a size 9 athletic shoe and sandal but this 9 swallowed my foot whole . Maybe it 's becasue my foot is a bit narrow . No trouble returning and swapping for an 8 1/2 . Solestruck is an excellent company to deal with . Great customer service !! I love these boots !
 Great boots , BRAND NEW , no scuffs or wear marks . I could not be happier : -RRB-
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 I bought these for my 17 year old son . He saw them first on another webside , I did my own research and found the best price for these on Amazon.com . My son is very much into his total `` look '' and when he wore these to school , everyone had good comments for them .
 watch out ! These are nice shoes but you need to buy studs to use these .
 was not sure if it would have fit , but it did as i have a chassis form the f50 .8 version . Thus far it feels good and i would definately recommend the use of this product
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I think these are possibly the best shoes I own ! I do n't know how people have such a problem with them . The leather is soft and does n't rub anywhere at all . I 'm so picky about shoes and have no tolerance for `` breaking them in '' . These required none of that . I 'm on my feet for 7 to 8 hours a day , every day , and wear these almost constantly . Yea , they 're not big on arch support , but they 're ballet flats , which never have arch support . Relatively speaking , these are pretty good in that department . Cute with pants , jeans , or casual skirts . Perfect shoes - at any price !
 I love these flats ! they are comfy enough to be sneakers but dressy enough for work . Highly recommended
 i ordered these in beige and plan to get them in black right away . they 're very lightweight and comfortable , the soft leather makes the shoe fit like a really cute glove . my foot is just slightly wider than average , and i can see how a wider foot would make for an uncomfortable and unflattering fit so i would not recommend this for a person who normally needs a wider width -LRB- or for someone , like a previous reviewer , has a bunion or other foot problems that cause you to need a larger size -RRB- . as for average or narrow shoe sizes - SNATCH IT UP AT THIS FANTASTIC PRICE !
 This is a great shoe . It is well made , classy looking , fashion forward and COMFORTABLE . I highly recommend this shoe !
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I play a lot of tennis and find these shoes were initially quite tight
 My husband said that they shoe is very comfortable and he would buy them again . I thought the price was very reasonable
 Extremely happy with my purchase . Have received several compliments on the looks of the shoe . Also , they fit great !
 My husband has a pair of these shoes in brown and wanted another pair in black . I ordered them through a catalogue companyand was informed after months of waiting that the shoes were not yet available . So I surfed the web until I finally found theshoes available via Amazon through Shoe Mall . It is very difficult to get shoes that fit and the Ultra-Walker Men 's Quick GripWalking Casuals have proven to be excellent . My husband always had problems getting comfortable shoes and afterhe was diagnosed with PD which created difficulty in walking we found these sturdy well made shoes which are goodlooking to boot . -LRB- No pun intended -RRB- . Thanks to Amazon 's prompt service he finally has his much needed shoes .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 Los mejores zapatos de futbol que he comprado en mi vida , funcionan perfecto para cesped artifical , cesped natural y piso duro.Lo recomiendo 100 %
 I was amazed at how comfortable these shoes are , they can be worn all day with out any foot pain . I bought a pair in silver and the material is more shiny than in the picture , which I was not crazy about . I am keeping them anyway because of how good they feel .
 I ordered these shoes on a whim , and they are the cutest most comfortable shoes I own . I get compliments on them all the time !
 These really are the most comfortable shoes i 've ever owned ... bordering on sneaker-comfortable . I still to this day can not believe how comfy these shoes are . I have two pair and am in the process of saving for my third pair . I do n't know what i 'll do if I wear mine out and ca n't get replacements . Bravo Anne Klein !!!
 This is a nearly perfect shoe . It fits well , is comfortable , and can be worn with many different colors . I would love to have more in additional colors .
 I love these shoes . Have n't gotten to wear them yet , but looking forward to it .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 Los mejores zapatos de futbol que he comprado en mi vida , funcionan perfecto para cesped artifical , cesped natural y piso duro.Lo recomiendo 100 %
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 Please bring this shoe back into production . Comfortable , well designed , looks great , nice color selection , normal tread wear . The dark color one is fantastic . I managed to get a second pair before they were all gone .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 These shoers were for my daughter . She loves them ! As long as she is happy with them , I am happy with them . Adidas has done a great job with supplying kids shoes for athletics . That is the only kind of shoe , we as a family will wear . Keep up the great work Adidas !
 I have a great satisfaction of this product , my son it is very happy , your description and images show them be really
 The price was perfect for a brand new cleat . It was n't shipped as fast as another competitor and was delayed by 1 day . However , the price made up for the time of delivery .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 I 've used Shoe Goo for years on many pairs of shoes , and it works quite well most of the time.Pro - Inexpensive . Easy to apply . Durable . Lasts a long time . Dries fairly quickly . This stuff just works.Cons - Can peel away if not applied evenly , or after a long time of heavy use . Can be messy.The bottom line is that this product works as advertised , and is well worth the cost .
 Bonds sole of shoes well , but it was difficult not to get the glue on other parts not intended to be glued .
 I have been using Shoe Goo for years to extend the life of expensive running shoes.It just works ! ... and the price is right !
 I have a convertable top on my car and about three years ago noticed a tiny , half inch slit from wear and tear . Seeing as how a new convertable top cost over $ 1000 i looked for other options . a friend suggested Shoo Goo.For the past three years i have been keeping the small hole patched with Shoo Goo . the hole has not increased in size in three years . the color blends into the color of my convertable top -LRB- black -RRB- alsoThis little $ 5 tube of `` goo '' has saved me over $ 1,000 . needless to say , i am EXTREMELY happy with this product
 this stuff has really extended the life of my skate shoes ... and it also has worked to repair some old slippers that had come apart . this is great buy for any skater for sure .
 My tennis shoe sole was peeling . I applied some shoe goo and the problem was solved . I glued the sole back on and let it dry 24 hours . Next day the tennis shoe was good as new .
 It was good enough for the work it was required to do in a reasonable manner and at a very low price . Not the best though of the more expensive products out there .
 I recently purchased a fairly expensive pair of dress shoes . Unfortunately , after wearing them twice , the soles on both shoes almost came completely off . I had purchased the shoes online for a discount and was unable to return them . I started researching different adhesives that might help me and discovered SHOE GOO . I was amazed at how well the material worked . I have worn those shoes many times since applying SHOE GOO and have had no more problems with the soles . Just be sure that when you apply the material you allow plenty of time for it to dry -LRB- 24 hours is ideal -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 I used this for a pair of shoes that came apart in the washer and it works pretty good.It 's a bit of an art to apply it and make it look good , but this is about as good as it gets .
 This product works well and the seller shipped it in a reasonable time . I used it to repair two pairs of expensive shoes and the results are good .
 Worked very well in every single instance . The odor was awful so I recommend to use a mask when using this product .
 We seal the sole to the uppers which also waterproofs the area and keeps the sole from breaking away , which is what happens when you wear the sneakers in the wet grass .
 It worked for me just like the description said it was going to . I am glad i made the purchase .
 This really works for covering Speedplay cycling pedals cleats . I tried it on sneakers and it wore off pretty fast . Great for the cleats . Lasts for months . Easy to use , but close tightly so it wo n't dry out . Use in well ventilated place . Do n't buy more than you can use in a year .
 I used it and I am happy , the price was not better than store , but it worked for me . ok
 I saw this product first on YouTube and was very impressed by how easy it was to mend shoes . After I bought it , I tried it on a heel that needed a repair . It was so effective and durable , after 2 months the missing outer edge of the heel that the glue had replaced is still in place , and looks better than the other heel -LRB- it needs a glue layer too by now -RRB- . The clear color blended well into the sole , and you can &#8217; t tell it &#8217; s mended . Better than the black color glue I guess , since that would for sure stand out .
 This shoe goo clear is exactly as described , rather large tube , about the size of a regular toothpaste . Dries pretty fast , Quite potent smell and vapors though so use in a well ventilated area & be careful around children and babies . Just my personal two cents . A +
 product has been proven over many years -LRB- 20 years -RRB- arrived before expected arrival which was great as I had not ordered in a timely manner . ALways have a positive experience with Amazon and recommend it to others .
 The shoe goo is terrific . I wear new balance with a 1 '' lift that costs almost as much as the pair of shoes . New balance says the shoes need to replaced every three months . I had to find a way to make the shoes last since I am a overpronator . Shoe goo does the job . There is a down side , since you need to wait 72 hours before wearing the shoes .
 This stuff will save you hundreds of dollars in shoe repair ! Save every pair of shoes in your closet that has lost its sole , peeled off it 's lining , cracked a heel , you name it ! I have fixed 3 pairs of shoes so far , and I 'm just getting started . Wonderful goo !
 I USE THIS STUFF ALL OVER THE HOUSE.IT HAS SO MANY USES AND IS SO STRONG.I ALSO RECIEVED IT DAYS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE .
 I used this product to reattach a sole that was coming loose on my Muck Boots . I have worn them several times since and it seems to be firmly attached . I also used it to seal holes and repair split seams in a pair of cheaper boots and it worked for that . It seems to stick as well and be as flexible as Aquaseal but is thicker and cheaper . Aqualseal will flow into small crevices and give a smoother repair than Shoe Goo . I put Vaseline on the threads of the tube so the cap does n't stick .
 I been using it for many years and put Shoe Goo preventatively on the rear outside corner out shoes where most of the wear happens and sometimes the toe area . It extends the life of my shoes many times . I use Shoe Goo for mending things in addition to shoes . It plugged a hole in my inflatable pillow and I use it as adhesive in other situation where a small amount is needed . It is cheaper at the store when you include the shipping cost -LRB- about $ 4 at CVS and a little tax -RRB- , but I needed it where there were no stores nearby . Product came very fresh dated . Cost about $ 9 with shipping .
 I have a pair of favorite old work boots that are now 13 yrs . old . The sole has come away from the leather section of the boot and Shoe Goo fixed it perfectly !! I 've used Shoe Goo on other shoes before and it is just a miracle how this stuff works.I 'd recommend this to anyone wishing to save a favorite boot/shoe that has it 's sole separating .
 I 've used Shoe Goo for over 20 years ... still the best stuff ... I goo my running shoes after every run ... and have used goo to fix everything from chairs to toys to kitchen broken things ... awesome stuff ...
 The Shoo Goo arrived quickly and has done a great job repairing three pairs of shoes that I would have otherwise had to throw away ! Thank you !
 Once a person realizes how to use this goo , its advantages and disadvantages , I consider it indispensable . I always try to keep a good sized tube of this around .
 This is a good product if you have shoes that are worn at the heel but are otherwise still in pretty good condition . Instead of throwing them away and buying a new pair , this will save you money by rebuilding the worn heels and other areas . You can get some more mileage out of the shoe . Be sure to apply in a well ventilated area because the goo stinks , but it 's okay once it dries .
 Not exactly a shoe saver ... but definitely prolongs shoe life if you need to . I had a shoe sole split on me and plugged it up with this stuff and it does the job flawlessly . I also glued my soles back onto my favorite sandals . It 's even good on fabric . Patched up a worn section on my Timbuk2 messenger bag.You should definitely put the shoe goo on and leave it for a good long time . I suggest you shoe goo whatever item it is before you go to bed so I has a good 6-8 + hours to set first if you need to immediately use it . Longer than 8 hrs is always better . If the patchjob is on a high wear/flexible area of your shoes , consider a large patch that covers the area well around it -- flexing may break the patch again.But I still highly recommend it . This stuff is way cheap . Saving two pairs of shoes has already paid for itself !
 This stuff does exactly was it says it does , revives and gives extra life to shoes and boots . I used it to rebuild the sole of my favorite pair of boots and they are doing great .
 I have used this on more than 6 pair of shoes . The Shoe Goo has held . Other places came loose , but not where I had applied the glue .
 Was able to save my fav . pair of boots with this . jUST could n't find another pair to replace that one . Very happy about it !
 This product works great just as advertised . Important to work on clean dry surface would recommend prepping with acetone before use.Customer service from Shannon at Toby 's tool shed was fantastic.They went out of their way to make this customer feel business was really appreciated , highly recommendproduct and service is unmatched !!
 The glue was easy to apply . My boyfriend attached it to his boots which were coming apart in some places ... Unfortunately the spot needing to be fixed was n't one that could be fixed and the fix did not stay
 We always use this to support shoes that we love . Glad to still find it somewhere . The price is also right
 Instructions : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Make sure your Goo purchase is recent . The shelf life in your garage is not long . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Have both the shoes and Goo at room temperature . There are handling and curing problems if you deviate from this ideal . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Lay out more newspapers than you think and get a few paper-towels handy . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Buy a big bag of rubber bands unless you have quite a few sizes already -LRB- important -RRB- . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Using a small wire-brush -LRB- toothbrush style is best -RRB- clean out the area to be glued . Do this outside . Get out all the dirt and sand , and also rough-up the surfaces . You ca n't glue to dirt , and any little pebbles will be in there forever . Shoe must be completely dry -LRB- place held open over a heater vent for 24-hours if need be -RRB- . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Goo glue it up . Be generous , but not too generous . Be particular careful to fully coat both surfaces at the edges of the shoe . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Rub the outside surfaces to squish the Goo around inside the sole . -LRB- 8 -RRB- Start putting on the rubber bands . You need a lot . Space them every quarter inch or closer on the glued edge . -LRB- 9 -RRB- The shoe parts have a tendency to open up , even with the rubber bands , so check again in 10 and 30 minutes . Add more rubber bands if needed . -LRB- 10 -RRB- Let sit inside for 24 hours . Or more.Voila ! Fixed shoes.I clean my fingers with paper towels . You might try something nastier , if you want.PS
 There is a large family of Goop adhesives , `` All Purpose '' , `` Automotive '' , `` Craft '' , `` Household '' , `` Lawn and Garden '' , `` Marine '' , `` Plumbing '' , `` RV '' , `` Sport and Outdoor '' , and `` Wood and Furniture '' As far as I can tell , all are identical . So , I suggest buying the cheapest . In the local hardware store , `` Household Goop '' is usually the cheapest . At the time of this writing , `` Plumbing Goop '' is the cheapest on Amazon . Caveat , there is a black version of `` Shoe Goop '' . SHOES AND OTHER LEATHERUse fresh `` thin '' Goop . Apply a thin layer . If you are trying to glue a large surface , such as all or most of a sole , it is best two apply Goop to both surfaces -- but as thin as possible . A wooden `` popsicle stick '' may be useful to spread the Goop . In most cases you need to clamp the layers together . There are a wide variety of clamps available for woodworking which may be helpful in specific situations . If you happen to have a solid-wooden shoe stretcher , it may be helpful in clamping . As with woodworking , firm clamping is important , but clamping too hard causes problems . In some cases , you may be able to get by with clothespins and heavy rubber bands or blue painters tape . In anycase , it is essential to let the glue cure for at least three days before using the shoes . I recommend waiting a week . I 've used Goop to repair leather watch bands and belts.IN GENERALGoop will bond virtually any material , including leather , plastics , glass , and metal . The bond is clear , very strong , waterproof , and hard but flexible.OTHER USESExamples are endless . In addition to the examples below , I 've used it to repair ceramic plant pots and shoes . I also use it to seal rust spots on my dishwasher rack . The Goop it also makes a `` cushioned '' surface that will prevent scratches to dishes . I use Goop to close small holes in window screens . I 've used Goop to seal holes in air-mattresses . ELECTRICALGoop is far superior to electrical tape for splicing wires , re-insulating cat-chewed wires , waterproofing and vibration-proofing electrical connections . There is a black variety of `` Shoe Goop '' if you want your repair to be less noticeable.PLUMBINGGoop is great for sealing small leaks -LRB- including garden hose connections , etc. -RRB- . However , you have to turn off the water , and the connections must be absolutely dry . Moreover , it takes several days for Goop to dry to reasonable strength . If you turn on the pressure before then you will make a water balloon . It 's better to wait a week . Moreover , it may take several applications to get a thick enough layer of Goop to hold against normal household pressure -- so a sink , toilet , etc. may be out-of-commission for at least three days waiting for the Goop to dry.SHORTCOMINGS1 -RRB- An opened tube thickens quickly . Store open tubes in a small glass jar with a tight metal lid . Old thick Goop does not work well for some uses -LRB- such as repairing shoes -RRB- , but is perfect when you need a thick application -- such as insulating an exposed electrical connection or to hold pressure in a leaking water line . It is best to start with a thin layer from a new tube to maximally bond to the surface2 -RRB- Until it dries , Goop flows , alot . Therefore a thickly-applied layer may dry to a very thin layer -LRB- because most of the glue has flowed somewhere else -RRB- . So , it may be essential to apply several thin layers -LRB- at intervals of 4 hours or longer -RRB- rather than one thick layer . Alternatively , you can apply a thicker layer of old thick Goop over an initial layer of new Goop . If possible , arrange the pieces you are gluing to minimize flowing , i.e. , usually horizontal . For several hours , depending on the temperature etc. , the glue is `` repositionable '' after thickening a little , that is , you can push it back into place . Unfortunately , if you use too many layers or `` reposition '' the glue too much , the result is not as attractive .3 -RRB- Except when still tacky -LRB- when it can be removed with naptha or acetone -RRB- , Goop is essentially non-cleanup-able . So , for example , while it might be terrific for fixing a leaking windshield , if you mess up and your application is ugly , there is essentially nothing you can do about it . Although Goop is terrific for repairing a broken ceramic statuette -- if a little extra oozes out , there is no way to clean it up the excess . You could simply peel/rub-off excess silicon glue . You could simply wipe off `` white glue '' and clean up with a moist paper towel .4 -RRB- The fumes are strong and toxic . Allow glued items to dry in a well-ventilated area -LRB- ideally out-of-door -RRB- for several days . When doing alot of gluing , I work in my carport with a large utility fan blowing the fumes away -- and still usually get a nasty headache . It is best to use gloves when working with Goop.TO GOOP OR NOT TO GOOPWhile Goop is truly miraculous -- there are situations when other types of glue are better choices.White Glue
 This is a terrific item to keep just about any sensible shoe and sandal bottom from wearing out too quickly . I 've had great success with it.Unless you are going to doctor-up a lot of needy shoes , athletic ones in particular , at one time , buy the smaller Shoe Goo size . Shoe Goo stored over an extended period of time loses most of its potency .
 I have used this stuff for years for fixing about everything . A few of the things I have used it for are ; gluing china together , carpet that is frayed-I cut off the loose strands and run shoo goo along the edges and nobody can even see it -LRB- clear -RRB- , a vacuum cleaner housing broke last week where the part the brush is in attaches to the rest of the vacuum-someone put a way to short of belt on so housing broke , right now I have a snow broom that is much to flimsy -LRB- especially when it is below 0 degrees -RRB- for cleaning off cars that handle broke off the broom part . It is drying now . I origionally purchased shoo goo to build up the heels of my shoes that had wore off . It works good for that as long as I get the heels real clean , it ca n't stick to dirt . In other words this stuff works to glue almost anything together -LRB- within reason -RRB- . The list is endless of what I have used it for . By the way fixing stuff like the vacuum and broom just putting on the surface that is broken is n't strong enough you have to build a bit around them because there is so much stress on them . I have never seen it in black and not all hardwares carry clear . It will thicken so it 's hard to get out of the tube after a few months and as it says in the instructions on the package it comes in , it is a good idea to run some vaseline or some other sort of petroleum jelly around threads of the tubes or it will be difficut to get the cap off the next time you want to use it .
 This stuff works !!! It has saved me from having to buy new skate shoes every few months !!!
 Bonds t-i-g-h-t . Have kept my sandals functioning down here in Mexico by repairing just about every strap and contact point . There are no size 11 shoes down here period . They stop at number 9 U.S.Unbelievable holding strength and unlike epoxy if you manage to somehow break loose one side of the repair from the other the goo is terrifically elastic - SNAP!Would rate a fifth star but for its rather short -LRB- 1-year -RRB- shelf life . One year may be a lot where you can find it easy but down here it is a 520 mile round trip drive.I am going to try fitting extra tubes into the refrigerator vegetable bin and keep them at 40F and see if that does n't make the stored product last longer.Also , smear a gob of vaseline petroleum jelly into the inside of the cap so the glue does n't sieze the cap after it 's first use .
 Really great adhesive power and remains flexible forever . I have tubes in the shop and in the house .
 I 've been using Shoe Goo for 30 years to glue/bond/seal just about anything to anything
 By far the finest product I have ever used to repair latex and vinyl . Most glues will not bond to these substances , Shoe Goo worked PERFECTLY the first time . Works on hard-to-repair halloween masks as well . If you want a product that is SIMPLE to use and will work right THE FIRST TIME right out of the package ... BUY SHOE GOO ! You will not be disappointed ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 This stuff really works . My father in law gave my husband some a couple of years ago . I was looking to buy some more but could n't find it anywhere . -LRB- They use to sell it at walmart -RRB- It works great for repairing the sole on shoes . It also works on other things too . I used it to fix a crack in some plastic . It dries clear and somewhat hard . We have used it on rubber bottomed shoes and on hard bottomed shoes like boots . Works fine on either on .
 i just started using on my tennis shoes . i play a lot of tennis
 The bottom of my shoe had separated . Had heard about this product from other people . Tried it and the repair worked .
 been using shoe goo since my son was a skateboarding teen . still the same !! better than throwing away otherwise good shoes . also keeps new shoes from becoming old ones fast !!!
 My wife purchased a pair of rubber soled walking shoes . Would you believe the sole on both shoes opened an the center and needed to be reglued . took them to a local shoemaker and he wanted $ 22.00 plus tax to repair ... No I said ... I went to Amazon and purchased Shoe Goo for much less and reglued the soles my self . It worked well . Others suggested that I have plenty of rubber bands availabe and I did and used them to hold the soles in place during the bonding process . I give the product 5 stars .
 This stuff can extend the life of a pair of shoes , waders , rain gear , or a punctured bike tire , my most frequent applications . For shoe soles , has worked best for me to apply several thin coats , allowing complete drying/hardening between coats -- does not peel off quite so quickly as one thick layer which tends to get scuffed off all at once . Reliable patch adhesive & hole filler for patching bike tubes and leaky waders -- works better than the rubber cement typically supplied with a patch kit . Agree with other reviewers that it 's better to buy several smaller tubes , as it does dry out in the full-size tube faster than I can use it . Trick to removing from your hands or other places you do not want it is to rub with petroleum jelly -LRB- e.g. Vaseline -RRB- BEFORE it dries -- should easily , quickly dissolve it .
 this stuff is messy but great , i fixed the heel on my pink suede boots , , , , i am so happy takes one day to dry clear , , now i am back in style and cute , worth the cash , , , it really works
 I used this to repair a pair of shoes and so far the glue has been holding strong . When it dries it is still slightly flexible making this the perfect product for fixing shoes .
 Ok so I did a great buy . The last time that I needed to fix my shoe I took it into a shoe repair and it fell apart after the first time I wore them . This time believe it or not my supervisor mentioned this product and I totally did n't believe her . It is the greatest thing invented . It was an afternoon project with my husband to fix 2 pair off wedges and man did this thing work . I love it . I would recommend it to anyone .
 The Shoe Goo is just what they said it was good for and more . I use it to repair many items around the house which includes my photographic gear . The strength of this glue is astounding .
 Great product ! When my sneakers start to lose their soles , I reach for the Shoe Goo . Makes a permanent repair that stays flexible . Saves me from buying an expensive new pair of sneaks .
 I bought this goo for my son to repair his skating shoes ; his shoes get damaged quite often . He used it to repair one pair and it did its job !!! He 's happy !
 I wrote an entire blog post about Shoe Goo and how more important it is for a running prosthesis here :[ ... -RSB- -LRB- Note
 I use this mainly for repairing my fen boots . The surface needs to well roughened and clean for it to stick well . It should n't make a difference but the black version of this seems to have worked better than this clear version for me . It is thicker than Aquaseal so it does n't go into as small crevices but it is cheaper and can be used when there is a wide gap between the surfaces , like for reattaching soles .
 Purchased this too see if it was any better than regular glue or spending any money at a cobbler to get my shoes fixed . Works pretty good , so far it is still sticking ! Only thing is it does have a strong smell so use it in a ventilated area or outside and its pretty much the same as liquid cement -LRB- or it is liquid cement -RRB- . So if you have that laying around or can find that cheaper - I would use that as well !
 I have used this product for years but have n't needed it for awhile . However , it still works great and recommend it to anyone trying to save a pair of shoes .
 This glue is awesome ! I had a pair of flip flops the broke and I was able to fix them with this that was weeks ago and they are still holding together . I expect it would work well in many uses very strong glue .
 I used this product on a pair of summer sandles that I bought last year . They were so comfortable that when then side strap broke ; I just knew I had to try and fix them . I bought the shoe goo in hopes that it would make a quick fix . It did ; so far so good . I have been wearing the sandles for about a month now and the strap is still holding . This is a great product and it really works .
 This stuff is great . I was able to repair the running shoes I had just received as well has a pair of my brother in law 's flip flops . Very strong makes your shoes built to last ... again ...
 Shoe Goo is great on soles of sneakers.I used to go through at least two pairs of sneakers in a year , but with Shoe Goo , I have been able to get at least a year -LRB- and often , more than that -RRB- . I highly recommnend this fine product .
 Fixed up my favorite shoes in one try . If you follow directions it works well . And there 's a very generous amount of glue in this tube . You 'll never run out .
 It 's shoe goo - what more is there to say - always has been an indispensible product .
 I got the clear one and fixed some old boots . First I had to clean them in the washing machine . Then I let them dry and applied the goo liberally around the boots . After a week , the goo became discolored around the toe area and started peeling . Now it 's been about a month and they are still going . I tried to build up the worn down area of the bottom of thee boot but it came off after about 2 weeks . So now iv ' e got to redo it . I recommend getting the black stuff because it holds color but the clear stuff works and if you get clear , you will see what I mean . It discolors like crazy .
 this is a specific use product that I have used for over 20 years . Unfortunatly I can not seem to find it in the original BLACK color . Shoe Goo still performs as it did in the black color but I do not care for the clear .
 A few weeks ago , I made the decision to spend a little extra than usual for a nicer pair of sneakers -LRB- I had been in the habit of going with the $ 30 - $ 40 types for years , so I figured I 'd splurge on something closer to $ 70 this time to see if there was any real difference . -RRB- Now , as with my cheaper pairs I never made it a habit to keep the receipt or the shoe box . I was disappointed this time around that I did n't keep my receipt because within three weeks , I noticed that the rubber sole started to separate from the foam -LRB- never happened with my cheapo shoes ! -RRB- It looked to me like a weak glue job so I figured that I could just glue it back . I purchased Shoe Goo here on Amazon and figured that I 'd try this before firing off an email to the shoe manufacturer.Got the stuff in the mail yesterday and gave it a shot . I used a cotton swab and applied Shoe Goo liberally so when I pressed the rubber sole back against the foam , there was some beading on the outer edges . I left the shoe weighted down overnight and upon inspection this morning , I found what appeared to be an impressively strong bond . The tube says to leave it for 24 hours-I had only left it for 13 , -LRB- and in some cases , 48 to 72 hours -RRB- but this is my only pair so I had no choice but to use them this morning.I 'm at work at this time and the bond has held firm . In fact , it looks even stronger.Now , most people would say that a review for a product like this should be written days or weeks after first use because we all want to see how the product stands the test of time . I decided that putting something up the day after would be useful because some people might want to know how well this product works in a pinch , and whether or not it 's a viable solution for people who ca n't wait very long for the glue to fully cure . I myself would be interested in how well this stuff works the very next day if I applied the fix the evening before.Well , for those of you who are interested in knowing how well this product works the very next day , I 'm going to say that this is the way to go . 5 stars.FYI
 I ordered a tube of shoe goo hoping to fix a lift in the front of my favorite pair of shoes . I had used other shoe glues before with poor results , and hoped this one would actually do what it promised it would.Luckily for me , I was able to fix my favorite heels , and a few other small issues with another pair of tennis shoes.-You will need to clamp the shoe down though in order for good contact with the sole , and the shoe . I simply piled books on top of my shoe , and it worked fine . It 's been going strong for a few months now , with no signs of parting .
 My very comfortable daily dress/casual shoes were separating at the sole and I decided to try this in attempt to save them . So far 6 months later -LRB- est 900miles of walking -RRB- the sole is still firmly glued to the shoe ! It dries really fast , turns kind of hard , so you must apply it quickly once you get it out of the tube . I 've previously tried super and gorilla glue on other shoes , and they never lasted more then a few weeks . Give it a shot , I 'm sure they 'll work out great to repair your shoes !
 I remember this product from years back , used to repair and stretch the life of running shoes . It has not changed , and still works great . I got it to repair the arm rest on my desk chair , which had a worn-out spot and had lost some padding behind the tear . Applied this in two coatings , letting the first dry 24 hours . It dries clear , so the black color of the arm rest was not changed . The repair is exactly what I needed.One of the great things about Soe Goo is that it is so THICK . When applied , it stays in a glob , but then can be spread out -LRB- use a coffee stirrer or like that -RRB- to cover the area being fixed . It then sets in about an hour and dries to the touch in a little longer , totally dry in 24 hours . Great !
 This is good stuff . I applied it to two pairs of sneakers -LRB- after a `` professional '' shoe repair shop screwed it up -RRB- , left them alone for a couple of days , and so far the Goo has stuck nicely . I 'm walking around on both pairs with no problem .
 ... almost as necessary for Modern Living as Duct Tape ! But totally misunderstood by the low-star reviewer who took the `` Goo '' to mean `` Glue '' . It is n't a glue ; it 's a patch product for worn spots on the soles . I 've used it for years on favorite tennis shoes , and now I 'm using it on my `` Vibram Five_Finger '' shoes . The latter are wonderfully comfortable , but the thin soles do develop holes ... I 've also used it in a pinch on socks - I never learned to darn - and on my backpack . On a long trek , I carry a partial tube of it as well as a small roll of the invaluable duct tape ... for blisters!The low-star reviewer was incorrect about the ` keeping ' quality of the stuff also . Do n't close the cap too tightly , lest you need to puncture the tube to get it open , store it in a cool place , and it 'll keep as long as you like.This seems to be the cheapest of the various sources in the ` zoo , once you calculate free shipping .
 I have to agree with L.Nesland . Shoe Goo is GREAT !!!! I bought Shoe Goo originally to repair some bicycling shoes -LRB- the heals were practically nonexistent -RRB- I found that using saliva on my finger tips keeps them clean while spreading it -LRB- you must remember I was not bonding , I was using it as an external surface -RRB- . I use it to fix almost anything that needs physical enhancement . I have n't used the Goo to bond 2 surfaces together yet , but I 'm SURE that it will work perfectly when I do . I agree that you should use petroleum jelly on the threads , my 1st cap broke -LRB- it glued itself to the tube threads -RRB- I have n't had that problem with my 2nd or 3rd tubes . I just finished repairing my 2nd pair of bicycle shoes . This time I 'm building up the heal higher so I do n't feel like I 'm walking up hill . I 'm glad the they came out with black , now you can use it on most dress shoes and they will still look like dress shoes . I found out -LRB- by accident -RRB- that if you want to change the color . Just after you finish spreading the goo , drip some candle wax the color you want over the goo . I had a Squirrel that was missing a leg , I made a cast of the existing leg with red wax . After the goo cured , and I took the wax off I noticed that the goo took the color of the red wax . NOW my Squirrel has a red prosthesis .
 Shoe Goo saved me from having to replace three pairs of shoes in one season . Waterproof and durable ; fix your boot and keep on walking . Cures in 3-4 hours . Can be used as waterproofing agent for leather . Fixes high heels too .
 This gunk will breath an extra few months out of the soles even the most beat up , falling apart shoes in your closet . For $ 6 or so you wo n't have to replace them so soon , just squeeze some of this goo into the damaged area and let it sit for 24 hours
 I thought that this Shoo Goo was awesome , because I have a pair of leather shoes that I spent a lot of money on and they were not fixable around a seam on top of the shoe . I used this Goo and viola ! It is holding good . I have not worn the shoes yet , but it looks pretty secure . This is just what I needed . THANKS : -RRB-
 I used this product to repair new athletic shoes I had washed and the sole came apart . It worked just as I expected and my athletic shoes are better than new . I have even washed them again and the shoes stood up beautifully in the washing machine .
 I have used shoe goo on my hunting boots and they are like new . I even repaired my inflatable dingy with the stuff . Shoe Goo worked better then the repair kit that came with the dingy .
 My son , who is a skater , needed something to repair his favorite skate shoes , duct tape just did n't look good ! He saw a video recommending Shoo Goo , it sounded like just the thing we needed to fix his shoes , so we tried it . It worked great , but I wish that I had chosen the clear , as I chose black and the result was less than I expected . I will definitely buy this product again , but I will choose clear instead of black !
 This is one tough glue . I have used it to fix rips in bicycle seats . Glue the rubber feet back to the base of items ect . I have had the same tube for years and I have used it on every gluing need I have had and it has performed beyond my expectations . It may not fix every shoe problem you may have but shoes take serious amount of twisting and flexing . The fact that this glue will hold the way that it does is worth having around . That is my opinion I hope you find it as useful as I have.Good luck , Matthew
 I use this clear cement on everything not just shoes . I have used it on plastics , wood , and even cement , and that is why I got this second tube . The first one lasted me over two years , and by keeping it cool -LRB- like inside a safe area in the refrigerator -RRB- , the opened tube wo n't harden up .
 Works great for repairing soles that start to come apart . It is very durable and extends the life of shoes that need minor repairs . Highly Recommend
 I have used Shoe Goo for years . Most recently to reinforce household slipper soles whose original material began to wear through after a couple of years . Last application was about a year ago or more . With daily wearing around the house and occasional trips outside to the mailbox , it shows little sign of wear .
 I had 2 pair of my favorite shoes come apart within a month . I did some research on line on what I could repair them with and found shoo goo . I glued them both `` back to health '' and have worn them several times since . At first I took an extra pair of shoes with me just in case the sole came loose again but that never happened . I love this product . I 'm planning on buying the clear as well to use on my tennis shoes .
 My entire family has used this product since the seventies , and it is JUST AS GREAT as it originally was . You can repair shoe soles for your favorite running shoes , slippers , any rubber-soled shoes . You can put rubber on the bottoms of walking canes for stage , real life , etc. . This is like rubber cement repair , only one hundred times better . Do you get the picture ?
 Shoe Goo works great . The bottom of my tennis shoe was peeling . I applied some shoe goo and glued the sole back on and let it dry 24 hours . Next day the tennis shoe was good . Shoe Goo really works ! For the size , I should buy a smaller Shoe Goo .
 I used the Shoe Goo to repair a pair of cycling shoes . The outer sole was peeling off from the body of the shoe , but the Shoe Goo secured the sole wonderfully . The bond is very secure and has survived bike rides in the rain .
 I 've used this product a few times , for repairing my old shoes , with rippedout sides , and it works ! I used it to repair my fubber rain coat also , worked great , beats buying a new coat , or shoes !
 The product itself is great ! However , I was not told in advance that I would be paying OVER $ 20 for shipping since it is a flamable product . I wo n't order it on-line again .
 I have used this on several pairs of shoes and it has worked splendidly but what really surprised me is when I used it to re-attach the bristles of my badger hair shaving brush to the handle of the brush . The adhesive is strong and water tight . I could n't ask for more .
 I did not expect to be writing a follow up to my previous review of the Shoe Goo Clear 3.7 Oz . glue . The product is as advertised . WORKED GREAT on repair of hiking boot sole . My only complaint was that I felt the shipping and handling was a bit pricey . The seller refunded a fair amount of this charge due to a shipping calculation error . My hats off to them . While the refund was small , the effort to make this sale satisfactory was huge . I gladly endorse the continued use of this company for any further transactions . Thank you for reading my previous remarks and making the price adjustment .
 I have a pair of Mizuno Wave Universe 3 running shoes that I had put about 750 miles on and had just noticed a hole in the left forefoot of the sole about the size of a penny . I was about to throw them away when I remembered that I had some Shoe Goo around and so I decided to do a little sole repair . I took out a pair of liners I had from other running shoes , inserted them into my Mizuno 's and then applied shoe goo to the hole . After leaving it overnight , I ran with them the next day and they worked fine . I applied another coating -LRB- leveled off with a popsicle stick -RRB- after the run and now they 're good to go . I hope to get another couple of hundred miles out of them.For a very inexpensive price , you can add many more miles and several months to your old running shoes . I 've been using the product for over 30 years and think it 's great .
 This will fix shoes with rubber/plastic soles that crack , but are still serviceable otherwise . Just fill it in with the Goo - it 's like new .
 This is an excellent product . It 's wonderful for extending the life of tennis/running/basketball shoes , and it also works well to waterproof if there are slits or holes in your shoes . It also has many other uses for gluing things . It can be messy , use a popsicle stick to spread it , something you can throw away .
 I have used this product to repair holes in rubber boots and to reattach a detached sole to the boots . It works very well but sometimes it comes loose . There is a transparent version which seems to be more prone to hardening and cracking . I used this product as a general adhesive , not just for fixing boots .
 Used this years ago for skateboard shoes and now for my indoor/tennis soccer shoes . works great . I mainly use it to help out the bottom of my shoes from getting holes and wearing down quickly to save me money from having to buy a new pair of shoes so quick .
 I must say that I was sceptical that this product would be waterproof for the sole of my sneaker . I applied it and had to work quickly because it gets thick and ready to bond quickly . I put the sneaker on and stood on it and that helped it set quickly . I did it outside in the sun because they warn you about using a well ventilated area . The sun helped dry it too . I also washed the sneakers and made sure they were dry before starting.The sole of the sneaker bonded perfectly . I was hoping it would stay waterproofed and it did . I am very glad I bought the clear because now I can glue any colored item also . Good goo ... . Mary D
 I used it to seal a gap in my rubber rain boots and it sealed very well . No leaks .
 This glue works well . I purchased a pair of rain boots and after some use , I needed to reinforce the soles . I purchased this product and it did the trick . Be warned , it is a little messy to work with , but overall a very nice product .
 I had a pair of favorite docker shoes that the soles starting separating from the shoe body . I applied the ShoeGoo , stood in the shoes to make sure it set up comfortably , let them set overnight under pressure , and WaLah ! my shoes are back in business.I like it .
 Excellent price , good service . The Shoe Goo was less expensive than it is at Big Five .
 Shoe Goo works . It will save its cost many times over by reducing trips to the shoemaker . It 's especially helpful when heels or soles wear unevenly . I also used it to seal a leaking toilet tank , two years in place and has n't leaked since . Sometines it can get a little messy to work with , but that 's probbly inevitable .
 I 've fixed two pairs of shoes so far - looks like the repairs were successful ! I 'm pleased !
 These shoers were for my daughter . She loves them ! As long as she is happy with them , I am happy with them . Adidas has done a great job with supplying kids shoes for athletics . That is the only kind of shoe , we as a family will wear . Keep up the great work Adidas !
 I have a great satisfaction of this product , my son it is very happy , your description and images show them be really
 The price was perfect for a brand new cleat . It was n't shipped as fast as another competitor and was delayed by 1 day . However , the price made up for the time of delivery .
 This is a great shoe . My daughter seems to like it , so it must be comfortable . The extreme plus is that Stride Rite has moved from the buckle to velcro -- finally ! Easy to put on and take off .
 They can be worn with dresses and pants . Very flexible sole for comfort . Wide width is perfect fit for my child . Great price ! Ca n't go wrong .
 Our son was to be the ring bearer in a wedding so he needed some nice black shoes . Of course he has wide feet , so we found that Stride Rite was the way to go , when I began looking at the Stride Rite website , they had these same shoes for about $ 12 more ... so needless to say , we got them from Amazon and really love them .
 These shoes were bought for my 18 month old son to wear to a wedding . Everyone commented on how cute they were ! I could n'tbe happier with my purchase ! The shoes are a shiny black leather that went perfectly with his little suit .
 Stride Rite 's are good shoes and these are priced so low . I do n't know why and I wo n't ask . When I got them , they were nice -LRB- looked just like the picture -RRB- with a square toe . The size is right on , they are cushy inside , and the bottom is not slippery . My toddler likes wearing them even when he does not have too .
 I brought this product for my nephew to wear at my wedding . They look great with his black suit . After trying on the shoes my sister turned around and brought her son more footwear from amazon .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 My husband hikes daily and has very flat feet , wears custom orthotics and says these boots are the most comfortable he has ever worn . He says that Hi-Tec has not really changed these in years and from what I understand these are the most popular , largest selling boot , in the US . Because of his flat feet and difficult fit , he wears these all year hiking . They last him about 9 months , wearing them daily for his 1 hour hike , in rain , snow or summer heat . He highly recommends them !
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 Ordered the shoes even though it is way too big for my daughter now but it is sooo cute . The only bad thing I would say is that the shoe is not really flexible as other Geox shoes . So I 'm not sure if it is comfortable since the bottom of the shoes is hard -- barely any cushion .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 Very well made , practical & comfortable , no fiddly straps to tackly with -LRB- esp important when rushed for time ! -RRB- ... my daughter LOVES it !
 I purchased this tote recently and love this tote ! It was exactly what I was looking for ! It only smelled like straw on both the purse part and the handles . It did not have a bad smell ! I had to really stick my nose to it to even smell that ! The only thing that I thought was not so good was the leather patches that are attached to the handles on the outside of the purse were not the same leather in color . They were like three different shades of the tan leather . So I just took my brown stain pen and colored them all the same as the leather handles . It looks wonderful now and I take it everywhere instead of my regular purse . I have had it for over a month now and can not find out of my other 15 purses one that I love better to carry now that it is spring !!! For the price I feel like I have the perfect straw purse now and I have been hunting for one like this for a longggggggggggggg time !!!!
 Every element in this straw tote reflects an authenticity that I could not find elsewhere ! In addition , it is durable , functional and well-made .
 grat service and very very fast good stuff no compliants here great the purchase and the price was ver reasonable also
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 First I just want to say that I love kathy van zeeland purses , the quality is superb . When I first opened the box I was shocked by the size of this purse , it looked smaller in the picture . However I dont mind the size because I can fit more stuff in it . Ive had it for about one year and it is still in good condition . It really is a beautiful purse . Definetly recommend .
 Los mejores zapatos de futbol que he comprado en mi vida , funcionan perfecto para cesped artifical , cesped natural y piso duro.Lo recomiendo 100 %
 I got this shoes for my daughter who has been playing soccer for about 5 years . She said they were the most comfortable soccer cleats she has ever had . It is also nice the way the shoes are designed . You do n't need any sweet spots . Nice cleats
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 Part of any sexy wardrobe is sexy shoes , and one of the sexiest and eye-catching shoes out there today is the Ellie Shoes 457-Harp rhinestone sandal . This sexy shoe has a 4.5 '' stiletto heel , and a faux gemstone beaded chain that drapes alluringly from the ankle strap . Yeah , this is a great shoe , well-made , surprisingly comfortable , and daringly sexy . Do you want to turn every head -LRB- or one head in particular -RRB- ? Then get a pair of these shoes . I give them my highest recommendations ! -LRB- Review of 457-HARP Spike Angel , silver pu -RRB-
 I got those shoes today i reckon they look better in the picture . when i were them the flower at the top goes a bit down and the chains are a bit long . they are uncomfortable , specially at the front because of the thin strap but i still LOVE them : -RRB-
 I was close to change my mind when I decide to purchase this shoes for my girl friend , the only issue for me was the presentation with those UGLY feets of the model . The shoes are amazing but please use other model with better feets ...
 I ordered these shoes for a formal ball to go with a long black gown . Beautiful shoes . The beaded chains were a bit too long for my foot , and did n't drape the way I wanted , but that was an easy fix I did at home . The zipper on the back of the heel could be a little uncomfortable , but well worth it for the style . Very sexy shoes . If you are n't used to heels , consider something lower . The beading could look a bit cheap over time , but for special occasions , these are great .
 i realy like it but i did not receive the black one and the silver was very nice for my party so please check about the black sandel same brand because i still wating for it .
 I ordered this pair of sandals for my wife which we think they look great ! The vender does n't have size 7 in silver so I have to order them from eBay but I thought I will still give my 2 cents here since I saw them here on Amazon first.The sandals fit my wife 's feet really good . She has nice legs and I enjoy shopping shoes for her . She has over a hundred pairs of shoes at home -LRB- yeah call her a shoes addict , heheheh -RRB- and I think these are one of my favorites . Look sexy and make her feet nice and slim . There are zippers on the back of the sandals and it takes a little patient to put them on . The top band is a bit tight but may be that 's just her . The plastic jewelry on it are ok in quality , not too fakey and have good finishing . My only complaint is that the chains contains silver coated beans and could be too plastic in my taste when the coating wear off of age . Also the high heels are not exactly the same as shown in the picture . They are a little more bigger at the base but that 's just a minor thing.All in all I am happy with the purchase and my wife looks glamorous in them !
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 These shoes are really lightweight and comfortable . They fit well and have enough of a sole to protect your feet from shells and other stuff that might be lurking under the water . Great purchase !
 I order the water shoes and was very pleased with my purchase . It is excatly what I wanted and I got it in no time flat . I was a little hesitant about ordering on line but this experience was well worth it . .
 The shoes are great-looking and even though they do n't look very comfortable they actually are pretty comfortable after breaking them in .
 Comfortable , perfect - and shockingly easy to walk in . I wish this designer made more shoes with that small platform .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 bought these for my granddaughter . She loved them -LRB- no ties -RRB- I loved them and they go with everything !! Washed up well
 These shoes are so comfortable to walk around in . I have worn them to parties where I was on my feet all night and had no problems . The only gripe I have is that the glimmer they have to them gets scuffed and they do n't shine as that happens . I still love them and wear them quite a bit ... great purchase !
 This shoe is really cute I get alot of compliments on them . The contrast with the amber heel looks great . There a little big for me though I wear an eight but purchased an 8.5 to compensate with the narrow front . But they 're true to size . I 'm going to have to put in some foot petals to compensate because I can stick my pinky in the back of them .
 these are the best ever fit and comfort shoes i have ever purchased online I am on my feet for hours and my feet feel great , Jessica Simpson shoes are to die for .
 I love this shoe ! I tried it on at Macy 's and looooved it ! I actually bought the wrong size on Amazon and had to return them but i will definitely get them again in the correct size ! Because of the patent leather they fit really snug so i 'd go with your size or just a 1/2 size below your normal size . These make your legs look long and gorgeous move over boots I believe these pumps were made for walking the streets of our city and the hallways at the office ! Jessica 's shoes are so beautiful and fit great . Work it girls !
 well fitting and sexy shoes . unique subtle colors . i highly recommend . i have many pairs of jessica simpson shoes , and i 've been very pleased with each one .
 The shoes were just as they were pictured . They are high but thought they would be horrible because I was going to be on my feet the whole time at a club party . Took them off half way through the night but like I said was dancing and standing the whole time . Good quality and very stylish .
 I could n't believe how lucky and coincidental our meeting was!I had been watching Jem and the Holograms episodes on youtube all week and had been admiring the outrageous fashion ! Then what should I bump into at Dillards yesterday?A neon pink , suede pair of `` Jem '' pumps by Jessica Simpson for $ 17.50 ! And against my chocolate skin the bright color was amazing !!! We were meant for each other!Comfort / Look : These shoes are not the most comfortable , but they 're so bright and beautiful I could n't spare wearing them.I can see myself walking in somewhere , standing awhile , but sitting down when I get the chance . Walking up the block or through the mall would be a challenge . I have to walk slower than usual . They fit , but if you go to extremes you 'll be having some serious ouch factor ! They fit , but they fit like they are a 1/4 size too small . My right foot felt scrunched.When I bought these they had been tried on and walked about in.So the suede had been worn and faded a tad . So just remember it 's SUEDE.I love the texture and appearance but it 's alittle high maitenance.RULES OF SUEDE
 These are gorgeous shoes , but they run about a full size small . I generally wear a 6.5 , but even the 7 was too small . I eventually got a 7.5 , and they fit just fine
 I have these in the maroonish-reddish color and they are so sexy !!!!! They are very high but comfy , not TOO shiny , and have the perfect cut for the office or out on the town !!! These will most def be pushed to the front of my shoe collection and I own over 150 pairs !!!
 For what it is , a almost 4 inch heel , it 's not excruciating to wear . I was really hesitant to get a heel this high since almost every high heeled shoe gives me pain , but I was suprised , not bad ! But , keep in mind , it is what it is , a 4 inch heel . Make sure you get at least a 1/2 size larger than you usually wear since they do run small . You can wear these classic pumps with just about anything . I got a lot of compliments from my girlfriends on these .
 These are my go-to shoes for audition pumps ; I 'm on my third pair . I wear an 8.5 and buy true-to-size -LRB- black leather , not patent leather -RRB- , and although it 's true that they 're a bit uncomfortable in the beginning around the toes -LRB- although my foot is a bit wider -RRB- , they break in beautifully , being leather , and they 've survived auditioning and interviewing in NYC , Chicago , Texas , Atlanta , Connecticut , Washington D.C. , Indiana ... they 're pretty good shoes . Basic leather pumps but sexy enough to wear with a lovely little black dress . I wish Jessica Simpson would keep making these as a permanent stock item !
 Really cute sexy shoe but they do run small and they are very high as well but it said they were stilettos . I love them and I also look the red color .
 These shoes are very pretty ; I think they look a little different in person than they do in the picture . They are comfortable and cute ! I have had them for about two years now and they still looks new . These pumps go well with many outfits . The size is great , not too big not too small . Would recommend !
 I have a few pairs of these . They 're pricey , but very comfortable and worth the money . Of course , I got an amazing price on them at Amazon . Bonus
 I saw these shoes in a local store for over $ 160 . These sold at amazon for 1/3 the price . I realize that the shoes are last year 's inventory , but they are a classic , and the store did n't see fit to discount them for not being a new item . They arrived quickly and seemed to be first quality - not seconds .
 I love Rangonis , and this shoe is no exception . The style is classic , works well with slacks or skirts or jeans , and it feels great !
 I was amazed at how light these boots are . Since I know my size perfectly when ordering boots thru the mail , they fit perfectly and are very very comfortable .
 I 've been an Evironmental Scientist slogging through the swamps of Florida for over twenty years . These boots are the best I 've used . They are surprisingly waterproof and comfortable for all-day hiking . I 've had my current pair for more than five years and they are just now starting to get ragged . I 'm gon na buy another pair right now without even shopping for an alternative .
 Took this boot out on a day hike after minimal breaking in . It was still comfortable after a full day of hiking - kept my feet dry . A great boot for the price !
 I bought a black pair of these wrongly thinking that the nubuck leather was a compromise . They 're quite stiff initially and have that slightly hairy suede look . After about 25 km in them now the leather has become soft and flexible , and after polishing with boot wax they 're very smooth too much like the more expensive Ultra models . I 've worn Hi-Tec 's own carbon rubber sole before and consider it just as good as Vibram - will likely outlast the rest of the boot . So far have kept my feet dry in wet conditions . Only small criticism is that up top they 're kind of chunky and it 's a fine balancing act getting the lace tension just right so that your shins do n't rub , though that should get easier with more wear . All up very good value for the price -LRB- the international price , not the Australian price -RRB- .
 This is the first time I have purchased hiking boots online . I hike a lot . 40 + miles per week generally . I wear out hiking boots in about four months , and am getting tired of driving all over the place trying to find something that fits , and is n't too expensive . These are great ! Comfortable right out of the box . Sturdy but still flexible enough to move with your foot . I have only just started with them - but at this price , and with the Amazon Prive fast and free shipping
 This is a great product . I wore it for a week to break in . It gives great balance , comfort and handles the terrain very well .
 These boots feel and fit great . I am interested in how long they will hold up . They look pretty sturdy . I will put them to the test for sure .
 I have had 4 pairs of the Altitude IV 's . Please do n't think they wear out fast , as they last longer than any other shoe I 've had -LRB- New Balance , various off-brands -RRB- . I used to kill New Balance shoes in 6-8 months , it takes about a year and a half for me to go through a pair of Altitude IV 's . This is because I 'm over 360lbs and really tend to beat the heck out of my shoes . I only replace them because I grind the tread off the soles carrying things -LRB- I work in audio -RRB- . They 're the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had the pleasure of wearing , and will continue to have at least one spare pair on hand at all times .
 I purchased these in preparation of a hike up Mt. Leconte in Gatlinburg , TN . After breaking them in , they fit great . I did n't have a single problem the whole hike and look forward to using them for future hikes .
 I purchased these hiking boots for a month-long trip to China which was going to include a lot of hiking and not a lot of packing space . Aside from the initial try on when first receiving these boots in the mail I did not wear these boots in before setting off to China , with any other boots this might have been a poor choice . My first experience of these boots then was on a 15 mile hike on the Great Wall , up rough terrain and through some snow , and at the end of the day my feet felt fine . These shoes seem to have really great support without being constrictive . They are comfortable , durable , waterproof , and best of all for me , they are warm without causing my feet to sweat , even during rigorous activity.Another plus for me was these shoes odor fighting powers , despite being worn for 30 days straight , often without a fresh change of socks due to lack of laundry facilities , they wore very well . These shoes have been everywhere from strange nightclubs in Beijing to open-air markets in Tibet and continue to be sturdy and functional boots . I would recommend for anyone looking for a versatile and comfortable boot for your next adventure .
 Ordered these for my husband , it 's his 2nd pair . He wore the 1st pair into the ground over several years so pretty good value .
 I bought these for my boys for Christmas and they love them so much they refuse to take them off . They told me these are the best pair of shoes/boots they have ever had .
 These boots are an excellent value . They are comfortable , provide great heel and ankle support , good grip , and keep your feed warm and dry in cold climates.Purchased a pair for a vacation in New Brunswick , Canada . These boots kept my feet dry and comfortable the whole time , even while snow shoeing and hiking across a snow covered beach front . Did n't slip once in them , though I encountered ice a few times.Very good purchase !
 Excellent ! Great product , great fit . Best price anywhere . Actually I still have these and wear them every day . I am actually going to order another pair very soon . Thanx
 Hi-Tecs are the BEST , the coloring has come out of these , now kinda of a weird green color -LRB- ? -RRB- , but they have a good tight fit , did a week in them @ Isle Royale last summer ! No complaints .
 This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I 've needed for any type of hiking . I look forward to many years of use from these boots .
 I love these boots . A little stiff around the ankles at first , but broke in fast wearing them around for a couple of days . True to size and fit great . Waterproof , kept my feet dry when doing activities that normally get my socks soaked . Look cool and have great traction . Excellent value for the price and would definitely buy another pair whenever these wear out .
 Comfotable fit on the loose side . I use a heavier sock and works just fine . Recommended and would buy again .
 Best Boots I have ever owned . Very comfortable , especially for people like me with really flat feet . I really need arch support and dry feet , these boots are water proof . I will definitely buy them again .
 So far these hikers have performed well . I have a pair of low cut Hi Tec hikers as well and bought these for winter use . I 've worn the low cuts hikers for several years and they have held up very well . I expect these new hikers will do the same .
 Most comfortable shoes I have found.After a few tests of brands and sizes , these are the best.I walk 5 to 10 miles a day . Once I found my size , my feet do n't hurt or get tired.I add gel innersoles for extra comfort but it 's not necessary.Concrete floors , ladders , rough terrain , mud , rain ; no problem.And they are beautiful.People ask me about them all the time.Enjoy .
 I purchased these boots for the Northern Michigan winter . i had searched for women 's boots , but I kept coming back to these . I first ordered a size 9W not knowing how the men 's sizing converted to women 's feet :-RRB- They were a bit big , so I just received the size 8.5 M . They fit perfectly ! I like to go for long walks , so they had to be comfortable , warm and dry . These are awesome in all those areas . I put them on and went on a 4 mile hike to test them . No problems at all , they are more pliable than any other new boot I 've ever had - meaning I did n't have to wait for breaking them in before I was off hiking . I like it when other review refer to size , so here 's a recap on that
 I 've always had good luck with Hi-Techs and this is one of the best . I 've been breaking them in for about a week , they are stiff and you will probably need to do that . They are very well made and sturdy , and most importantly very comfortable.As to sizing they do seem to run a bit large , my 9.5 is a bit loose but I like extra room for insoles and thick socks . I have wide toes , narrow heel and high arches and that seems to be what Hi-Tech fits well . This toe box , while looking surprisingly narrow has penty of room for me , perhaps because of the loose fit.I have not walked over any slippery rocks so I can not rate the outer sole . It is Hi-Tech 's own which is to be expected , I guess , in lower price boots since Vibrams now seem reserved for $ 150-plus boots . I 'll have to see if they are sticky enough for slippery rock scrambling .
 These boots fit very well to me and are rather comfortable . The grip on these are great , and after about 300 miles of use in these , they still look new . Highly recommend these boots for anyone on a budget .
 I first purchased a pair of Hi-Tech Altitude boots approximately 10 years ago . They fit me extremely well and were very comfortable from the first moment I wore them . Prior to this purchase , I have had 2 different pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude boots and I have not been disappointed . They wear extremely well and seem to last me about 4 or 5 years . I have found them excellent for everyday wear as well as for use in fishing and hunting . I think these are excellent low cut boots for such a moderate price . Have n't ventured into buying the $ 100 + boots , but then why should I when these work so well , so can not comment or compare my $ 70 Hi-Techs to the more pricey boots . I think you will be pleased with these boots .
 These are very nice boots . Love the styling and appearance . They do need to be broken in a little when you first get them .
 Kudos to the Hi-Tec designers & manufacturers ! My husband wears these daily for all types of situations . Easy to keep clean and looking nice . VERY durable . Almost no time to &#34; break them in &#34; . Design has stayed constant . Run true to size . No need to change something that already works great . Will continue buying these in the future .
 This is my 2nd pair of altitude IV boots . I 'm very happy with the fit , comfort , and performance of these boots.I wear them at work and they have all day comfort , also they are waterproof , an added plus in the winter months .
 I bought my first pair of Altitude IV 's in late 2007 . I have worn them nearly every day and they will keep you dry in the Heaviest Morning Dew ; they have held up better than any throw-away pair of High Top Sneakers . I still use them and was considering another pair . My original pair from here was $ 42 . Why have they nearly doubled to $ 76.43 in 3 years ?!? Even through a marketplace seller , I 'll pay half again what I gave before . They raised the price another $ 10 just this week to the current price.Hi-Tec certainly delivers a quality product and I understand some increase with time , but a quick Froogle Search reveals that you can find them cheaper elsewhere .
 Soy gu&iacute;a de turismo en Costa Rica , mi trabajo exige largas caminatas en bosque , ciudad , playas , senderos , etc. . Por tener tantos meses de lluvia siempre he usado botas hi-tec impermeables y no tengo queja alguna , los &uacute;ltimos 2 pares los he tenido que cambiar porque se me gasta la suela ! C&oacute;modas , ajuste perfecto , livianas , muy resistentes , y con un precio accesible!El env&iacute;o fue mejor de lo esperado.Pura vida !
 I had to return the first pair , each side felt completely different in how they fit.The second pair fit well and are pretty comfortable , I imagine they will be better after break in . They seem well made . I gave four stars because I believe the insoles could be a little better.I bought the black , but after a hike on a dusty trail I realized brown would have made more sense . Oh well.As usual , Amazon was outstanding with it 's service . Both orders were received in one day even with two day prime shipping . The return of the first pair could n't have been easier .
 This is the only set of hiking boots I 've ever had that does n't sacrifice comfort for support or vice-versa . Maximum support + maximum comfort = excellent boot . Break-in time is minimal and once they do it 's as if they 've become part of your feet . Best boots I 've ever worn .
 took these boots backpacking this past weekend and they performed above expectation . waterproofing stood up to mud and stream crossings . After looking at more expensive brands I am more than happy I bought the Hi-Tec Altitude . After 18 miles these boots were still comfortable with no blisters on my feet . Affordable , lightweight , rugged , waterproof comfortable and stylish . If you overlook these you are missing out on a superb value .
 Dark chocolate brown hiking boots . Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend for when we go hiking . He loves them ! Lots of grip , very comfortable , and they are very durable as well . Worth the money and then some .
 I bought these boots beacause I needed a comfortable work boot . I work ten hour days on my feet on concrete and have tried several different brands of work boots . These high tech boots are awesome . From the first day they have very good to my feet . They fit great and seem very well made . I will definitely be buying them again .
 Comfortable boots that are indeed water proof and actually do breathe . They seem to work well for the winter wearing anything from cotton socks to solar socks depending on the outside temperatures . It should be noted that they do not have a slip resistance sole so they can be slippery on smooth wet surfaces . I have n't had a chance to use them in warmer weather to see fully how well they breathe . For the price they are a very good buy .
 I hike fairly frequently in the Sierra mountains , often in rocky , steep or muddy terrains . So I spent a good amount of time researching for the best pair of boots that will provide and comfort and durability for an all-day hike . I finally decided on these Altitude IV boots.I was very pleased with my decision , as they were very comfy , no blisters , and durable , not to mention better looking than other hiking boots . Good grip over rocks , mud and dirt trails . I will buy another pair of Altitude IV after these wear out .
 My work takes me out in bad weather frequently , and I really need a boot that will keep my feet dry . I have suffered through 3 different pairs of `` waterproof '' boots that gave me no protection -- you get what you pay for , I guess . Someone suggested I order from L. L. Bean , and I was getting ready to fork up the dough , when I saw these in an e-mail from Amazon . They are not fancy , but they ARE waterproof ! And , after an initial breaking-in period , they are quite comfortable . I am thoroughly satisfied with these boots .
 I bought these based on reviews . First pair of shoes I bought online just from reviews . I went off the sizing in other peoples reviews and they were correct . I bought a 12 and my feet are a 11 1/2 . I was n't used to high heel hiking boots so that was an adjustment . I felt as though I was stepping into Ski Boots . I bought them six days before needing to use them enough time to try them out and go to a local store to buy another pair -LRB- which I did n't need to do -RRB- . You WILL need to break these in . Do n't expect to go and hike in these without doing this . For me I broke them in by wearing them to work for three days straight . I work at a desk most of the day with a walk during lunchtime . I would say four days would have been ideal but the shoes were very comfortable during the hike minus the minor bruise i had on my heal because I was n't use to high heal shoes . It was bearable though and I wrote it off to me not breaking them in enough -LRB- or breaking in my feet -RRB- . These are gortex and waterproof and I tested them out with a wide brook crossing . There were some rocks that the water was running over and I was deep enough to cover my toes . My feet stayed as dry as advertised . The hike had all the terrain you would find . Soft needle filled trails , moss covered rocks , old dry brook beds , roots , steep slabs and gravel.Heres where the shoes loose the fifth star . Compared to more pricey boots the sold are very hard and I was wavering on the steep slabs that were slightly wet . They gripped but just barely . Some better soles would be solid such as my buddies . But and this is the big BUT - for a starting out hiker these are fine and would be FIVE stars for their purpose . I only spent around 80 bucks on these and my buddy spent over 200 on his.If you are interested in reading about my first hike my buddy blogs about all his hikes in New Hampshire . We hiked Mt. Potash in the White Mountain region . It was a great trail for a first hike or even an experienced hiker who wants to do a quick hike . It took us about two hours up and two hours down with about 1.5 hours stopped . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall I think I picked the best first book , I expect to use them for shoveling in the winter because they look nice enough for me to wear to work -LRB- Business Casual -RRB- . Give yourself plenty of time to break these in I would say at least a week . If you have n't worn high healed boots before you will probably get a small bruise on the back of your heal . I think it is normal and it goes away as you wear them more . The support in your ankle is key for any harsher terrain and slab walking you will do in your hike .
 I have arthritis in my hips and knees . I am on my feet , all day , every day working for Fred Meyer . I walk many miles , on hard floors and , it was getting so I could hardly walk at the end of the day . At the end of the week , I was ready to die . I purchased these boots on the first day of a vacation and , decided I 'd wear them during the vacation to break them in , so I would n't have to go through the `` new shoe pain '' at work . Well , there was never any painful breakin period . The boots felt fantastic from the start . Now , my hips and knees do n't hurt at work . At all ! These boots have made a terrific difference in my quality of life . I went out today , and purchased another pair , so I can switch them out so they 'll last longer , and get to air out . I ca n't say enough good things about these boots and , ca n't think of a thing negative to say , either . I , honestly , may purchase a third pair just for the heck of it .
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec boots and I love them ! I was volunteering in Haiti for several months in 2010 and wore out my shoes so a volunteer brought me down this pair of boots . I have used them walking up and down riverbeds in Haiti , through rubble piles , around city streets , etc. for more than half of the past 21 months and they are still holding up ! I am very pleased with them and will buy another pair whenever I wear these out !
 I have been buying these boots for the last 5 yrs they are great . I buy a new pair in the late fall and use them for around the house and out and about during the winter months , then I cycle them into my work boots during spring and replace them the next spring . They stay waterproof with no care taken and the soles do not split away like a lot of boots do , at work I ` am outside a lot in all kinds of weather snow , rain , and bitter cold they keep your feet warm in winter and they are not hot in the middle of summer . I highly recommend these boots , people are always asking what kind they are and the answer is Hi-Tec Altitude IV ! -LRB- And no I do not work for Hi-Tec -RRB- but support any company that makes a great product .
 I have worn Hi-Tec boots for many years now . This is my third pair of Altitude boots . They are comfortable , durable and relatively inexpensive . The boots are great for day hikes these are a good boots for light to moderate loads . If you are looking for a stiff boot for heavy backpacking I would recommend looking at another model of boot . Hi-Tec makes other model boots specifically for backpacking with heavier loads .
 I have been buying hiking boots for a long time ; including way back when Herters Outfitters was the King of mail order hunting and fishing gear . These boots are the most comfortable boots I 've owned . They fit true to size -LRB- wide sizes for me -RRB- and require no break-in . I could walk 50 miles in these boots . They breath well , do n't leak , and lace up fast . There is plenty of ankle support and the tread is designed to release dirt and mud yet provides plenty of trail traction .
 My first pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IVs lasted around 10 years . I used them for work and for casual wear , and even hiked into Montana mountains on an overnight pack trip several years ago . They wore very well , and so I bought a new pair last year . The new pair has higher ankle support and seems a little heavier than the first pair , but are comfortable and appear to be durable . I did notice some sewing differences and that the tongues on the new pair do not catch pant cuffs , so that 's a bonus . I recommend .
 Very comfortable . I 'm waiting for winter too fully enjoy the comfort.Hopefully it will survive the approaching cold weather . Yes do buy .
 i usally buy these boots from famous footwear and pay like 80 to 90 bucks so i found them on amazon alot cheaper , thanks
 These hi-tec boots are the BEST !!!! I have been getting the same kind for the last 10 years or so and they last for about two years of wearing them to work everyday and also working at home.Dont hesitate getting these !!! I wear a size 14 or 15 and Im also very picky about whats on my feet !! After two years they are still very comfortable and still resist water , I just wear down the tread .
 Fits well , good construction and a fantastic value for the price . It only took a few hours to break in and is very comfortable . I have n't taken them on a long hike yet , just a couple of short ones . I did wear them all day walking through the city and have no complaints .
 These have been great boots . I am on my fourth pair of the Altitude series - a version I , version II , and now 2 version IVs . All have been good buys for me . The version IV have been the best but all have been good.First , I have a high arch and have always been hard on any footwear with a tendency to walk on the ` outside ' of my foot . I wear these boots to travel in and work in while traveling . Many a mile in airports , many miles on concrete , gravel , dirt , and inside simulation facilities . When I travel I tend to only take these boots - my work rarely requires dress clothes , the boots look good in an open collar work environment , they are comfortable , and taking only 1 pair of shoes does cuts down on packing requirements quite a bit for longer trips -LRB- 3 weeks or longer in duration -RRB- . I have taken these boots on three overseas trips - they did well in the Scottish highlands -LRB- twice -RRB- , and London . They did equally well on the beaches of Hawaii , Myrtle Beach , and Cancun . They have done me well in wet and sand - hot and cold.To add to this endorsement , not only am I hard on shoes I am also quite fat these days - topping 300 pounds . For my health I maintain a walking routine of 1-3 miles a day whenever possible . When I travel , these boots are also my walking shoes.In general Hi Tec have always fit me well . I go back 40 or so years to wearing the Lite series of Hi Tecs while I was in my running the Appalachians days . Given my high arches , a tendency for very bad calluses , rebuilt right ankle , 2 knees that varied doctors have wanted to cut on since early Army days , and now my weight I am very picky on shoes . These are the best of the Hi Tec boot types that I have found.I suspect I have seen the best of my current set of boots - maybe six more months or so of regular wear till they become yard work shoes till their final demise . I have never worn out the uppers in these boots . I have worn the sole down to a smooth surface and worn out the insides -LRB- after using new insole inserts a couple of times -RRB- . They are tough boots.And I have a back up pair ready to take the place of the current set.On a down side , these style of boots -LRB- in general , not just Hi Tec -RRB- are not sturdy enough for doing squats in Power Lifting circles . One needs a higher and stiffer boot than what the modern ilk of hikers provides . This is the only limitation I have found for these boots .
 I 'm on my 5th or 6th pair of these boots . I 'm a meat cutter . I 'm on my feet , in the cold for 8 hours a day . My feet are warm , dry , and comfortable . When I wear these out , I 'll buy another pair . End of story .
 I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use . These shoes do it all - look nice , keeps water out , and is the most comfortable I have ever worn . I am looking to get the exact same pair - but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice , they are worth the price .
 I have wide feet and somewhat high arches , which has made finding really good shoes for general wear somewhat difficult . And for that reason , I have stuck with New Balance shoes since my undergraduate days . They are well made , and have versions designed for various activities , including running , cross-training , and walking . And very importantly , they come in widths other than `` medium , '' and provide the maximum benefit to my feet.Recently on a trip to western North Carolina , I went hiking with a group of friends from the area . I soon found that my best New Balance shoes were not up to the task
 I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one . I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best . I 've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot , including some hard , heavy miles . So far the boot is holding up fine . And they feel great - like I 'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update : My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking -LRB- with 30-40 lbs -RRB- . These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking .
 I 've tried many types of boots in my day . By profession I am a miner and work six days a week . I have never found a boot that I can take out of the box and take off to work in . The hi-Tec boot that I bought I allowed three weeks to break in . When I would get home , till I went to bed , even going to the store , you name it . I also gave them a good dose of mink oil often . I have seen many reveiws about how stiff the leather is and sole issues . If your boot has no wrinkles in the stress points it 's not broke in and will be uncomfortable . My first hike was five hours at twenty five degrees steep , unstable rock and leaf covered slopes and my boots worked as I would have expected . The soles stayed soft enough to grip the rocks and provided good ankle support . I have always worn Red Wing boots at the mine site but wo n't any more as they have changed the soles to a hard rubber that wo n't grip and I hate them . The soles look like new after two years -LRB- over two hundred dollar boots -RRB- . I 'm breaking in my Hi-Tec for the Grand Teton range and I 'm sure that I have made the right choice . If you do buy a pair of Hi-Tec boots make sure you BREAK THEM IN before you judge them . As for me , my `` Altitude IV '' wo n't be my last , I love them .
 Over the years I 've typically bought much higher end hiking boots but was tired of spending over $ 200 and wanted to find something comparable at a lower price point . These were recommended to me by a friend and after reading the reviews I decided to give them a try . I was not disappointed . I have taken them out a few times for both long -LRB- 12-14 hour -RRB- and short -LRB- 4-6 hour -RRB- hikes after breaking them in around the house for a couple of weeks . As a geologist I 've also worn them to do field work a number of times and they have held up to climbing , hiking and all manner of abuse while doing field work . They are extremely comfortable on my foot and ankle , have given me no blisters and are light enough not to tire you out after a long morning of trekking through whatever it is you want to trek through . I did n't find my feet getting hot or developing hot spots and in the end , forgot about my feet altogether -LRB- Which is a first -RRB- . They are waterproof as promised and heavy dew , shallow streams/mud puddles wo n't even phase them as my feet stayed dry all day long . The only test remains to be how well they stand up over time . I inspect my boots after every use and so far , they do n't appear to have any weak spots at all . I highly recommend these boots for medium to light duty hiking or work scenarios .
 This is an excellent light-medium weight boot . I wanted to find a reasonably priced hiking boot for weekend trips . This boot meets all of my expectations . It is light but sturdy , waterproof but still `` breathes '' and it fits according to the size listed . This is not a heavy boot for large pack trips but should be more than enough for light trips.The seller delivered as promised and gave link for tracking . I would defintiely buy from this seller again .
 I live in northern Minnesota and these are great for winter . Warm , waterproof and good grip on the icy sidewalks . Very comfortable too . I have a very nice pair of Sorel winter boots but they are HEAVY for day to day activities . During the winter I wear the Sorels to work and then keep a pair of tennis shoes in my office to change into once I get there . No need for that any more . Driving is nicer too . Have you ever tried to drive a vehicle with giant winter boots on ? Not fun .
 I have owned over 8 pairs of these boots.They are well made , comfortable to wear as soon as they are taken out of the box and waterproof.They fit true to size.I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a great boot at a great value .
 These boots are quite the surprise ! At first I thought `` another tennis shoe boot '' . Not so ! I started to wear them to get a feel and they were pretty good out of the box . After a long committed hike of about ten miles I stopped and thought wow these are actually feeling BETTER than when I started ! From there on I hunted in these for about 60 miles with close to 20 thousand verticle feet -LRB- checked by GPS -RRB- . They were great ! I have had two neuromas removed from my feet and soft shoes are a must have . These have been the best boots even against my Danners at half the weight and a quarter of the price . They also have great traction in all conditions . In wet deep grass they will get wet inside . They also do n't stink inside unlike older boots of this type . Will I buy another pair ? Well I 'm shopping for another pair to replace these right now .
 This is my third pair . The first finally wore out after 5 years of use in the yard and all around durring the winter and my second is reserved for just hiking , -LRB- they took me over the Indian Himilayas very nicely , thank you . -RRB- Light weight , inexpensive , and a good fit . I can recomend them . Oh Yea they truly are water proof till about 5 years old .
 Just got back from a 9 mile hike in the Smoky Mountains . These boots did great . Very comfortable and held up well on the terrain . Highly recommended .
 was given a pair of these shoes used , worked in them in my shop welding / machining/auto & truck repair for about 6 years . very comfortable & rugged . this is why i went online @ located another pair through amazon . so far this pair is exceeding my expectations . my thanks to AMAZON & HI-TEC
 Its a nice shoe ... it beats the shoes I had been wearing before . I got the wide version since my feet are a bit wide . I do n't like how shoes get narrow at the tip . They need to make some wide toed hiking shoes .
 I bought these for my son . He had a pair he used for work -LRB- construction -RRB- and he wanted another pair that looked a bit nicer . He loves these and says they are very comfortable .
 Worked out of the box , used them for a few days on the treadmill , but probably wasnt needed . I have been using them for the weekly Treks here at Mission Peaks in the Bay Area , CA , which has pretty good uphills . No complains so far.Rated 4 only for the fact that the heels could use a little more padding - the heel of the shoe is hard which is good for support but not too good when you are walking up-slope . Also have been wearing 2 socks for better grip and to provide more cushion for the heels .
 I bought these a couple months ago and immediately put them to use by going hiking through streams and climbing mountains and boulders . I was surprised how amazing well these shoes work . They have great grip on rock and the solid sturdy frame holds your foot in place even on uneven rocks and boulders . These boots are 100 times better than the Merrell Boab which are very flimsy and quite a bit more expensive . These boots also would make great winter boots as the waterproofing is fantastic . The insoles have fantastic arch supports so these boots are really great for someone like me who has high arches.Cons
 I 'm really , really happy with these boots . An awesome price for a super-sturdy piece of footwear that seems like it 's going to last a really long time . I needed footwear that would support my ankles , for both every day walking and hitting the hills with my dogs . These fit the bill.Why buy a second pair?Two reasons :1 -RRB- I 'm paranoid the price will go up .2 -RRB- These are nice enough to wear out into the real world , and I did n't want to have to worry about keeping my daily pair `` nice '' . The biggest problem for me ? They do require some breaking in and for me , it was kind of a painful process . They are rigid , strong boots , and they do give way eventually . Already , after only a few months , my first pair are taking on that nice patina that well-worn leather boots get.It makes me said that I 'll have to go through that process again with my second pair , which will take longer because they will be worn less frequently .
 My husband loves the look , fit , comfort , and durability of these boots . He has been wearing the Hi-Tec Altitude IV in Dark Brown for at least 14 years . He enjoys working outside and gives these boots a run for their money . The waterproofing works great . A pair of these last him at least a year . The dark brown does n't show the wear and the boots generally still look ok when he throws them away , but he actually wears out the padding in the soles . I order these boots at least three pairs at a time , because I 'm scared they will stop making them . I want this boot that he loves to remain popular and not be discontinued .
 These are the best boots I have ever purchased , they are water proof and very comfortable ... do n't be afraid to buy these !
 Pros : - Light weight . I am used to military grade boots and this feels like I am walking bare feet . And it does n't look it in the pictures - Arrests the ankles and keeps them for twisting - Comfortable soul . 5hr hike over rough terrain easily - Does not oven roast my feetCons : - I would have loved to see some stitching going around the shoe . I know glue has come a long way , but I still do n't trust a glue only shoe . So I brought mine in to have it stitched . Sorry Hi-Tec I wo n't be buying another one in the next 3 yrs .
 Normally would n't buy boots from the internet but after reading all the positive reviews thought I 'd give it a try . I 've had the boots for about a week now . I ordered my normal shoe size-width and that turned out to be correct.The boots are very comfortable and provide very good support . I would definitely recommend them to a potential buyer . And the price from Amazon was great .
 This is a great work boot . My two guys have wore them for years . They last a long time . They are put through all kinds of weather .
 I love wearing these boots when walking in the mud , snow or hiking . Because they are leather I have a second pair for my garage that I use while welding . My father is tough on shoes and it 's difficult to find shoes that fit his wide feet . I gave these as a gift and he loves them . They lasted him about a year . So every Christmas I buy him a new pair . Mabey i 'll get him two this year .
 I have had three pairs of these boots and would recommend them highly . They are comfortable , lightweight and well priced . During the winter months I wear them to work and at the weekends for walking trips and in the garden . I always wear them with a cushioned insoles so typically get a half size larger than normal .
 I got these boots for the waterproof and the price . I was happy with both . My feet are dry , warm , and it did n't cost an arm and a leg . Good boot for the money .
 I 've had 4 pairs of these boots , two brown and two black since 2007 when I started walking over a mile and a half to work . I do n't walk that far on a regular basis anymore , but since then they 've also been the only shoes I can stand in reasonably comfortably all day at work also . I have a foot issue -LRB- accessory navicular bone -RRB- and the vast majority of shoes make it ache by the end of a day or two of standing . They may be a bit heavy and not the most attractive or professional footwear out there but they absolutely get the job done and my feet are happier for it ! The waterproofing is also effective and has kept my feet dry hiking , changing garbages , replacing headlights , etc. through rain or snow.The only negative comment I have is that possibly ordering online does n't get the best quality control . They 're still comfortable enough but the most recent pair , which I purchased through Amazon instead of in person at a store , have a `` funny '' spot that the other pairs did not . It does n't usually bother me but I had to get used to it and do n't feel I should have .
 I bought this pair back in May 12 and they have n't let me down at all . Snow , heat , and rain , no problems here . They keep my feet warm without having to wear extra thick socks . The Hi-Tecs are completely waterproof and I have not had any internal leaks . Good solid buy for the budget minded person .
 My husband likes these boots . They are comfy and wear well . He just ordered two pair , one for work and one to wear out casually.We priced shopped and they were cheaper here than another shoe store we order from on line .
 This is my fifth set ! These boots never fail me . If your looking for a great fitting , affordable and durable boot then these are for you ! Thanks Hi Tec for the great product .
 All i can say is these shoes get `` action '' ! I bought my pair of Hi-tech hiking boots because this is the boots i trust , when i 'm packing my big bucks , big boars , ect . The traction is great and my socks does n't get wet ! Mahalo Hi-Tech !
 I bought this for my son and this is what he has to say
 I puchased a pair of these for a 16 mile hiking trip . out of the box , no joke , these were -LRB- are -RRB- the most comfortable pieces of footwear i have ever had on my feet . as for the water proof part , i have found these boots are superior ! during my hike it rained overnight and the next morning hiking through mud and rain my feet stayed completely dry . i also purchased another pair of these for work and daily wear because they are so comfortable , and part of my job as an auto-body technician is detailing a car after it is painted for customer pick-up . the drain in the shop at work is very poor , and during washing a car , u find yourself standing in a 2 inch puddle of water and my feet stay dry all day in these boots.i would also like to add that your feet stay warm in these boots . i usually wear normal socks , but when i go hiking or camping i wear warm thick socks . either way your feet stay warm
 These boots are nice looking and well designed . I have an ankle injury which is well supported by these boots .
 I 've had a few different pairs of hiking boots over the years . These are great boots . I 've had them for almost 2 years and everything is holding up . In fact , if I clean the outsides , they look brand new . I wear them almost every day.I 've had them in 4 &#34; of water and my foot has never got wet . I 've walked through the muddy clay that we have here in East TN with no problem -LRB- the same mud that tore my Vasque 's to pieces -RRB- . As far as comfort goes , they are as comfortable as house shoes . They required maybe a week of everyday wear for break-in time , but even that was n't too bad . They were just a little stiff , but not like other boots you have probably owned in the past.I 'd say for the money I paid for these , they were a great value .
 If you are looking for good , comfortable and affordable hiking boots then these are a good choice . Durable and comfortable enough for long hiking on pretty much any terrain . Good ankle and arch support , and waterproof . I ca n't comment on how long they last as I have n't owned them long enough , but they are solidly constructed and I have owned Hi-Tec hiking boots in the past and never had any problems .
 I cant complain that the fact these boots are great working boots for office area here at Scott AFB . I feel good enough to walk around during the winter .
 Even if these seem thick , they actually let my feet breath properly . So even after 5 mile hiking at late summer my feet feel excellent ! And of course they protect better than regular shoes .
 fit good right out of the box , true to size , and very well made . Good price amazon and very fast shipping even to Turkey !
 This is my second pair of Hi-Tec Altitude IV boots and I really like them , the waterproofing is great . I only wish they came in a narrow width as the medium is a little loose for my B width foot .
 Had an older pair that lasted for about 6 years . I loved them and sought to replace them with the same model . I got them and they broke in pretty quick . I am happy !
 These Hi-Tec Boots are excellent and very good quality.I use them while I am a rural carrier . they are a great work boot.I recomend to all . Peter .
 I got these boots prior to a week-long trip to Shenandoah where I planned on doing some hiking . I had never hiked before , so this was my first experience with that and with buying real hiking boots . I could not locate a pair that had been recommended to me , so I began to research others that were `` similar '' to it and came across these Hi-Tech Altitude IV boots on my second day of researching . I 'm a woman , however , I found that I could not locate my size in a woman 's boot , so I -LRB- somewhat reluctantly -RRB- settled for the men 's boot because I was close to my leaving time , and I did n't want to spend another day searching through the sites yet again . I double checked the size differentiation , and got a men 's size 9-1/2 M. I wear a woman 's size 10M . I got it so large because I knew that I would be wearing thick socks and I wanted to be able to wear them and still have room in the boot -LRB- but not too much ! -RRB- . I 've had to purchase men 's sneakers before and got them at a size 8 or 8-1/2 , depending , so I was kind of going out on a limb with this , but still felt good about it.Well the boots came promptly , and I tried them on with the thick socks and they fit just fine . They were not flopping around on my foot , and they were not strangling my feet/toes . They fit extremely well , were very , very comfortable and had excellent support . I did n't quite know what to expect , and I was pleasantly surprised ... in my living room . I knew the test was going to be when I went hiking . I took them off and packed them . The next time I removed them from my luggage was 2 days later when I was going to do an evening hike of Stoney Man Mountain in Shenandoah.I 'd never been there , so I had no idea what to expect on the hike , and the only thing I knew about the boots were that they felt really good in my living room . This could 've been disastrous ... but at one point while going up a particularly arduous hill , I looked down and was actually surprised to find I did not have my sneakers on ! The support and comfort of this boot is absolutely phenominal . I was very pleasantly surprised . They did not hurt in any way , my feet did not slip and slide around , the traction they gave over the rocks -LRB- it 's called `` Stoney Man '' for a reason ! -RRB- was amazing . I never slipped and they never felt heavy . Even when I was tired as all get out coming back down the mountain ! There were big rocks , little rocks , stones of all shapes and sizes , grass , twigs , branches , leaves , more stones , pebbles , more rocks ... you get the idea . At the top of this mountain there were huge boulders where you could sit or stand and watch the sunset and these boots stood on them like they were velcroed there . They were really amazing . The other hikes I did were not as difficult as Stoney Man . I did a little of the Appalachian Trail which was a bit hilly , and a little rocky , but was more dirt and grass covered . These boots worked very well there as well . I also did an easy -LRB- `` gentle '' was the term they used -RRB- hike that was basically flat , but provided some test of the traction on wet rocks and the water proofing . I did slip a little on the wet rocks , but never to the point where I thought I would fall . Wet rocks ARE slippery no matter what , but as long as you have these boots on and watch your step , you will be fine . That should hold true for anywhere you go in these boots . On the way back from that particular hike -LRB- we ended at an apple orchard -RRB- , there was a puddle , and I figured `` hey , they say they 're waterproof ? Let 's see . '' So I walked right into the puddle ... with both feet . My feet stayed dry and happy and the leather handled it just fine - there was no seeping of any kind . They could 've used a little cleaning by then , so I did them a favor actually!I highly recommend this boot . If you are on the fence - get off and buy the boot . You wo n't be disappointed . Men , go true to size or maybe a half size larger if you need room for the socks . Ladies , do n't be afraid of having a `` man 's boot '' . When you 're hiking , you want something that will serve you well . IF you can not find your size under the women 's boot , or IF you actually do want the men 's boot
 I ordered these boots for a trip to Tasmania . They arrived before the due date and fitted beautifully . For the money these are very good value .
 My husband loved his first pair of these boots so much , when he wore them out , he wanted another pair . So we ordered them online at Amazon.com , great price and quick service .
 I 've now had these boots for a month and they just continue to impress me . They were comfortable right out of the box so break in was very quick . I 've worn them day hiking and have had no problems with hot spots.Even though they are waterproof I still recommend spraying them with silicone .5 Stars !
 Great boot , lasts for about one year and I ware them daily . Most comfortable boot out there . Keeps your feet warm and dry in wet weather but not hot in warm weather . The only boot that I will buy and I 've been buying them for over 8 years.Tracker
 Not a bad boot , but needs a substantial break in period . Bought it in the wide width , but it would be nic if wide were a bit wider .
 Took these boots with me to Big Bend National Park and did 15 miles of hiking up and down the mountains there . I wear a size 16 so finding something that fit was very cool . The boots are very high quality and I did n't even break them in before I went hiking with some family , and they gave me no problems at all . Cant beat the $ 60 I paid for them .
 Well build nice and solid , very warm on the feet . good for the bucks . Recommanded for anyone who needs to be out doors for a period of time.cons
 I have been buying Hi-Tec for years . When I found the Altitude IV I fell in love instantly . This shoe fits great , has little break in time and still holds its sturdiness as it ages . Well recomended .
 Outstanding boots , this is my 3rd pair . I 've worn them for everyday and hiked the 400 + miles over the years in them ... Not totally water proof -LRB- IE Do n't go wading in them -RRB- but they are light comfortable and as good as boots costing twice as much .
 i was extremely happy with this purchase . these boots normally retail for around a $ 100 and Amazon beat that price . the boots are my favorite footwear . Amazon was accurate in description and I received them sooner than the expected delivery date . love Amazon !
 Certainly the best pair of hiking shoes I 've ever had -LRB- I have n't had too many -RRB- . The shoes are perfect for what they were made , they really are waterproof , they are quite comfortable , reliable and look nice.Points to improve
 I looked at these boots locally and a relative that works at Amazon.com as a picker said we may sell those so i checked and i saved $ 31.00 buy getting them from Amazon.com , Thanks for your promt service and good prices . T.Jenkins
 This is my fourth set of Hi Tec boots . They are the only shoe I own that never hurt my feet . They are made well and last .
 I walk back and forth to work , 6.5 mile roundtrip . I got these for walking in the snow and slush . I have put over 100 miles of roadside walking on these in all kinds of weather -LRB- rain , snow , & slush -RRB- . Never a sore spot and my feet stay dry ! I just love these !
 Love them . My son wanted them so badly and luckily they were only in stock at Amazon . They are warm , comfortable and look great . Another great product ordered from Amazon.Thank you !
 I received my Hi-Tec Altitude boots and am very pleased . I had purchased a Hi-Tec product from a retailer some time ago and was pleased with the fit , in particular . The Altitudes are solidly made , fit very well , are comfortable and as waterproof as described . I have shopped extensively for waterproof boots for trekking through the rain , snow and slush of New York City . I walk 20-30 blocks a day in these and they perform very well . I have been unable to find a similar pair of boots at this price anywhere I have shopped . I recommend these highly .
 First off , I would just like to say that have a 14W shoe size which makes shopping very difficult , until now , on Amazon . This was actually the first pair of shoes I bought and actually wanted . Usually I take what I can get . I 've worn them every day for the past 1-2 months , and I love them . They did n't require much breaking in and are a very comfortable fit . They are super light . My father lifted them to take a closer look and said in amazement , `` They 're light ! '' The Waterproof function of the shoe works very well , which i am glad of , because wet socks are no friend of mine . I have no need for them now , but I almost want to buy another pair just because . After a few hikes I will post how well they fair on the hills .
 The Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude waterproof hiker has out performed more expense boots I have owned . With the December snow storm in the east , it was a great test . I gave my old Hi-Tec hikers to my son because he liked them so much . That 's why I purchase another pair .
 The `` Fours '' recently purchased are just as comfortable and supportive , right of the box-as were my two previous `` Fours '' . My first pair just wore out after four years of constant hiking . Unfortunately , the second pair , after two years of Catskill hiking lost its waterproofing ability but I believe that was so because of a seam opening between the uppers and sole ; it has however remained my fair-weather hiking boot . My newest `` Fours '' are terrific . I had to get them in second choice , black . I 'll get used to them .
 These are my 1st pair of Hi-Tec boots and I could recommend them to anyone looking for a quality product at a great price .
 My husband has been wearing this paticular Hi-Tec Altitude IV WP boot for about 5 years . He says they are comfortable right away ... no break in time . He is a farmer -LRB- wheat & dates -RRB- and also a commercial tuna fisherman . He does pretty much everything in his boots and loves them . They are also great hikers . We always carry a new boot for when the others just ca n't make another day or he wants to `` dress '' up . He is flat footed , so wears an ortho in it . His favorite shoe ever .
 Pretty comfortable from day one . I wish I would have searched the web more . Found them 20 bucks cheaper after purchasing these .
 So far I 'm very happy with my boots.They fit well and seem very well constructed.Time wiill tell how they perform but so far so good .
 Delivery time was excellent . The comments others have made about the boot running narrow are correct . I ordered a wide but while the boot fits ok it does feel tight in the width . The first couple of times I wore it on short hikes it was comfortable , but on a 3 hour hike it rubbed off the skin on the side of my left heel . Also , the boots have a very stiff sole . However , walking in wet snow the boot remained perfectly dry . I 'm new to hiking so perhaps this is normal , but the boot leaves something to be desired as far as foot comfort goes .
 My husband has really poor feet and these are the only boots he finds comfortable , value for money and long lasting.Extremely fast delivery ! Will be buying from Amazon again !
 This is my second pair , the first are wearing like iron and I wanted to make sure I could replace them .
 Bought this for Michigan winter . Keeps my feet warm and dry . Works fine on icy surfaces as well . Will test its durability now
 These boots are often on sale for $ 50 or less . That is a fantastic value for a all-leather waterproof hiking boot . These boots are not the lightest weight , but they are fairly durable . The leather is a little stiff when new , but breaks in quickly to give you a very comfortable semi-custom fit . The wide , thick sole gives you great stability on and protection from rocky trails . These boots do have an EVA midsole , so they wo n't last for years like high-end boots with polyurethane midsoles , but these do cost half the price of high-end boots .
 The person I purchased them for feel they are very comfortable . I was worried at first with buying boots from on line , but it turned out ok .
 These are my second pair of Hi Tec Altitude hiking boots , and they are even better than the first pair . Better quality , better fit , better style , etc. . I found a USED pair in my size at Amazon for half the regular price , so I bought them . There is nothing to show they were used . They are like new . Great deal !
 That fellow that made these boots must have small feet just like mine . They fit perfectly and hold up very well .
 These shoes work excellent in a lot water conditions . My husband has been using them for more than 4 years . We tried others brands but this ones are the best .
 I have been a Merrell boot fan for 20 years , but my feet seem to want wider boots now and my preferred Merrell -LRB- Perimeter -RRB- does not come wide enough . As another recent reviewer notes Merrells are wide to start , but not wide enough in this case . I was n't pleased that I had to switch because I loved all my Merrells , but I have been extremely pleased with my Altitudes . The wide size does work for me . These are comfortable for hiking , working in the woods , or just general wear . These have been my almost-every-day boots for over 18 months and they are holding up extremely well - the side seam is starting to go but they will still last a couple more months and there is still a little tread left . My next pair of boots -LRB- within 2 months -RRB- will definitely be another pair of wide Altitudes .
 These arrived quickly fit great and are very comfortable . I bought these for general use during colder months to replace sneakers .
 They really do keep any water from getting in , and they are quite warm ! Do n't know what I 'd do without them with winter coming along .
 I have bought about 20 pair of these boots over the past 6 or 7 years . I usually buy them 2 pair at a time and wear one for work and one for good.Even when you buy them at the buy one get one half price in stores the price on here is by far cheaper than anywhere else.They are comfortable , waterproof , last a long time and are light weight .
 I have only wore these boots a couple of times , so I may be reviewing them too soon . As other reviewers have stated they do n't seem to need a break in period , but there is a certain &#34; learning &#34; period . I say this as a person who literally has worn nothing but tennis shoes for years . The learning is getting used to the extra weight and bulk on your feet . I bought these to be a part of my &#34; bug out &#34; plan . I will soon be going on a real hike on rougher terrain to see how they feel then . Plus until I have put many more mile on them to see how they hold up I ca n't say for sure how many stars they deserve . I give them 4 for now and assuming 200-300 miles from now they are still in good shape I would change it to 5 .
 Great shoes , the same product as in the description . Few did not like the fact that the adhesive is already dirtied Nubuck Leather in some places . Otherwise , everything is fine . Recommend to anyone who likes sports shoes .
 The quality of this shoe is much better than I expected . The leather is high quality , the overall design is nice and fits well . Very pleased !
 I have enjoyed wearing Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV for a number of years now -- a good product . I titled this review as a `` Work Shoe '' , but they are an excellent walking boot for me as well .
 Sooooooooooo comfortable . Put them on this morning and am still wearing them as I write this review . I walk a lot . To the store , post office , behind the push mower , , , , , lol . So I wanted a boot that would be good for my feet . Found them !!!! Bought me a size 11.5 W and their a perfect fit . Very happy with my order . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 This is my second pair of this Hi Tec boot . The first pair lasted a very long time and was very comfortable the whole time . They break in right away . For years I was a die hard Danner buyer and I can say these beat my last pair of over priced Danner hikers hands down . -LRB- really they were more sneaker than hiker - I still love my Danner steel toes for a work boot -RRB- But my favorite thing about these Hi Tec boots are the eyes and hooks - THEY ARE THE BEST I 'VE EVER OWNED . The laces last forever because the eyes and hooks are so smooth and rounded . Like I said , just bought my second pair - five star goodness .
 I just bought these to use in the woods to play paintball , but also for general yard work , shoveling snow , etc. . They were n't too hot , and give good support . I did n't test out their waterproof-ness , but I am happy with these boots for the price .
 Good solid shoes , rugged and nice looking . They last a long time under heavy use . Have bought before , would buy again .
 I am an EMT on an ambulance service . I have bought 3 pairs of these boots and plan on staying with them . They very durable and tough boots . I am in and out of mud , water , and other assorted `` fluids '' constantly and these boots never let me down . My feet are always warm and dry . In many shoes , in the summer when temperatures soar my feet will sweat ; I 've never had this issue with these boots . I love them !
 My husband loves these shoes . We always buy more than one pair at a time so he always has a pair .
 i have always enjoyed the altitude but here i managed to find some at a decent price.comfortable feel and not a killer price is what hi-tec seems to be good at.develery was right on time too .
 Went to Yellowstone in these boots . They were comfortable , waterproof and did well on the 328 steps to get down to lower falls .
 Excelente producto , quedo muy satisfecho con el producto y con Amazon , por la puntualidad en la entrega , la calidad del producto , zapatos muy comodos , resistentes . Excelente muy recomendable .
 If you want some comfortable boots these are the ones . My 5th consecutive pair .
 These are my busbands favortie hike boot and work boot . The hold up well for about a year , if i switch between these & another pair . Great 8hr day boot , especially those like me who do landscaping , street work etc. . Great overall fit , his feet have bunions , water proof is excel. , great support , Amazon has had the lowest price anywhere . Great for lite/mod . hikes . Hiked at the Pinnacles , Hollister , CA up the Condor trail . The grade/incline is steep , gravely , dirt , and slippery these boots held up !!!!!!!!!! didnt see one Condor , but it was a nice workout and his feet were comfy , cool and no pain . Right out of the box , comfort !!!
 These boots are extremely comfortable and very waterproof . I use them for powerwasher and stay dry and comfortable even though I am on my feet for many hours .
 Excellent hiking or everyday boot.Extremely good value and fit.Hardly any `` breakin '' required.I would definitely recommend these for anyone interested in a hard wearing boot , for the money .
 I buy a new pair of Hi-tec 's like these re-occuringly . Waterproof , not bad to look at , pretty comfortable and very long wear . Recommend to got a width wider when ordering -LRB- if you 're in a climate where in the winter you 'd want thick socks -RRB- .
 Have been a Hi-Tec fan for many years ... another good effort by this manufacturer ... thank you for value delivered .
 I agree with all of the positive comments about this boot . I 've had a pair of Hi-Tec Altitude `` originals '' -LRB- before they started putting numbers in the name -RRB- that just would n't die ... until recently . I now have a brand new pair of Altitude IVs , and they 're as good and almost as comfortable right out of the box as the old ones were after several years of hard use . This is a quality , comfortable boot . I 'll keep buying Altitudes as long as they keep making them -- regardless of what number they put in the name.While I purchase quite a bit every year on Amazon because they 've always provided me with excellent service and good prices , I found my new pair of Altitude IVs at HikingBoots.com . They were a little cheaper -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- and the customer service was every bit as good as Amazon . I 'm not an employee -- just a very satisfied first-time customer .
 I compared hiking boots for quite awhile trying to choose the best for my situation . My ankles had been bothering me if I pushed too hard for years . Last fall , I injured some ligaments and tendons in my right heel and it was painful to walk . I reviewed and read reviews of hiking boots up to about $ 600 , comparing features , weight , etcetera . I was unwilling to spend that much not being sure they would work for me . Many hiking boots are not available as a wide width , which I need . I read a review of hiking boots under $ 200 , focused on the Hi-Tec Altitude boot ; liked the price , features , and weight , and bought a pair . When they arrived , I put them on and was impressed how comfortable they were right out of the box . I wore them around home to break them in for several days , then went for a three mile walk - my feet felt great . Because everything I really like is sometimes not available when I need to replace them , I ordered a second pair and put them on the shelf for future use . I have had them several months now and am reveling in my new freedom .
 Was looking for a waterproof boot with rugged durability . These boots were even better than my expectations . They feel solid , yet retain a high comfort level for your feet . Perfect for work , hiking , or when SHTF .
 I 've had the pair I own now for at least 3 years and have abused them every chance I got . I never even tried to be nice to them and they were GREAT ! I am getting another pair right no because the top finally pulled away from the sole a bit . They are lightweight , very comfortable and extremely waterproof.You should buy these boots immediately !
 Great boots . Never had better . Hold up well and definitely keep the water out . Nice and warm in the New England winters . Highly recommend these boots .
 Bought on the strength of other reviews and so far I agree , this is a great winter boot . Only problem I had was that the tongue of one boot folded inward and caused a sore on my ankle after my first four mile walk . I bent it back the other way and wrapped it with rubber bands overnight . Definitely buy wide and half a size larger than your usual . Am looking forward to using them on longer hikes .
 Great boot wear like sneakers but are tough and waterproof never had such a great pair of boots . I wear them daily and they never let me down , just a great product
 This is my 2nd pair . This pair was stiff and needed some break in , but feel great now.Would recommend
 Had these for a little over six months now . I 've been hiking in the forest , rock hopping , walking all day in the city in these shoes . My feet have never hurt after wearing them all day .
 This is my second pair of these boots , and I bought a pair for my son , also . Though I would like the soles to last longer , I realize that I am hard on my boots . There is that balance between softness/traction and hardness/longevity to consider . The uppers stay in great shape . I am very satisfied with the boots , and Amazon is a very reliable company to work with . They ship accurately and quickly .
 I was looking for a pair of high-top shoes for walking when I found a review of Hi-Tec 's Altitude IV Hiking Boot . They sounded what I had been looking for , so I purchased a pair.I have been pleased with the fit and comfort of the boots , and the short break-in period . I thought at first that the soles might be a little too aggressive for my needs , but they have worked out fine . The jury is still out on the durability , since I have only worn them for about a month , but I am very happy with the purchase . I like the looks of the boots as well .
 Before my purchase I read all the rave review 's about this boot . I 'm now in total agreement with everyone else . This is the most comfortable shoe I 've ever worn . After one week I bought a second pair -LRB- Black & Brown -RRB- . I work in a casual dress office and , they look great !
 This is the only boot my brother will wear at construction job sites in Colorado . He says it is the only boot that does n't hurt his feet and is long wearing .
 Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet -LRB- womens -RRB- I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots . They are stylish , waterproof , well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot . This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet ; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in . In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia , and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon . And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly . I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands . The Altitude rates as the best to date . I can not recommend this boot highly enough .
 I do n't think you can find a better waterproof leather hiking boot for the money . I wore them `` fresh out of the box '' for 4 weekends in a row . The first weekend they were a little stiff , and now they feel like a best friend . Highly recommend these hiking boots for quality and price .
 Great buy . Size fit perfectly . Normal wear and tear is almost unnoticeable . I gave them a four because in the beginning they cut at the back of my ankle but after a month or so of wearing them out they now fit like a glove . Came before delivery date . I highly recommend them . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 wear them fall , winter , and spring . love these boots . I do use an innersole though.Great price from Amazon -LRB- the best I could find -RRB-
 This is the boot I 've been buying for general purpose for 10 years . An excellent boot - wide enough for my wide feet - fit well right out of the box - leather is tough enough to last many years and out sole is very close to being a ` mountain ' out sole . Good support , good shank , good cushion . this my boot of choice of work and light hiking .
 I had initially purchased a pair of Asolo Moran GTX . Although they were great boots , wearing those around the house made me realize that the right boot pinched a bit too much for my liking . Those got returned and in desperation picked up a pair of these . For the price -LRB- roughly 1/3 of the Asolo -RRB- these are fantastic boots.Break-in was fairly quick with my biggest problem area being around the shin . A strategic fold of the smartwool socks intially took care of any discomfort for the test hikes around the neighborhood . I have had no issues with the boots since then . I have deliberately stepped into streams to test the `` waterproofness '' noting no problems . The traction seemed fine.Great boots and will most likely purchase them again .
 Great price , great fit , great look , I have a bad ankle and it feels great to walk in , great support in other words great boot
 I just now purchased on Amazon my third pair of Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Boots -LRB- over the course of 10 years -RRB- . I live in Minnesota and have found these boots to be excellent in all types of weather , year-around . In addition to wearing these boots every workday on my warehouse job , I do a lot of weekend hiking , camping and exploring of the North Woods and have never been disappointed with these boot 's performance . When worn -LRB- and sized -RRB- for a good pair of extra cushioned wool socks -LRB- I buy Smartwool Trekkers Series -RRB- , these boots are warm enough for shoveling snow and are also comfortable and cool enough for summer wear . It is a perfect light , all around utility boot and I highly recommend them . They are the only boots I have ever literally worn out -LRB- they never failed due to workmanship or materials -RRB- . I just replace the shoestrings with a good quality boot lace and they `` keep on running '' !!
 Bought these for a trip to patagonia last minute . `` broke them in ' on the plane ride down and for one day in Buenos Aires and that was enough . Very comfortable and water proof . Great buy
 Took the boot on a 4 day backpack trip - no problems . Fits great . Good support . Light weight . Water proof . Inexpensive . No complaints !
 i was hiking last sunday on the north east side of barbados , they protected my feet when i stepped the sea rocks along the shoreline.i used wear shoes and my feet are not longer wet i walked thru wet grass or i stepped into water.they are comfortable . i dont have worry about twristing my ankles no more or hurting my feet on jagged rocks.one hiking buddies stated that i must have on goat parts because he said , i was going very fast along the shoreline , sometime there was very little space for footing . i was going buy an other brand but when i saw them online , i wanted them ! they are grrreeeaat!them light weight . before i bought the boots , i used wear a pair of running shoes and the rain comes or falls the night before ! my feet would wet and will bring alot of discomforts to my feet but alas i have my htmaivwp hiking boots . they are great .
 I 'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT , HAVE WORN THIS BRAND , AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS . THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING , WITH ANKLE SUPPORT . I WORK OUTDOORS , IN WINTER WEATHER , SUMMER HEAT , AND RAIN . GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE . WILL BUY AGAIN . CHARLIE W.
 We use Hi-Tec boots and shoes for storm chasing . They 've always made an excellent lightweight hiking boot . The Altitude IV is rough and tough but also looks good for a night out on the town . We get our boots dirty as we trek across Tornado Alley each spring . Our Hi-Tec 's take good care of our feet as we concentrate on the weather.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I was a little skeptical of the boots at first because of the very low price , also they seemed oddly roomy when I tried them on ; but for only around $ 60 dollars I decided to take a chance and bought them . I first wore them out for a hike in about 10 inches of snow at my local state park . My feet got a little wet that day but I think it was due more to sinking into the snow over top the boot . After about 3 fairly strenous miles the top of my left foot was so sore I hiked back to my car and drove home.I did n't wear the boots again until early spring when I went back to work landscaping . If you 've never worked in landscaping you should know that there is much more to it than sitting on a lawn mower . In a typical day I 'm on my feet for 9-12 hours a day , walking from 5-7 miles carrying heavy buckets of mulch and using heavy commercial blowers , weedeaters , and weed killer tanks . The boots performed wonderfully . Within less than a week the boots had completely formed to my feet . The roomy feeling transformed into to best fit my foot has ever felt . My feet have never once been wet since the first outing . The soles are stiff eoungh to take a beating day after day but not too rigid to be uncomfortable . The only negative I 've found is that if I use the top lace hooks , the boots are too tight on my upper ankles so I simply do not use the top lace hooks when tieing up.I can honestly say these boots are a joy to put on every morning and their comfort keep me going strong all day long . Although a more expensive pair of boots my provide more support for very heavy loads -LRB- like heavy packs -RRB- these boots are perfect for the dayhiker , landscaper , or anyone needing a light but strong shoe for work . I would def buy again .
 My ex bought these for me for $ 70 to get me into hiking here in the Cascades around Seattle -LRB- I have always hiked wearing regular shoes , but on flatter terrain in Northern California -RRB- . I have always worn them with hiking socks and liners and they have been phenomenal . I think the longest hike I 've done is 8 or 9 miles in a day , but I 've done quite a bit of vertical including Mailbox and Snoqualmie Mountain and these have never let me down . After two years I can still slosh through creeks and melting snow and I 've never gotten wet feet . The boots have held up well and look as though they 'll last another year or two of hiking and snowshoeing .
 These boots are the best I 've ever owned . So good , that I own two pairs , and bought my dad a pair . And he swears by them too . If you have aching feet , soreness , or a weak ankle , these boots have a therapeutic effect ! I am not into medicine or anything but I have to say , these boots are very supportive and make your feet feel strong and no strain on the joints .
 I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather . After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm , I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway . Two hours later , my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on . These boots are great hikers , but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow .
 I WORK IN A MEAT DEPARTMENT , AND MY FEET WERE ALWAYS COLD AND WET.I ORDERED THESE BOOTS AND I PLAN ON GETTING A FEW MORE PAIRS.THEY KEEP MY FEET WARM WHILE BEING VERY COMFORTABLE AND DRY . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET THEM BUT THEY ARE WORTH IT
 They look good . They are very comfortable . I have wide feet and high arches the EEE was a good choice . Not made in America ... but not made in China . Indonesia is not Indiana but better than China .
 This is a great boot . I have worn them most every day for two years , winter spring summer fall . They are great in the snow . My feet have never been wet and I do n't think they have been cold . The only problem is that after two years they still look great so I do n't have a good excuse for buying another pair .
 I had bought a pair of these before at another retail store and they fit great . These are great fitting boots . I would recommend these to others .
 First day with these boots and I just got back from a hard 2hr hike . These boots did awesome ! I plan to continue buying these boots as needed : -RRB-
 We bought these for my husband . He has a rough time with shoes of any kind . These needed some time to be broke in but beyond that are very good . Good price - good value for the money , we think .
 These have been great hiking boots . The waterproofing has worked perfectly so far , and they 've been comfortable , even on long hikes .
 Great boots . Quick response . Will be ordering more . I have been wearing this product for many years and love them .
 I ordered my boots because they sounded great . I am not disappointed , they are great right out of the box.Fit well except the tongue is very short and could fit better around the ankle more . My order was delayed because of the snow but i am happy to finally be wearing them . Thank you very much for selling these fine and affordable boots . P.S I will spread the word to all the people i know who want happy feet . signed Mark Berglund
 This product arrived on time and in excellent condition . These boots have a good arch and seem sturdy . They do look a little cheaper than I anticipated . The tread is great . Size runs true .
 I have an old pair and they are great in the winter and comfortable . SoooooI ordered a second pair for this winter and by the looks at the snow fall yesterday , it was a good choice .
 Received these for Christmas and tried them out for the first time today . I got 10.5 Wide , and after calling Hi-Tec realized that Amazon mislabels these as 2E shoes when all wide shoes from Hi-Tec are 3e . These shoes are great ! Super waterproof , true to size , and simply a great hiking boot . Hiked 8 miles today to break them in , no blisters . Slight pain for the first few miles , but after they were great.I 'll keep everyone posted as I keep using them . Very impressed so far .
 First pair lasted a couple of years and served me well ; paid a little more for a full leather upper a year ago and these babies still keep my feet warm and dry . Good value boot for the money .
 I have been wearing altitudes for years now and i would n't buy another brand/type . These have been on my feet all over the world in all types of weather conditions . I wear the soles out well before anything else wears out . High Quality and highly recommended
 Bought as a gift for father who actually requested another pair of Hi-Tec boots for Christmas but after reading reviews regarding foot and ankle support selected the Altitude IV instead . Size fit great , color was dark chocolate and best of all was delivery ... bought last minute before Christmas and was delivered to my house on Christmas Eve ! Highly recommend for mountain hiking via my dad 's comments .
 This is my second pair . First pair I wore until the soles were paper thin . Still use them about the yard . Second pair was deliverd quick . Fantastic waterproof feature and comfortable . I occasionally spray shoes to keep them in top notch condition . I high recommend these boots . They are perfect also for hikes as I have wore mine on the AT everytime I visit .
 This boot fits to size and is comfortable . I would purchase again . I use to purchase boots from LL Bean .
 Received these boots today and I have to tell you they are great . My feet after 74yrs hurt after taking my walk but i went today for a mile and my feet feel great . Now if i can get my hips to stop hurting we will be ready for that five mi.Thanks Hi-Tec AND AMAZON For the great price and fast shipping .
 Comfortable right out of the box . Well made . Durable . Ca n't vouch for the waterproofing of them , as I have learned many moons ago ... no shoes are waterproof . I refuse to test them , once you do ... they never seem to be the same .
 Bought these for my husband so this review is from him . He has purchased these boots before and wanted another pair because he was so pleased . He wears standard width size 15 boots . These Hi-Tec boots truly are waterproof . His feet have never gotten wet while wearing them . The tread holds well on all kinds of terrains . He leads photo workshops in Yosemite National Park so he needs great hiking boots -- and these work well for him . The first pair lasted years , ca n't remember when he bought them . We expect just as great a performance from this pair .
 great boots even works great while walking up wet boards !!! buy this product you will not be sorry , well made and true to size .
 I am a forester and bought these boots for work . They feel good and are light , which makes a difference after a full day of work.I 've used them for a week and really like them . Still have a while to go to see how they last in the briars and vines in the south.I wished Hi Tec made this in a 7 or 8 inch high boot .
 these boots seem to be made well and they are fairly comfortable . The Hi-Tec boots have decent reviews and with a size 16 my options were limited .
 I like the no scuff leather . The boots broke in hard , but all the good boots I have had broke in hard . I have a pair of Hi - Tec boots like this pair I have had for years and if this pair holds up as good I will be a Hi-Tec wearer for life !
 This is the second pair I have owned so obviously I like them . Design seem to have changed . The toung is cut lower not a problem if you do n't lace them all the way up , but I do . The toung slipes under the lacing allowing the laces to contact your leg , not very confortable . I corrected the problem by lacing from the top fixed eye to the top open eye and back down to the bottom open eye . I will look closer at the next pair to see if the toung is cut short , if so I 'll look for another boot .
 I have a bad foot , past neuroma surgery . These boots are the most supportive , stable , comfortable things I have put on my feet in years . VERY reasonably priced , considering the comfort and quality . I just ordered the low-shoe version of these too . That is how much I like them .
 I have owned 3 pairs of the Hi-Tech Altitude IV 's . I use them for everything , includeing work . They are very lite , comfortable and very durable . These are the best boots -LRB- hikers -RRB- that i have ever owned . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought these boots to replace my three year old boots that I had bought to replace my summer weight non waterproof boots that I still have and use if I know water wo n't be involved . All the boots I have bought in the last 5 years have been Hi-Tec . They fit and feel like a sneaker once you get them broken in . I am in the process of breaking these new ones in , it has only been two days so they are still a little stiff . I figure that by next week I will be good to go in these . I use these for work , daily wear , hiking , walking , walking in rain , steeping in streams , walking in snow , mowing the lawn , using the snowblower , snowshoeing , and they work great with my yak-trax when I walk on ice . The only reason I replaced my old ones is because they were starting to leak water when I submerged them for more than a few seconds . Great boots , I do n't regret any pair of Hi-Hec 's I ever bought .1 / 23/12 UPDATE ! I am now on pair number 4 of these boots and I will say that while these are every bit as good at protecting my foot as every pair of Hi-Tec boots I have owned there was a down side this time . It has taken over two weeks of daily wear to get these broken in , and they still need a little more work . Mostly they are tight in the ankle area but softening . I really like the boots , but over two weeks to break in is a little much .
 Seriously , I like HiTec in general for value , comfort & fit . I think this is my fourth Hitec boot.I bought this style specifically for trail-building , which requires a strong , heavy-duty boot . We work in ankle-twisting rock formations and I was comfortable that I 'd have good ankle support . And I do . I 've owned mine for about 1 1/2 years with at least twice monthly trail activities , builoding or hiking . I could not be happier , no matter the cost .
 This boot is well constructed for a light weight boot . I experienced minimum break in time with no hot spots . Good support and quite comfortable . I have not hiked in wet conditions so I can not speak to the water proof feature . The boot runs true to size . I would buy another pair if these were damaged or lost .
 the fit is good , are truly waterproof right out of the box , no break in period
 For the money , I do n't think you can buy a better hiking boot . In fact I think these boots are a great buy even at full list price . At least for my feet , Hi-Tec boots have always been long on comfort and durability . I 've had these boots for several years and worn them for hiking , birding and general outdoor stuff . They 're great for keeping your feet dry crossing streams or walking through wet grass . They require little if any break in . There 's really nothing wrong with the laces that come with the boots , but for just a few bucks I prefer some good round boot laces on them . For me these are easier to tighten and have a more substantial feel .
 I bought a pair of Altitudes about 8 years ago and loved them . I use them for hunting and Search & Rescue . They have held up well and are very comfortable . The new pair I just bought feel just as good and I should get many years out of them also.Dennis
 I 'm have never been disappointed with a Hi-Tech shoe . The Altitude is a fantastic boot and nicely priced . My last pair lasted four year and I just bought another . Better waterproofing than my gore-tech hikers . I try other hikers but I keep coming back to Hi-Tec .
 Want to add my recommendation for a great waterproof boot . Why pay more ? Going on two years of use , trail hiking , backpack camping , urban hiking and an occasional run . It 's that comfortable . Need the support of a full-height boot and this one gives good ankle protection . Waded through streams up to my ankles and kept my feet absolutely dry partly due to the gusseted tongue . Deep multi-directional lugs give great traction even on the muddiest trail . Cleans up pretty well also . Showing a little wear around the heel and toe , but attribute that to walking and jogging on concrete and asphalt since the lugs look in perfect shape . Otherwise bullet-proof . Could be lighter but would not trade this for a less durable boot . Will probably buy this boot again when this one wears out , but who knows when that will be ?
 CAUTION - likely over 75 % of the positive reviews that apply to these boots , do not actually apply anymore to these boots . After wearing out a set of these boots over the years and proclaiming them my favorite ever - I asked ` Santa ' to bring me a new pair for Christmas . I was very bummed to find out the boots are not made the same as they were before . There are some minor exterior differences which indicate a lower quality manufacturing process , such as the poor quality detail of the Hitec logo on the metal quick lace points as compared to my first pair , or the rubbery look of the leather . But the biggest change is that a low quality insole has been substituted for what was a very comfortable insole.In my first pair of these boots was a very comfy insole with a much thicker arch cushion . In these new boots the insole is stamped out of one uniformly thin piece of rubber foam from heel to toe , with not nearly enough cushion to protect your arch from the rigid boot frame . The old insoles were contoured with varying thickness along the insole , and with at least 5x thicker cushion in the arch . So these new boots are digging into my arch and they are basically unwearable . *** UPDATE JANUARY 15 2013 *** I called Hi-Tec customer service and discussed the difference in the insoles . They offered to send me a pair of MAGNUM 3D2 Contoured Comfort Insoles - they are much better in every respect . I am revising my review up to four stars based on the excellent customer service I received .
 This is my fourth pair in the last four years . I wear them for work , so approx 60 hours a week and I walk NON-stop . I truly wear holes in the soles . There are well made and SO light weight . They are comfortable and I NEVER have any foot pain . I tried buying a different brand a few weeks ago because they looked almost identical -LRB- they were $ 15 cheaper -RRB- and I regretted every minute of them for two weeks straight . I threw the other ones away and bought the tried and true ! They are completely waterproof and wick away the moisture from my feet . I will never buy a different boot .
 I have been wearing these boots for 5 years there the best work boots I 've ever purchased . I also seal them with sno-seal which really makes them water proof , keeps feet warm and dry in slush and snow .
 This is a great boot . Light with good arch support . I wear them in mud and rain and my feet are dry and warm . Well worth the money .
 Had my first pair for seven years . Most comfortable shoes/boots I 've ever found . Just a little too worn to look nice . I 'll use them around the yard . Paid even less for the new pair than I did seven years ago . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've worn my previous pair for hiking in California and the Swiss Alps , in rain and shine , and my only complaint is that I would have liked a more rigid sole for the rougher terrain . Other than that i ca n't fault the comfort or durability . I got the second pair because although the first has lots of life left , I would hate to have to look around for something this good at this good a price again !
 At half a century old , I 've been camping for as long as I can remember . When I had to start buying my own boots , I went cheap to save money . I got exactly what I paid for ! Now do n't get me wrong , if you need reliable foot protection to go caving one weekend , K-Mart and WalMart offer excellent choices . Personally , I would rather drop $ 70 on a great pair of boots and wear them 2 years than spend $ 30 every 6 months.I 've owned 3 pair of Timberlands . The first shrunk too small while drying next to the fire . My bad . The bottom of the 2nd pair , in my opinion , wore out prematurely . It was n't until the 3rd that I realized the sole was simply an inferior material . Hello Hi-Tec ! I fell in love with my first pair immediately.ProsThere was no break-in period , not even for my EEE wide dogs ! I wear them till they fall apart . Then I purchase another . Years later , another . The Altitude IV waterproof hiking boot has great ankle support , it 's fairly light weight , definitely waterproof , somehow breathes well even for the aroma my feet produce , the speed laces are absolutely a plus and the soles have a more aggressive pattern than comparable brands . -LRB- Did I mention I use mine for caving ? -RRB- ConsConstruction and durability - absolutely NONE!Availability - I only wished more shoe stores carried them so prices would be more competitive . Thank goodness for Amazon.Would I recommend this product?A good pair of boots is an &#34; investment &#34; . Do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . When I did the math , the only correct answer is Hi-Tec !
 These boots not just look good but are very comfortable , this is my third pair ... I would recommend these to any one who is looking for a low price hiking boot
 I am not an outdoor person nor a hiker . I work in IT and often walk a lot . I had the normal work shoes , even a pair of Dr. Schols . My feet around the balls of my feet HURT . It was to the point i was going to see a doctor as I felt like an old man . I decided to try these boots since all my walking was like hiking . This was more then I ever spent on a pair of shoes , but that pain was just too much . I began wearing these shoes and within a week I could feel the pain in feet going away . Now I am pain free and I wear the boots EVERYWHERE . Money well spent .
 Let me start by saying that this is a real user review !! I bought this same pair of shoes at a local store $ 10 cheaper thanks to a store $ 10 coupon ! I do n't go by first impressions as most users do , but rather by making an educated judgement of anything I buy these days til I try it out first ! having said that looks does n't matter to me as much as comfort , quality of material , and how well something will last.If I were to review this shoes during the break in period , I would have given it one star ! the trial break in period for this pair of hiking boots during the first six weeks was very disappointing and very painful to say the least ; as the heel broke through my skin , leaving me with two bleeding blisters . I had to stop wearing them for a week until the wounds healed . But since I loved the simple not over the top look of this shoes , so I decided to give it another try at wearing them . I particularly love the hooks to tight up the shoe laces !! I also felt the shoes looked well built and seem like it would last.Well it has been three months since , and must admit that I love them ! they feel very comfortable , very supportive for those of us with medium to high arch , and the quality of this pair of hiking boots seem to hold up exceptionally well for someone who does an average of 40 miles of hiking per week . The bottom outsole of these shoes has not worn out one bit ; as it still looks as good as new as when I first bought them . Since my feet grows about half a size every couple of years I intend to buy another pair soon ! WORTH EVERY PENNY !! My new favorite kind of footwear . I even wear them to work in suit and tie !!
 This is the third pair of this particular boot I 've purchased . I 've hiked the others into the ground . Excellent support , very comfortable , and the waterproofing is a nice extra where we hike . When my current pair dies , I 'll give them a decent burial - and buy another pair .
 These are the same boots I have been buying for 6 years . The black is new to me but life is about change right ? Another awesome Hi Tec product at a good price . Thanks amazon team !
 I 've had these shoes for a little over a year and I enjoy them . I am a route sales driver and I need a boot that can stand up to harsh winters and huge rainstorms . These boots have defintely done the job . I am on my second pair already , and i use them 8 hrs a day everyday , The are also rain proof which helps . In the winter and during the rain i 've never had water get in and get my socks even remotely wet . I actually wore off most of the soles of my first pair , otherwise I would still have them .
 My old Hi-tec Windhoek 's finally wore out . I use these boots as my everyday and light hiking boots . Amazon 's price for the Altitude IV is unbelievable since a local boot store was selling them for $ 84.00 . Seems like a nice sturdy boot with agressive soles that should give me lots of wear time . The size was just right . The upper hook eyelets are a little difficult to get the laces to , but with practice it gets easier .
 I ordered these in fall when I was going for a backpacking trip and I could just forget about twisting an ankle or anything . Wear these , step on any kind of surface with confidence , lots of grip , good support for the ankle . Will highly recommend these for snow as well as adventure !!
 I 've had an older pair of these same boots for years , and it was finally time to replace them due to wear . It looked around at various brands for the same type of boots , and ended up back at these Hi-Tec Altitudes again . The appearance and value of these boots is hard to beat . I bought a pair in black and dark chocolate and they 're both great boots . The sizing was accurate , and the boots fit perfectly .
 I was interested in getting a good pair of boots at a great price . I received a great pair of boots at a great price ! I use my boots both for hiking and as winter boots . Comfortable , durable and very waterproof , these boots were more than I expected . I nearly bought boots that cost nearly twice as much because of the name . I 'm certainly glad I reconsider ! Hi-tec boots a great buy . Boots come waterproof but I added mink oil for extra protection and easier clean off !
 I wear these for my everyday general use . I 'm usually pretty rough on shoes and found these last me a good long time . Very comfortable , even out of the box . I bought my first pair of these about 3 years ago , and had to get another when they started wearing out . More than likely will buy another pair in 3 years if they 're still available .
 This was the best out there for the money . Bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Very water proof after playing in the snow with the kids ...
 This is the second pair of Altitude IV boots for me and I ca n't imagine a better hiking boot for my purposes . I hike hilly , wooded areas daily and wear these boots throughout the year . My previous pair lasted three years and the only problem is the lining of the heel wore out . They are now my work boots.They look good and lace up well . Break in is immediate . I do n't walk in rivers , but waterproofing lasted a year before needing treatment . Their lightweight and durability amaze me . The only thing that concerns me is that Hi-Tec might stop making them by the time I need another pair .
 I am from New Zealand and buying this shoe all the way from USA was an extreme decision . I got this shoe in June 2011 . I have been using it for the last few months and the following points are worth mentioning .1 . Great balance and fit . though initially a bit tight and takes a bit of wearing for proper fit which is quite natural for leather .2 . wear at the back heel at minimum which is a common problem for me and in some cases shoes may almost wear out in a month . -LRB- I walk to my work and return with is about daily 5kms -RRB- 3 . They are really waterproof ! Not a even any moistness inside ! Just wonderful4 . Elegant and good looking ! 5 . Worth the money spend including the $ 25 shipping ! Will buy again the same brand and product !
 Quality boot , it 's just like the discription states , no surprises . Rugged enough for work and good looking enough to were out . Quality boot , would buy again .
 Not sure how many years now that I have purchased this boot . I had very painful feet because of plantar fascitis , and was recomended , by my Dr. , to get a good sturdy supportive shoe . Went to the outlet mall near me and asked for a good boot that would support my ankles and help with the foot issue and put good orthotics inside them . This is what they had me try and they are comfortable , supportive , warm enough for winter , cool enough for the summer . I now buy a pair every time I need new shoes . I am a Farrier so I wear them a lot and they support my feet well . The planter fascitis does not bother me when using this boot with an orthotic which is not a pricy one
 Was happy to purchase these boots for a co-worker . He enjoys the boots and says they are truly comfortable . Very outstanding product .
 These boots have that classic hiking boot style to them . The NuBuck leather looks great and the boots are comfortable and seem well made . I 'm not really a hiker . I just like to wear hiking boots in the winter and these are perfect so far . I wear them everyday and I like them so much , I was thinking of ordering another pair !
 Hi-Tec Men 's Altitude IV Hiking BootEste producto fue comprado y cacelado junto con una cartera para caballero NAUTICA Men 's Trifold Wallent y numca fue enviado , este comentario lo he enviado muchas veses pero no me han solucionado nada , no voy a rrepatir mas este mensaje , pero no realizare mas compras por esta pajina debido a lo que esta sicediendo .
 I ordered these and only the very next day the price went down by $ 20 . But aside from that they have been a really good pair of boots.They had them in my size -LRB- 15 -RRB- which are hard for me to find.They arrived very quickly I believe within 4 days.Very comfortable , the only bad thing was that the laces only lasted about 2 weeks.I guess because the eyelets are made of metal .
 Honestly , I rely heavily on reviews , which is why I must comment on these . They are awesome ! I have never bought a pair of boots at this price that are so comfortable . I love them . I typically wear Vasque hiking boots or Montrails , but I did not want to spend over seventy-five dollars on boots . After all , they are just going to get muddy and trashed , right?These fit the bill , and they are plenty good for hiking . I can not comment on the waterproof capabilities because I do not plan on using them when it is wet . I just do n't want to chance ruining these . Although , they are very well made boots and I highly recommend them if you do not want to spend too much money on hiking boots . Save your money and buy these if they are still priced fairly -LRB- under sixty-five dollars -RRB- . Do n't go after those one hundred dollar or more pairs of boots . It is simply just wasting your money . These work as well as any hiking boots that I have ever worn for walking .
 My husband hikes daily and has very flat feet , wears custom orthotics and says these boots are the most comfortable he has ever worn . He says that Hi-Tec has not really changed these in years and from what I understand these are the most popular , largest selling boot , in the US . Because of his flat feet and difficult fit , he wears these all year hiking . They last him about 9 months , wearing them daily for his 1 hour hike , in rain , snow or summer heat . He highly recommends them !
 Yes , these boots are comfortable . They soften after a few miles of walking . They keep your feet warm and dry , especially with my smartwool socks . Order your normal shoe size , they will be just right with medium weight socks . I wo n't wear these around the house , running shoes are more comfortable . These will be for hiking , their intended purpose , which they do well . These were the best value that I could find anywhere .
 I found this boot very light and comfortable plus the fact that it 's waterproof . it fits perfect in my size , it 's warm and breathable too . I liked the colour very much and I was very pleased to find the product in such a good price , compared with other hiking boots that they are not waterproof at all . So far I have n't had the chance to try my boot in a heavy terrain like mud or snow but I believe that they are made for such surfaces .
 I hiked about 5.5 miles this weekend . These boots kept my feet comfortable , warm and dry the entire time . I plan to use them on longer hikes soon . I expect they will be just as comfortable at longer distances .
 Purchased these boots originally for my son -LRB- the outdoor / boy scout / hiker -RRB- ... then went camping but my old boots -LRB- Vasque Clarion Impact Gore-Tex Hiking Boot -RRB- which were tight even at a size 11 W. . . -LRB- I wear a 10.5 EEE -RRB- ... I decided to try these boots HiTec Boots at size 13M ... thinking , why not give them a chance ... on a weekend camp out in mud , rain and lots of walking -LRB- a Mountain Man theme camp out -RRB- . The boots fit great ... granted a bit long , but the width was just right , I replaced the insole with a pair of Spenco -LRB- r -RRB- Heavy Duty Insoles ... they were comfortable and they kept my feet dry . So , I did the next logical thing , bought a pair for me , same size , and all ... word of advise , I bought these in 11 W , they were to thin , I then bought size 13M ... maybe it was just my feet , but they work for me ... with a good insole , and a great lace technique , you have a good boot ... enjoy .
 I 've always loved the Hi-Tec Altitude boots . This will be my third pair of them . They were only replaced due to the wear and tear on them through the years I 've had them .
 I am just breaking these shoes in ; but to this point in time they are very comfortable . They appear to be made quite well and for the price they are a good value .
 My husband and my son are very happy with these boots that they find very comfortable . My other son , who advised that I buy them , has had his pair over two years and they 're still holding out .
 I just received my boots today , about 4 days after ordering . Shipping was very fast considering it was free . I 'll be honest , when I first put these boots on , I literally thought `` What the hell did I just buy ? '' I decided to walk around in them in a bit , because I read that they require some break-in . Well , after wearing them around the house for only a couple hours , they already are starting to feel extremely comfortable . I will test these boots out in the field as soon as possible and report back . My initial impressions are that these boots are an extreme value at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got my third pair of these boots just 3 weeks ago and have been wearing them about 3 times a week and , just like the others I have had in the past , they are already comfortably broken in . Waterproofing has been very good and I re-spray them about once a year . Very good on trail with firm support especially good on rocky conditions . Relatively light weight .
 Bought these boots to replace a pair of New Balance boots at twice the price that did n't hold up . These boots are easily more comfortable and are better built . Even though my current pair are still in great shape , I 'm tempted to buy another pair in case they become discontinued .
 I 've been hiking for as long as I can remember . I was in scouts growing up and still camp , hike and explore whenever I can . I 've had numerous hiking boots in my day and I have to say that these are my favorite . They took very little time to break in and once broken in are as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes . I 've had mine for about a year now and have taken them out many times and they never dissapoint . They get a little warm in the summer but are great in the winter and fall months.For the price you ca n't beat these boots .
 almost like my last pair that lasted 7 years just a little taller . Rugged holds up well to everyday wear almost the only thing I wear year round .
 I 've had these out on two long hikes now and all I can say is that these boots are perfect . Super comfy on the inside and super tough on the outside . My feet stayed cool and dry all day . Great boots , highly recommended especially for the price .
 My husband has loved these boots for years and I was happy to find them still available - he enjoyed receiving 2 pairs for Christmas .
 Exactly I 'm using this ones from 16 months , ALL the sundays , and in some trips to the mountain and beach for a complete week , they are great in all the ways ! I ca n't hope something better from a daily used and/or hicking shoes ! Another thing to consider ; I 'm a `` big and heavy boy '' :6 ft. 2 in.and 225 lbs .
 My husband hikes our dogs for a mile or two each day , and almost every day . After approx 2 years of owning and wearing these boots , they have started to lose their waterproofing and developed a split on the side of the leather at the sole . I did a repair , but as we 're going to be away hiking this summer , I decided to get him a new pair to avoid us being away and there being a problem with the boots . After bringing several more expensive pair of boots home , hubby asked if I could get him the same pair , as he loves them - comfortable and durable . I just placed an order for a new pair ... same brand , same style ... Hi-tec Altitude IV . My hubby says thank you !
 These boots are some of the most comfortable that I 've ever worn . Even after being on my feet for more than 6 hours my feet felt good . The boots are very warm which is kind of a draw back since I live in Las Vegas . However , after a day of work I was pleasantly surprised to find my socks were still dry . These would probably be best suited for cold climate hiking , but they work pretty good in the desert . Well worth the money .
 Bought these for my first 3 day hike in the Smokey Mts . Hiked from elevation 2000 to 6600 in 13 miles , not one blister , no issue with feet at all . I submerged one in water , completely waterproof . You can not go wrong with these boots at any price . My partner had 185 $ North Face already broke in or not new , blisters on both feet . Thank you Hi-Tec for making a hard trek a lot easier . I wore these right out of box , no break-in period . Im buying my kid some so he can go hiking with me . I can not wait until the trail is under my feet again .
 After having worn these boots for hundreds of miles in several different countries for over a year , I can safely say that they are a great pair of hiking boots for general purposes and I highly recommend them to anyone.Don ' t look any further .
 As most of the other reviews state , these are nice boots - both in looks and quality - for the price . I compared these boots directly with the more expensive Timberland White Ledge boots . I was disappointed with the Timberlands ' cheap materials and construction . The Hi-Tec boots are clearly superior.However , if you have wide feet and order the wide model , know that you will not receive true wide -LRB- i.e. EE or W sizes -RRB- boots . Unlike the properly wide Timberlands , the wide version of the Hi-Tec boots are only slightly wider than a medium width set of shoes.The only other complaint I have for these boots is that they lack loops on the back to help slip them on/off . As for sizing , I find these boots comparable with Nike 's sizing or 1/2 size bigger than New Balance or Timberland , e.g. Hi-Tec boots sized 9.5 are about 9.5 Nike , 9 New Balance , or 9 Timberland.If you need properly wide boots , I recommend Merrell as they accommodate wide feet very well .
 I used these shoes on my hike up Mt.Whitney , 22 miles round trip . I walked though snow , ice , rock , and water . My feet never got wet . They were extremely confortable .
 The colour is darker than the one showed in the images and the line of the bottom contrasts much less because also is darker . In addition , the boot is a bit narrow , for what I recomend to buy the wide size .
 I only buy boots every thirty years . These are lighter and better feeling than the heavy clod-hoppers they replaced . My only complaint so far -LRB- I 've only worn them once to date -RRB- is that the bow-part of the laces tends to slip behind the tongue of the boot , coming to rest on my socks .
 Overall pretty good books . I just went on a 3 day Horn Hunting Hike in North East Wyoming and these boots held up good . The only downside was the boots need to be treated before plowing through snow drifts . My feet did get wet . Luckily I did have polypropelene liner socks with wool outer socks so my feet did not blister or get cold . Considering the extreme terrain and weather these boots served me well .
 This is a great boot affordable and light weight.Only had 1 month to get these boots broken in for my Arizona hike performed beautifully after 1 week break in . No heal lift even coming down steep peaks
 I have bought Hi-Tec Altitude shoes for a good 10 years and probably have purchased that many pair . Very comfortable to hike and work outside in . I have acreage and work for hours at a time thinning brush and the like and they always are comfortable .
 I bought these boots because my $ 40 Wal * Mart boots were not getting the job done . These provide excellent support and are very comfortable . I bought them 1/2 size large and they fit perfectly . Do n't get these boots if you are going to be working in the cold a lot ; they breathe well and are great for cool to hot weather , but it does not take long for your feet to get cold on a day that never gets out of the 30s .
 Purchased these boots on Amazon two weeks ago . They were delivered in about 3 days and the fit was perfect . I have found them to be lightweight and very comfortable . And most important to me , since we get lots of snow , the boots keep my feet warm and dry . These boots delivered !
 I have owned these boots for over a year now but I did not want to review them before I had some sense of their durability . I have used them for hiking , swamp stomping , and as general winter boots and could not be more pleased with their comfort or quality . They have proven to be waterproof under semi-heavy use and show little sign of wear . The foot bed is well-shaped and extremely comfortable so the boots can be worn all day long without foot and knee pain -LRB- things I am susceptible to when wearing low quality footwear -RRB- , though they are slightly warm in summer weather . Easily much more comfortable than my Merrel boots which cost close to $ 200 dollars and equal in quality . I have a size 10.5 to 11 foot on the wider end of the spectrum , I bought these in an 11 normal and the fit is great , though for particularly wide feet I believe that wide sizes are available . I can not recommend these highly enough .
 These are really good shoes . Great look . Good comfort . No break-in . Very sturdily built . Good price . True to size . The only thing is that , for me , these may not be for general wear . They do n't breathe at all -LRB- since they are waterproof -RRB- and can get a little sweaty and uncomfortable if you are indoors for a while . Driving with these shoes has been a little difficult because there is less leeway for the ankle to move , or rather , it takes some getting used to . I am thinking I should have really bought the `` Low WP '' version .
 Like them . Very lite and comfortable . Dry . I 'm a now-and-then day-hiker and had only worn them once in the woods . There was a problem of soreness under the top , inside gromets on both boots . Got a suggestion of re-stringing the top gromets from my daughter-in-law , and it worked when I wore them all day running around locally . Suggest including some alternative stringing techniques in shoe boxes .
 I read the other reviews on this site , decided the purchase these boats . I love the fact that they are lightweight , yet very supportive . I have not been able to test them to see if they are waterproof . Others on this site said they are not . They came with a tag on the right boot that says they are waterproof . I sprayed them with a water repellent just in case .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I have started water walking in the fitness center pool and found i was slipping enough to bother me . This shoe fits like a glove and is very inexpensive to use . I would recommend it to anyone desiring to use it for this purpose or any other water related activity . I am certain it would be great at the beach , etc. .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I would have given this shoe 5 stars except I have found that the vent holes on the bottom allow water in when I hit a puddle . Otherwise , this shoe is top shelf . I typically run/race in the New Balance 833 or Fila racer K1 . My foot is of the rigid high arch type . The Fgt 1000 is a perfect shoe for this foot type . It has enough stability/cushioning to permit good high performance road runs in the 10-13 mile range . For marathon training runs I plan on using it on the trails as well as the road . It fit pretty much right out of the box . Again , the only negative is the midsole vents . I fixed this with an after market insole that works well in my other shoes . It covered up the holes and contoured better to my foot . Now the shoe is one of my favorites .
 I bought these boots for work -LRB- building maintenance -RRB- because I have diabetes and arthritis in my feet , and needed comfortable shoes that looked good . These fit the bill - I am very happy with the purchase . They are comfortable , the sole is soft , and they look good with minimal care . They are well padded on the sides and in the tongue . It remains to be seen how durable they are -LRB- I purchased them about six weeks ago -RRB- , but from all indications they will hold up well . I wear a size 12.5 , and these fit true . The multiple insoles are a good idea to help fractional sizing , and the arch support insole really helps my feet by the end of my shift . -LCB- update -RCB- It has now been over a year , and I have worn these boots every work day since I bought them . The fit is still as good as it was , and , with a shine , they continue to look great . They are a bit pricey , but the quality is well worth it in my opinion . Some of my co-workers buy $ 30.00 shoes from a big box store , and they have been through two or three pairs since I got these .
 This is my second pair . I recommend the brand and you ca n't beat the price . Very foot friendly
 This shoe is great - my daughter loves the styling , and the fact that it is a slip on makes it easier to put on by herself . As always , I am pleased with this Stride Rite shoe - and even more pleased about the price !
 I was having heel problems before these shoes . Now , my heel is feeling much better and I 've continued my training regime . The colors may bother some but results vastly outweigh any vanity that comes my way . The shoes are light , very supportive , and very comfortable when running . I 'm very pleased with them so far -LRB- I 've been using them for about one month -RRB- . I definitely recommend these shoes !
 This is my favorite shoe that I have owned in my 25 years of being . It is the most comfortable shoe to run in , and the style is top notch . Seeing a negative review for this shoe made me want to write a review to set the record straight . Perhaps one of the people in the previous reviews received blisters from not ordering the correct size ? They fit true to size and the width seems normal . This was my best shoe purchase to date .
 This is a good pair of soccer shoes very durable and comfortablegreat sole Black/White have better look . & iexcl ; & iexcl ;
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 As everybody know 's Globe makes superb shoes . Light , comfortable , great for everyday usage .
 These are absolutely the best walking shoes . My husband and I walk 4 miles every morning and I have tried all different kinds of shoes . The Reebok DMX is the most comfortable and I would recommend it to any serious walker .
 The shoe i ordered was the exact show that came in the mail and it actually came a couple days earlier . Great service for a good shoe !!
 Georgeous shoes and quick delivery . The only minor problem is that the color of the plastic heel is a different red from the red innersole which was different from the stones . But in a long gown with a train , only the stones showed -LRB- and they were a perfect match -RRB- .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 These shoes are really lightweight and comfortable . They fit well and have enough of a sole to protect your feet from shells and other stuff that might be lurking under the water . Great purchase !
 I order the water shoes and was very pleased with my purchase . It is excatly what I wanted and I got it in no time flat . I was a little hesitant about ordering on line but this experience was well worth it . .
 I 'm so glad when things are recycled . I 'm quite a green person . I , for example , recycle my pets . They make a good fertilizer if you leave them in the composter for several months , particularly cats as they decay at a nice rate.Anyway I 'm glad to see that Amazon are taking up the recycling baton and selling second hand shoes . Well done !! I give you my respect for such a bold move .
 I feel the laces are terribly stiff , but I 'm hoping they will soften up after longer use . Other than that , they are so comfortable , I hardly know I have them on . They are great for tribal bellydancing !
 My husband has a pair of these shoes in brown and wanted another pair in black . I ordered them through a catalogue companyand was informed after months of waiting that the shoes were not yet available . So I surfed the web until I finally found theshoes available via Amazon through Shoe Mall . It is very difficult to get shoes that fit and the Ultra-Walker Men 's Quick GripWalking Casuals have proven to be excellent . My husband always had problems getting comfortable shoes and afterhe was diagnosed with PD which created difficulty in walking we found these sturdy well made shoes which are goodlooking to boot . -LRB- No pun intended -RRB- . Thanks to Amazon 's prompt service he finally has his much needed shoes .
 The shoe i ordered was the exact show that came in the mail and it actually came a couple days earlier . Great service for a good shoe !!
 Georgeous shoes and quick delivery . The only minor problem is that the color of the plastic heel is a different red from the red innersole which was different from the stones . But in a long gown with a train , only the stones showed -LRB- and they were a perfect match -RRB- .
 I had a pair of these and whore them totally out . I 'm so glad to finally find another pair ! Super soft and comfortable , my favortie boot of all time .
 I bought these boots for work -LRB- building maintenance -RRB- because I have diabetes and arthritis in my feet , and needed comfortable shoes that looked good . These fit the bill - I am very happy with the purchase . They are comfortable , the sole is soft , and they look good with minimal care . They are well padded on the sides and in the tongue . It remains to be seen how durable they are -LRB- I purchased them about six weeks ago -RRB- , but from all indications they will hold up well . I wear a size 12.5 , and these fit true . The multiple insoles are a good idea to help fractional sizing , and the arch support insole really helps my feet by the end of my shift . -LCB- update -RCB- It has now been over a year , and I have worn these boots every work day since I bought them . The fit is still as good as it was , and , with a shine , they continue to look great . They are a bit pricey , but the quality is well worth it in my opinion . Some of my co-workers buy $ 30.00 shoes from a big box store , and they have been through two or three pairs since I got these .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I received my new moccasins and wear them all the time they are so comfortable . I wish they were available in the other colors I would have ordered more . I saved about sixty dollars on my purchase and was thrilled .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 We were given these booties when our daughter was born last year . She has the samllest size -LRB- 0-6 months -RRB- and she has worn them for the past 12 months . The velcro is very adjustable so even the smallest foot will stay in . Also , the sizes run very big so she can still wear her booties at 12 months old . I love these booties and will be buying the next size up when she outgrows the ones she has now !
 The Sanuk Sandal is so comfortable ! The description of the sandal , size , color and comfort was right on the mark . The sole of this sandal has a slight sponge however does not leave permanent foot marks . The fringe fabric strap between the toes is very comfortable and the sole on the bottom is constructed to conform to the bend of the foot when walking . Unlike some sandals which are bulky the Sanuk conforms to the foot and is true to size . It fringe is suttle and the colors are faded . As a surfer , this is one of the best kick back sandals I have ever own ! I highly recommend this sandal . I purchased 2 pair just incase someone removes their shoes and borrows mine !!!!
 I bought these for two reasons ... Number one being that my son started walking very early and any shoes that my husband and I would buy him , were too hard for him to walk in . Like all shoes , they needed to be ` broken in ' and at 9 months , you arent very capable of that . So with these little Uggs , he can walk around in a soft comfortable shoe that isnt hard and bulky . The second reason that I bought them is because they are so dang cute . We get TONS of compliments on them all the time !
 Both my husband and I have Ugg boots that we love . So when our little guy needed something to cover his feet in the winter months , I splurged and got him these mini boots to keep his toes warm . The inside is very soft lambs wool . The bottoms are also soft which is nice for pre-walkers or babies learning to walk . My favorite part is that they actually stay on his feet . We always had problems with socks and these were the perfect solution . The velcro on the side makes getting them on and off easy and quick . Which is key when you have a squirmy baby . They are expensive , there 's no way around it . But if your little one wears them everyday through the winter months they are well worth the price . Note that they do run big . I purchased the smallest size for my 5 month old and he can still fit in them at almost a year . I wo n't be surprised if they last through next winter .
 I wanted to get my boyfriend sandals for a trip to Cabo - something versatile , understated , and comfortable . I purchased these based on the look and the reviews , and I was not disappointed . He wore them the entire week and was really happy with them .
 Without a doubt the most comfortable pair of sandals I have ever owned . Sanuk makes great footwear and this a perfect example of it . Very well made and even more comfortable .
 I got these for my grandson . They are the cutest ever , so soft and so flexible , great for just starting to walk ... . the lining is so soft and cozy . I highly recommend this item !
 The Ugg Baby Erin Booties are really cute but the sizes run really big ; I ordered a second pair , size small , for my 8 month old and there 's still room to grow . I 'll keep the mediums for next year ... they really are that big , but the quality of the boots are excellent ! And oh-so-cute !
 My 21 month old twins LOVE their new boots . They bring them to me to put them on them all the time . THey have wide feet and they have no problem getting into these . They walk great in them and do n't need socks . The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is the soft bottom . If they had the hard bottom they would get more outdoor use , but with the soft bottom they can only walk to and from the car . They also look ADORABLE . At $ 39 a pair they were worth every penny .
 Perfect ! bought for my new granddaughter being born in Iceland - they were here in a matter of days!The price was better than I could find in stores.Love my purchase !
 These little Uggs are adorable they keep my sons feet warm which he loves them too . He refuses to take them off not to mention they become softer with use . The only problem I have is they can not be worn outside there is no sole , however we still put them on him if he not gon na be walking and only on the stroller.I highly recommend them there so stylish for his footsies !!!
 I was hesitant to fork over the money for my 14 month old - but I am so happy I did !!! These boots are easy for me to get on and off of my daughter - yet not easy for her to kick off . She ended up taking a nap with them on and they were still on when she woke up . They are perfect for walking around the house and keep her feet warm . I bought a small b.c it was the only size left - thinking I would have to take them back - but they run large !! We have a few toms that are a 3 - these size small uggs fit perfect !!! I was surprised at how well she was walking with them on too . And they are super cute to boot !!! I have already received several compliments . Not to mention , I got Nana and hubby 's HUGE approval . They look cute with tights and dresses , as well as pants .
 I liked the product , but the company shipped me 2 left boots . They did pay for me to send the boots back and I am waiting for the correct order .
 This is a good and really * soft * flip flops , I use it often on a daily basis . but this gets dirty and I need to find out the washing instructions .
 Does n't feel cheap at all but not too heavy either . This is a great flip flop for a great price .
 Great sandal . Very light and comfortable . I read they do n't hold up well but these have done nice for me so far . Glad I purchased them .
 These flip flops are nice looking and are very comfortable . What more can be said about a pair of flip flops ?
 Very comfortable + durable . I wear flops in the office during the week , the beach on the w/e , and around town in between . So far no complaints with these guys.I 'm a size 11.5 ... size 12 was the way to go .
 These are so cute , but they seem to run very big . I purchased these for my daughter in the smallest size -LRB- 2-3 -RRB- and they are still huge . I wish they had a smaller size as I really wanted these for my daughter to wear in the winter . I am going to keep them in hopes that she will grow into them . They are so darn cute and soft !!!!
 Bottom is a bit slippery , but i enjoy the comfort . I would buy another pair anyday . Very affordable as well . I would recomend this to anyone who likes to wear flip flops .
 My husband bought these sandals after I saw them at a store . They are soooo comfortable !!! I tried them on and want a pair for myself . We wear sandals year round and these are by far the best he has ever worn . Sanuk really knows how to make sandals .
 These boots are too cute and are very warm and cozy for my daughter . They do run a bit big .
 LOVE the sandals , but was put off when i saw the same sandal in Key West for half the price ! Obviously I needed them BEFORE Key West , so I am not sorry for my purchase .
 Received my baby 's ugg boots today . They are made great and very very cute and soft . I cant wait for her to be able to wear them .
 Classic slaps , but with light and `` Cooshy '' Sanuk footbed ... `` Broken in '' feel right out of the box , Great price ... Why are n't you ordering yours right now ?
 OMG !!! What comfort , what support , what fit !! Ok , these were the exact thoughts that went thru my mind the first two miles of my first run in my brand new AST 10 + . Its probably the best shoe I have owned so far in my short running experience of about 3 years . I used to swear by Asics 2xxx series . They now have a worthy competitor ! Would heartily recommend them to anyone who love the Asics 2xxx , the Brooks Adrenaline GTS series -LRB- the top 2 stability shoes in the market -RRB- as well as those who use stability shoes in general . For the record , am a male , age 38 , 157 , so they are perfect for lighter runners like me .
 Strengths : Ok , these were the exact thoughts that went thru my mind the first two miles of my first run in my brand new AST 10 + . Its probably the best shoe I have owned so far in my short running experience of about 3 years . I used to swear by Asics 2xxx series . They now have a worthy competitor!Would heartily recommend them to anyone who love the Asics 2xxx , the Brooks Adrenaline GTS series -LRB- the top 2 stability shoes in the market -RRB- as well as those who use stability shoes in general . For the record , am a male , age 38 , 157 , so they are perfect for lighter runners like me.Weaknesses : A bit on the heavier side , but that is reassuring really.Overall : Deserves the RW Editors choice award !
 This is a fantastic running shoe for the pronator . It is stable and I do n't have to wear my orthotics when I run in them . I am a medium mileage runner and weigh 155lbs .
 have been wearing Asics 2xxx models for about 8 years , and finally broke the trend with the AST10 + , Nike and Apple got me with the Nike/iPod + and I didnt really like velcroing the sensor to the tongue of my asics , but they had the support in the shoe . now NIKE finally makes a Nike + WITH INNER FOOT SUPPORT AND CUSHIONING in the FOREFOOT . so far so good . Lets get moving ...
 I have been running the Air Structure Triax for almost a decade now , and I strongly believe its fantastic support has kept me injury-free . The 10 + keeps up this tradition
 These shoes are quality for the price I paid for them .
 These shoes are the fourth brand of running shoe I have tried since taking up running about three years ago . I brought these shoes after reading many reviews , and so far I have not been dissapointed . Shoes are ready to go out of the box , minimal break in is needed . On day three I took them out for a 7.5 mile run , and they feel like I 've had them forever . Great cushioning . They are a little less rigid than other stability shoes I have owned , but provide great support . Those who want a lot of toe room should go one full size above their street shoe.About me
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 Bought this bag to carry textbooks recently , and it 's a perfect size . It has 3 pockets - a cellphone pocket , a zippered pocket and a pouch pocket . I like this bag so much that I bought another one - not the same one but one that is a reversible tote .
 I just love this bag ! Its adorable and durable , with enough room to be used as a large purse or small school bag . Tons of little pockets for pens , cell phone , and girly stuff.Definitely one of my favorite bags !
 I love this bag ! Not only is is vegan friendly , but it 's very sturdy and cute as well ! It 's great !
 I love this bag - the strap is adjustable and it 's super cute , while being washable . I liked it when I got it , but it 's really grown on me - I take it everywhere and I get lots of compliments on it !
 Super cute bag , very roomy . Interior pockets for wallet , cell phone , etc. . Adjustable strap so you can wear as a cross-body bag if you want .
 The bag is great quality . It 's just as cute in person . If it gets dirty , I can empty it and throw it in the wash . The inside has two pockets on one side -LRB- great for keys and my phone -RRB- and a zippered pocket on the other side . I originally bought this to carry in addition to my smaller Bungalow360 bag for notebooks . It does fit my 3 ring binder in it quite well.If you are looking for a cute bag for school or day to day , this is it !
 I have 4 of these messenger bags , one for each season . They are fun , sturdy , and just the right size for pretty much anything you might need to do in the normal course of life . They easily hold a jacket , water bottle , and the basics , with room for a tablet , yet are light weight and not bulky when you just have a few things to bring along . The little pockets are great for keeping up with small things , and one is just the right size for my iphone . I used them when my kids were small for a diaper bag , and had enough room for my stuff and theirs . It works great when biking or walking as a commuter bag . The inside has 3 pockets , one with a zipper that can hold a wallet , one with a bit of elastic that can hold small things like lipstick or those affinity cards you get everywhere , that is about the size of a regular folding cell phone , then another that is perfect for an iphone . I get tons of complements on the prints . I tend to dress pretty conservatively , in mostly blacks , browns , and grays . These bags give my wardrobe a burst of color and fun with a lot of great function .
 Bungalow360 makes great stuff ! This whale bag was a great gift idea !!! They offer bags with different animals that are cutely designed !
 I bought this bag in black and it looks amazing !!! its a super chic ... I highly recommend it . . my only `` negative review '' will be the magnetic closures . . they are indeed very nice and trendy and easy to open . . but the ones aside the bag , are openning all the time . . but apart from this the bag just look wonderful !!!
 If you like really tough leather shoes , you will love these shoes . -LRB- I certainly do . -RRB- I bought some Dexters like these in 1958 when I went off to college . I still have them although they have been re-soled and re-heeled about 10 times . The tops are still in great condition and have worn like titanium . It took me about 10 years to break in my first pair . I found the new pair to be similar in construction with really tough leather . The shoes were quite tight around the top of my feet that were like the first pair . I purchased from Amazon a pair of shoe expanders and a can of leather loosener . Both worked as advertized and now I do n't have to suffer the time of breaking these beauties in . Love these shoes .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 These sneakers are great ! I can walk and just be on my feet all day - and still feel great if I have these on . Plus they look great . I get complements on them all the time . Highly recommend !!
 Really comfy and great style . Only thing I do n't like is if you go off the beaten path or accidently get into mud , it gets stuck in the webbing at the bottom . Not a real big deal , a good water hose will fix the problem . I have had plenty of compliments on the styling and have two friends that bought a pair themselves after I got mine and they love them too !
 Feel so light and comfortable ! I love them , they are a great running shoe .
 I love this pair of shoes because it is stylish and at the same time it is very comfortable . The cushion really gives a lot of support . I mostly wear it for day-to-day use instead of heavy running . The reflective material is a great safety feature for an evening walk/run .
 I bought this more for fashion than function , but it has both . It is a very comfortable shoe , and very durable . It is also really nice looking .
 I was able to put these shoes on and run in them the first time I put them on . Very comfortable with virtually no break-in period .
 I think nothing surpasses the comfort and fit of adidas footwear and this shoe lived up to expectations . The color was somewhat different in person and looks a bit like `` jean '' material .
 So far my wife has done nothing but rave about these shoes . very comfortable and says they feel great while running and walking . Great shoe !!!
 These are one of the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever worn . They look good and my feet feel like I am walking on air .
 I 'm still on my first pair , but they have really supported me well . I have wide width feet but the regular width seems to work alright -LRB- may not for all wide feet , I 'm sure -RRB- . Have held up well on treadmill and outdoors .
 This weird looking shoe has great support , cushioning and is very comfortable . I have to wear running shoes for heal spurs , but have had general foot pain for a few months . After wearing these shoes I 've had no foot pain . They 're really supportive when I exercise on my elliptical , and I wear them daily to and from work . I bought a pair for my daughter , but she uses hers solely for running , but she really likes them as well .
 This line of Adidas ' are cool and light weight . Really nice for us in Florida ! They last long enough and provide good cushioning -LRB- I 've played a lot of tennis in them on hard courts -RRB- . I 've bought a bunch of these or similar ones for my and my family over the past few years and I continue to do so . Amazon seems to beat everyone 's price on these !
 I love these shoes , not only are they comfortable , they are stylish . On top of all that , I got a great price for them .
 I have trouble with my knees and this shoe has been a life-saver ! I exercise regularly and it has done quite a number on my joints . The Gigaride have saved me from pain and suffering !
 I like these shoes . The only drawback is I constantly feel like I need to tie them tighter because they feel like they loosen easily . Good shoes though .
 I bought these shoes to run the PF Chang 's half marathon in Phoenix . For my foot type , these shoes worked great ! Not one blister ! You may need inserts if you have a high arch . They seem to be well made . I have had them since early december and have logged 300 miles in them . Not a ding .
 I absolutely love this shoe ! They are soo comfortable and look great on . I have flat feet so I have a hard time finding running shoes that fit me , infact I havent bought a pair of running shoes in almost 3 years because I havent found any that fit right . I tried this brand on at a department store and loved them , but not the price . So when I found these on amazon I had to have them and am sooo glad that I did !!! Recommend them to anyone and everyone !!!
 I read a review someplace to order this shoe a 1/2 size bigger - do n't ! I did , and now I have to return them because they do n't fit . Other than that , cool shoe ... the upper is a bit stiff , but I think it would be a good gym shoe . Too bad they do n't have my size anymore : -LRB-
 I bought this shoe one month ago and I found it is a good choice to buy this shoe.very very comfortable and special !
 As an eighth-grade science teacher I 'm walking constantly . Also I like to keep on the same shoes for my morning walks -LRB- or in door arobics if it 's raining -RRB- so I wear Adidas shoes all the time -LRB- except for dress of course -RRB- . I got these because of the color as they are a little over the top in design for me . However , they are extremely comfortable . They give more support than my other more sedate looking Adidas shoes .
 I have always had problems with shoes fitting . These have been the best shoes I have ever had . I have problems with my left foot after tearing all the ligaments , these have been a life saver .
 This shoe is cushiony and comfortable . Rooming toe box is a plus also.As good as Nike TL4 for less than half the price .
 This is a high quality running sneaker with an unbeatable price.wearing these sneakers is like walking on pillows !
 Hi , They look stunning . GO FOR IT !! BEAUTTTTIFULLL !!
 I 've always avoided wearing athletic shoes of any sort , but decided to buy these in part because of the low price , in part because of their design and color . Although , they look quite uncomfortable , they turned out to be the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Would recommend 100 % ! : -RRB-
 I used to feel pain on knees at the end of jogging and also the next day if I jog more than 3 miles at once . Not after I got this pair of shoes . It is light while provides excellent support . Reduces the impact on my knees as well . However , it is not the best choice for gym classes like kick-boxing or step . You have chance of spraining your ankles because of the structure of the sole . But for jogging , it is one of the best .
 I use these shoes predominantly for lifting and gym-based cardio and love them . They 're good looking and supportive . I highly recommend them .
 Size seems a little small compared to previous generation adidas running shoes I 've own . Excellent flexibility and road feel - very responsive and cushioned . If you prefer a firmer feel -LRB- e.g. like Asics cushioned shoes -RRB- , this will feel too squishy . Very attractive design . Laces are strangely short , but adequate -LRB- typically my laces are much too long -RRB- . Nice improvement over previous generations of the air cushioning Adidas - design of the sole no longer allows rocks to get stuck in bottom of shoe.Overall very good . Price/value and smaller sizing were criteria that led to lack of an `` excellent '' rating .
 This shoe has been great so far ! It 's good for running , taking classes at the gym . It 's a great all-around shoe . Really comfortable and a very cool look to the shoe . Very happy with my purchase !!
 The double-edged sword of rating a product highly
 I love these shoes . I was always an avid outdoor runner however due to my current location -LRB- deployed overseas -RRB- I 'm unable to run outside . I have tried mutliple times with various shoes to run on a treadmill but always found the constant pounding to become to much for my knees . These shoes are perfect ! I gave them a test run on the treadmill this morning and was pleasantly suprised by the support and additional `` bounce '' they offer . I just got them yesterday and am already shopping for another pair !
 Love the look of these shoes - a stylish stand out . As usual I bought a half-size bigger -LRB- a nine to my normal 8.5 -RRB- . It 's a narrow shoe and fits snugly , and I got blisters on my instep during my first 10 miler . Having run 50 + road miles on them , they 're broken in and are now quite comfy . I expected a softer landing with more bounce -LRB- maybe I 'll try the Megabounce next time ? -RRB- , but overall I 'm pleased with the Gigardide . They look cool enough to wear with jeans and should be great for trampling through airports and malls .
 I love Adidas products and these shoes are no exception . They are comfortable and wear well . I dont get any rubbing and the support they provide is good . The material is breathable which prevents my feet overheating . Amazon was the cheapest i could find for these shoes at $ 39 a pair shipped .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 When i saw these spikes i knew they were for me as they look and now feel comfortable but keep the precision which a runner needs upon the track . The responsive feel and the good looks make this pair of spikes the ` cream of the crop ' and since ive had them all my training partners keep staring at my feet .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 I purchased these boots specifically for riding and they are high on the ankle like I wanted and I really like the zip side so I do n't have to lace them up every time I wear them . Unfortunately , they are not the most comfortable if you want to use them for every day use or hiking . The toe seems very tough and I think the quality stands up to what I will be using them for .
 I wear a size 7 , normally . I am NOT dissapointed . They are a perfect fit -LRB- though my feet are fat and wide -RRB- . The zippers are REALLY sturdy and easy to use , so the boots slip on and off with ease . I stand and walk at work all day , and they are comfortable , and they look `` killer '' , as one co-worker said.They are my favorite foot-wear , bar NONE ! such ankle support ... AYE ! I do n't know if ALL Harley Davidson boots are this great , but these are definitely worth the money !
 First time I have tried this style . Seem to be of the same comfort and quality that I have come to know .
 This product is very good at the value price . Will probably order more in the future !
 I was hesitant about the size chart because I ordered as a gift but I had no problems .
 I love Birkenstocks , and these are just wonderful to add to my collection . Very comfortable and stylish .
 I where them everywhere they are the most comfortable shoes I own !
 I would recommend these to anyone that has an interest in buying them . I got them for my son -LRB- 16 yrs -RRB- and he did not like to color , so we sent them back for another color and now he wears them all the time . He loves them . Thanks for the fast service and a great product .
 I am thrilled to finally purchase Birkenstock at a price that is fair . Our local retail stores , mark them up , so ridiculously . Thank you , Amazon .
 These are the best fitting , and most comfortable shoe I have ever purchased . Thank God for the Birkenstock footbed !!!
 The clogs are perfect . They are very comfortable and the color is exactly what I wanted .
 I got these shoes about a month ago and I LOVE them ! They are very comfortable and I wear them to school evry day . I broke into them in a few days and they feel great ! I would definitly recommend them to anyone .
 They are awesome , only tricky part is making sure you get the right size , my husband and I love them .
 When I purchased these I received them so quickly I could hardly believe it . They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I have low back pain , knee and ankle pain . But since I started wearing these I feel so much better . They are great and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I love them , just what I was looking for . Just like a Berk , but half the price . My only disatisfaction is that they are not as comfortable as I hoped , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 I was very surprised to find these shoes to be comfortable . They are very soft and form to fit your legs beautifully . You ca n't go wrong !! These shoes are very , very sexy .
 I celebrated my 40th birthday by getting a pair of Black Chuck 's hi-tops . The shoes I was known for in my younger days . I feel so much younger now .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 These are the best fitting , and most comfortable shoe I have ever purchased . Thank God for the Birkenstock footbed !!!
 The clogs are perfect . They are very comfortable and the color is exactly what I wanted .
 I got these shoes about a month ago and I LOVE them ! They are very comfortable and I wear them to school evry day . I broke into them in a few days and they feel great ! I would definitly recommend them to anyone .
 They are awesome , only tricky part is making sure you get the right size , my husband and I love them .
 When I purchased these I received them so quickly I could hardly believe it . They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I have low back pain , knee and ankle pain . But since I started wearing these I feel so much better . They are great and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I love them , just what I was looking for . Just like a Berk , but half the price . My only disatisfaction is that they are not as comfortable as I hoped , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 First time I have tried this style . Seem to be of the same comfort and quality that I have come to know .
 This product is very good at the value price . Will probably order more in the future !
 I was hesitant about the size chart because I ordered as a gift but I had no problems .
 I love Birkenstocks , and these are just wonderful to add to my collection . Very comfortable and stylish .
 I where them everywhere they are the most comfortable shoes I own !
 I would recommend these to anyone that has an interest in buying them . I got them for my son -LRB- 16 yrs -RRB- and he did not like to color , so we sent them back for another color and now he wears them all the time . He loves them . Thanks for the fast service and a great product .
 I am thrilled to finally purchase Birkenstock at a price that is fair . Our local retail stores , mark them up , so ridiculously . Thank you , Amazon .
 My socks do not get pulled down in these . Also they are comfortable and keep my feet dry and are light without what seems sacrificing durability .
 I LOVE these boots !!!!! They are as comfortable as they are HOT !!!!
 These are it . Very comfortable . True to size . Eye catchers .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 First time I have tried this style . Seem to be of the same comfort and quality that I have come to know .
 This product is very good at the value price . Will probably order more in the future !
 I was hesitant about the size chart because I ordered as a gift but I had no problems .
 I love Birkenstocks , and these are just wonderful to add to my collection . Very comfortable and stylish .
 I where them everywhere they are the most comfortable shoes I own !
 I would recommend these to anyone that has an interest in buying them . I got them for my son -LRB- 16 yrs -RRB- and he did not like to color , so we sent them back for another color and now he wears them all the time . He loves them . Thanks for the fast service and a great product .
 I am thrilled to finally purchase Birkenstock at a price that is fair . Our local retail stores , mark them up , so ridiculously . Thank you , Amazon .
 These are the best fitting , and most comfortable shoe I have ever purchased . Thank God for the Birkenstock footbed !!!
 The clogs are perfect . They are very comfortable and the color is exactly what I wanted .
 I got these shoes about a month ago and I LOVE them ! They are very comfortable and I wear them to school evry day . I broke into them in a few days and they feel great ! I would definitly recommend them to anyone .
 They are awesome , only tricky part is making sure you get the right size , my husband and I love them .
 When I purchased these I received them so quickly I could hardly believe it . They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I have low back pain , knee and ankle pain . But since I started wearing these I feel so much better . They are great and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I love them , just what I was looking for . Just like a Berk , but half the price . My only disatisfaction is that they are not as comfortable as I hoped , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 This product is beautiful and comfortable ... i bought for both of my sons to wear on my brother 's wedding ... everybody loved it !
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 These are the best fitting , and most comfortable shoe I have ever purchased . Thank God for the Birkenstock footbed !!!
 The clogs are perfect . They are very comfortable and the color is exactly what I wanted .
 I got these shoes about a month ago and I LOVE them ! They are very comfortable and I wear them to school evry day . I broke into them in a few days and they feel great ! I would definitly recommend them to anyone .
 They are awesome , only tricky part is making sure you get the right size , my husband and I love them .
 When I purchased these I received them so quickly I could hardly believe it . They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I have low back pain , knee and ankle pain . But since I started wearing these I feel so much better . They are great and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I love them , just what I was looking for . Just like a Berk , but half the price . My only disatisfaction is that they are not as comfortable as I hoped , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 First time I have tried this style . Seem to be of the same comfort and quality that I have come to know .
 This product is very good at the value price . Will probably order more in the future !
 I was hesitant about the size chart because I ordered as a gift but I had no problems .
 I love Birkenstocks , and these are just wonderful to add to my collection . Very comfortable and stylish .
 I where them everywhere they are the most comfortable shoes I own !
 I would recommend these to anyone that has an interest in buying them . I got them for my son -LRB- 16 yrs -RRB- and he did not like to color , so we sent them back for another color and now he wears them all the time . He loves them . Thanks for the fast service and a great product .
 I am thrilled to finally purchase Birkenstock at a price that is fair . Our local retail stores , mark them up , so ridiculously . Thank you , Amazon .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them ! Wo n't take them off . They look even better on your feet and are very comfortable . The sizing is right on too . Excellent choice !
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 While the hemp Rainbows do n't seem to last as long as their leather versions , these are super comfortable and do n't develop that terrible sandal smell as fast as my leather Rainbows did . I 've had my hemp sandals for about 2 years , and they 're just now becoming unwearable . I 've only bought my Rainbows from the manufacturers , which is a tad more expensive but you get a warranty along the lines of - if the layers separate or the straps break before the bottom wears through we 'll send you a new pair.If you look at the sizing chart on the Rainbows site it might clear up any sizing issues , all of the womens sizes taper toward the heel , if you do n't like the tapered look I 'd suggest buying their mens sandals , which I 've bought before , they 're quite a bit wider than the womens style . I wear a womens 10 1/2 and I usually order the L10 size from them . All in all I 've had fantastic luck with my Rainbows .
 I originally bought these sandals thinking that in some way -- some how , they would come to me in the mail looking like Rainbow Brights boots , and the product picture was a mistake . Alas , when I received my shoes in the mail , they were not Rainbow Bright boots , they were indeed a pair of hemp ladies rainbow sandals and the product picture had not been off at all . The picture shown are the exact shoes you get in the mail , and the product description is not at all deceptive -- they truly are single layer , natural , medium -LRB- 6.5-7 .5 -RRB- hemp womens rainbow sandal -- perhaps I shoulve read the description a bit closer before I bought them . Anyways , they are truly a lovely sandal and should get me through these next couple of months just fine . I 've had them for about a month or so now and they 've held up well -- the imprint of my feet are taking form on the sandal at a rapid rate and should fit my high arched foot perfectly within the next few weeks . Would buy again .
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 The pictures do this purse no justice . I 'd been eyeing it for so long , and bought it in black at a Betsey Johnson store . It 's on clearance at Betsey Johnson right now , so do n't pay full price !! This bag is called the `` Union Johnson '' because it has the Union Jack -LRB- England 's flag -RRB- sewn in strips of leather on the front . It has two side pockets perfect to slide nearly any cell phone in . The lining is white with black stars , has a Betsey Johnson pink label sewn in , and has a few charms dangling inside . There are also 3 pockets on the inside . One is zippered -LRB- with a charm dangling from the zipper -RRB- and the other two are open pockets . This is a VERY spacious bag . I 'm able to fit my very large Gucci sunglasses case in there , as well as my eye glasses case , and a wallet , small notebook , brush , medications , and make-up ... and there 's room to spare !! Not only is it large and spacious , but I 'm a tiny 5 ' 1 90 lb woman ... most large purses look odd on me , but this purse wears like a small one!Another great detail are the metal bits . With pyramid metal spikes along the loops , and chain detailed straps , it gives an extra punk rock oomph . I may own a ton of designer purses , but since I bought this one , it 's the only one I use !
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 I decided to try the Green Silence because I wanted to see what impact , if any , a lightweight shoe would have on my times . I picked the Green Silence for the `` eco friendly '' concept , and because of the crazy color scheme . Not really an informed purchase.I 'm a 6 ' - 3 '' , 190 lb . guy , so I 'm not small . I 've been running on Nike Zoom Vomeros for the past two years and did n't think that I 'd find a shoe that would offer me as much comfort as the cushioning found in the Vomeros . I was very happy to find that despite their light weight and minimalist design , that the Green Silence offered the necessary amount of cushioning . I was also pleased with the large toe box . I 've used them for 3 runs so far . My thoughts : Run # 1 , speed work , 6 x 400 's : My feet felt more ... nimble ? Without the weight of my typical shoe weighing me down , I felt like the speed work was much easier . This was my first effort with these shoes . I ordered size 13 -LRB- I usually wear size 12 in Nike -RRB- , and it was perfect . NO blisters after my first run . Total of 5 miles , including the 6 x 400 . Run # 2 , tempo run , 5 miles : This is where I expected to start to complain about the more minimalistic design . Nope . My feet felt great , still no blisters . I also noticed that I 'm not landing on my heel the way I was before.Run # 3 , long slow run , 10 miles : I still ca n't believe that these are a lightweight shoe . The cushioning provided a great ride for the entire run . At the end of 10 miles I felt like I could have kept going for another 10 . Finally , a blister on the front of my big toe , never had that one before ... I still think ordering the size bigger was the right decision though.I would definitely recommend these shoes .
 I 've been a notorious heel striker for years . I finally made the plunge and bought a lightweight racing shoe and I ca n't believe the difference it has made in my stride and my speed . The Green Silence is a very minimalist shoe , and was quite punishing the first couple of times I wore them . After about a week , I learned to adapt to the minimized heel cushioning by incorporating a mid-foot landing . I 'm a fairly big guy -LRB- 195lbs -RRB- and have pretty wide feet , but the Green Silence is very accommodating . They have proved comfortable for my longer runs -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- and have completely eliminated the pain I felt with my previous shoes . Yes , you will feel like Ronald McDonald the first few runs , but eventually you will learn to embrace the unique color pattern .
 I run marathons and various triathlon distances , and have done plenty of miles happily on Asics Kayanos . I was worried about the cushioning on such a lightweight shoe when I took them out of the box . But they run beautifully . They are so incredibly light it makes a noticeable difference to my running . Not sure how long they would last given their minimalist design , but I guess we tend to retire our shoes before there are any signs of wear & tear on the upper part of the shoe anyway . The only issue for me is the tongue design - yes the single-fold makes sense in a weight-saving capacity , and once the shoes are on there are no comfort issues -LRB- on the contrary they feel great -RRB- , but if you do triathlons and need to do a fast transition , you need to spend a bit longer to make sure they are put on right . Nevertheless , they are still my new favorite running shoe . JK
 I am an intermediate runner I would say . I run various 5K and 10K 's , Half marathons and have started to dabble into the world of trail and adventure racing . I say that to let you know I am no professional but I do love to run and compete against myself . For the Kansas City half marathon this past year I wanted to try a minimalist shoe to see if my times would change any from my times I produced in Nike Vomero 's and Mizuno Wave 's . I tried multiple pairs of this type of shoe on and unfortunately for me -LRB- due to the color scheme -RRB- these felt the best.I was amazed at how comfortable they felt because by looking at them you would think it would feel like an old High School CC waffle , not the case . The only running I did on these prior to raceday was about 5 miles at an easy pace on a treadmill to get the feel of the shoe . Raceday comes and yes I get alot of looks but I eventually get over that . The first couple of miles were interesting and I thought I had made a mistake . However , once I got into my stride these performed greatly . I was able to maintain splits at personal record times with no thoughts about foot and leg pain . By the end of the race I had knocked off 5 minutes from my previous times , I will let you decide whether it was the shoe or training . My legs felt great as did my feet . I did have one little `` hot spot '' on one of my toes but that should be expected.I tried these just to see what it would be like to race in a minimalist shoe and I can now say I will never race in a trainer again . I swear by these shoes for racing and speedwork . Get over the color scheme and enjoy this pair of shoes . Oh yeah the `` ecco friendly '' piece does n't hurt either .
 I run a lot as part of a running group , and whenever I do intervals or fartlek training , I wear these . They feel so light that whenever I lift my feet I feel barefoot . I also wear the Brooks Launch , which are also light , but there is no comparison . The only reason I do n't wear these 100 % of the time when running , is that I want more cushioning when running more than 10K at a time at a pace slower than 5:15 min per kilometer , but I may also start wearing these for these runs too . Again , this is perfect as long as you have no pronation , and do not need extra cushioning . I am on my second pair and could not be happier .
 lighter and more breathable than anything i 've worn before -LRB- great for hot summer days -RRB- - so comfortable , it 's hard not to wear them around casually - i hope they hold up for awhile , but i 'm ready to buy a new pair when these wear out - definitely buy .5 -1 size bigger as recommended
 I use this shoe for training and for racing , for long runs and for interval workouts . My weekly mileage is in the 30-38 mile range , and the Green Silence is a nice , light ride . I believe the weight is advertised as 8.3 ounces , and without getting out my wife 's food scale , I 'd say that 's a pretty accurate estimate . My sense is that there 's a limit to the number of miles I 'd take this shoe . The cushioning is limited , but the overall feel is pleasantly surprising . Short distances feel really smooth ; longer distances slightly less so , compared to traditional trainers . The payoff , though , is the lightweight feel and speed -- the exact qualities I want in a shoe when I 'm looking to do faster training .
 Very light but with plenty of cushioning . I am 6 ' and run my marathons at between 185 and 109lbs . 3:30 best , 1:31 best half marathon . My feet do what they want and I almost forget I have these on . I tend to wear my shoes on the outer side so i could use more high abrasion rubber there but I will buy these again .
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 This shoe is so super cute . I saw them on line and immediately thought they would be a `` one of a kind '' shoe . Every time I wear them I get compliments . The only drawback is that they are a little heavy . I sometimes feel like I have frankenstein feet when I walk in them . The size is also a little off . I am a consistent size 8 shoe in most brands but in these I could have gone half a size larger and gained so much more comfort . For that reason , they are not an all day shoe . Would n't trade 'em for the world though !!!
 This is a great shoe . I normally dont order shoes on line because of the fear of them not fitting right , but these shoes fit like a glove and I could have worn them all night . The delivery was fast , I had them the very next day . I would surly order shoes from this company again .
 These shoes are my favorite in my closet right now . I have them in chocolate . They are so pretty and look great on - I have big feet -LRB- size 10 -RRB- and they make them look much smaller than usual . The one minus is that they are a bit weird to walk in . I just do n't feel completely steady in them b/c they have a different and heavy wooden heel , but it just takes some getting used to . I 'd highly recommend them .
 I 'm a footballer and or Soccer Player in the states might call and this Adidas Predator Pulse boot has been a revelation in my games ever since i got it . I got it in the white and red colour , Beckham 's colour and it does n't matter what colour its , its still same.The power that you got from this boot is unbelievable , the swerve and precision in great , Training makes perfect , if you are really into football or soccer , but this boot in its top class , K Leather , Traxion , PULSE ... Pulsion is not that good , I reckon .
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 First time buyer of shoes online . These fit perfectly and are very comfortable ! They are much cuter in person ... pics do n't do them justice .
 I bought these boots for work -LRB- building maintenance -RRB- because I have diabetes and arthritis in my feet , and needed comfortable shoes that looked good . These fit the bill - I am very happy with the purchase . They are comfortable , the sole is soft , and they look good with minimal care . They are well padded on the sides and in the tongue . It remains to be seen how durable they are -LRB- I purchased them about six weeks ago -RRB- , but from all indications they will hold up well . I wear a size 12.5 , and these fit true . The multiple insoles are a good idea to help fractional sizing , and the arch support insole really helps my feet by the end of my shift . -LCB- update -RCB- It has now been over a year , and I have worn these boots every work day since I bought them . The fit is still as good as it was , and , with a shine , they continue to look great . They are a bit pricey , but the quality is well worth it in my opinion . Some of my co-workers buy $ 30.00 shoes from a big box store , and they have been through two or three pairs since I got these .
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 I love these shoes - they 're classic , versatile and comfortable . They wear into the shape of your foot and become like a favorite pair of jeans - worn in all the right places , fitted to your form and reliable . I have two pairs of these and I just bought another pair for my boyfriend -LRB- who is now hooked -RRB- .
 Love the product ... the style is classic what more can I say . The only thing that I need to remember is that they run a half a size too large . But other then that ... wonderful product !
 All-Stars , Old School , Awful . Delivered in France , in times.Amazon 's the only place where i can find huge shoes size.First purchase , definitly not last .
 I find these shoes to be the most comfortable things in the world . They complement my clothes very well . But the down side is that with all of the snow we have recieved here on the east coast ... wearing them outside is not a good idea . Especially if you want to keep you feet warm . But all in all ... I love my shoes .
 Was very thankful these arrived so soon after ordering , was a last minute item ... and my daughter loves them ... she now has 2 pairs . . and is planning on collecting them for different colors ... Thank youShelia Sale/VA
 quick response , fast delivery , great shoes for just about any outfit .
 The color is amazing ! If you wear any Brown Tees this is the must have shoe !
 I got these for my wife and she loves them I pretty much can get her a pair every year for xmas .
 I ordered these a while back and I simply love them . They are fun , yet stylishly funky , and go with just about anything . The only downsides I can think of is that they do n't have much traction , so I ca n't wear them as often as I would like during these long Wyoming winters.Go ahead and buy a pair ! You wo n't regret it !
 Customer Service was quick to reply as well as very helpful . The item arrived fast and in perfect condition . Excellent service .
 Este producto cumple con mis espectativas , lo recomiendo a los futuros compradores , es por esto que mi calificacion a sido la maxima . Comprar por medio de Amazon es seguro y puntual ...
 If you are reading this review you probably already own a pair of Chucks . I love the look and feel of the Lo Top ones . They look great and feel great .
 I LOVE CHUCKS . Have them in many colors and styles ! Have been buying them for years , and know what to expect . Sizing differences can be handled if you pick one size , usually one half a shoe size for tie ups , and one shoe size for slip ons .
 This is the classic Converse , basic black sneaker . They fit fine on my wide feet , and they have them here in half sizes and in women 's sizes.They 're a good price here and you ca n't go wrong with the black/white basic Converse sneaker . They 're good for mom 's , teens and kids , both male and female.The only drawback might be that they lack arch support.I would recommend this shoe to anyone except someone with really flat feet .
 Now that my daughter has received the correct size the sneakers are perfect . I had no bad experience with this vendor . Keep up the good work .
 Converse All Stars , a classic . Love them . They 're very comfortable and they 're perfect for a night at the movies or just hanging out with the guys.Obviously they do not have much support or cushion -LRB- and I was n't expecting any -RRB- . If I was going to be on my feet all day or doing something real active this is not the shoe I would choose.The service here was excellent . I could n't be more pleased .
 I orderd wrong color ... but I love it !! This style never get old .
 Sent these to my daughter in law in Calif I live in Indiana very convient . She let me know what size and color also sent her a picture and a birthday message Very nice . very happy very very satisified
 The purchase took place as expected in estimasdo time , and with respect to the product announcement being sold agrees with what is expected without any complications or problems arise
 I got these for my brother for Christmas , and he loved them . What more can i say ? Converses are awesome for anybody !
 I bought these for my mother who has had lifelong shopping issues in regards to her feet . She said she loves these shoes and they fit wonderfully .
 I 've always loved Converse shoes ! this is awesome ! the size is right at the description because i was buying it in a woman 's size .
 El producto fue entregado en el tiempo establecido , Producto original , Departamento 100 % garantizado , los converse chuck taylor negros son los clasicos y por ser as&iacute; son los mejores
 Good ppl had a problem with my tracking number so i emailed them and with great responce my questions were answered . .
 It is exactly as described on the post . I 'm very pleased and I highly recommend the product if you like converse products of course
 I 've been wearing Chuck Taylor 's since the varsity issued them in High School . I wear a half size -LRB- ca n't get them @ the mall -RRB- . Amazon had my size & color selection -LRB- this is the third pair I 've bought-I 'm still playing -RRB- . Everything else -LRB- convenience , getting the order right , getting them delivered quickly , etc. -RRB- was excellent . I 'll buy @ Amazon again .
 a highly recommended product that meets the expectations for what we buy and we are satisfied , so it was delivered on time and indicated that we received no news
 Bought as a Christmas gift for my son ... he has n't seen them yet but the overall service dealing with Amazon is always great & the shoes look pretty awesome , I think he will love them
 estos zapatos son realmente bellos y comodos ... la flexibilidad , adicionalmente el envio fue realmente rapido y seguro.recomiendo ampliamente la compra de este producto.muchas gracias
 Did exactly what I thought they would . Which is , be shoes . I am still wearing them and probably will continue to wear them for some time .
 I wear a size 9 to 10 and these fit the best . I love how I was able to find the half size on here . A very sexy chuck . I wear to work and also out
 This shoe was true to size and a perfect shoe ! The color is the best red ! Ca n't go wrong with a Chuck Taylor !
 Exactly what I was looking for . Quick with no hassles . Beats gas , time and crowds that are experienced when going to a brick and mortar store .
 Great with jeans , great for fun and sport but mostly a universal staple in ones wardrobe man or woman ! I would order them again and in every color of the rainbow . I am not thinking of the high tops and the other higher tie up ones .
 Wonderful sneakers ! They are comfortable and stylish . They run slightly large -LRB- I wear a size 7 shoe , so I ordered a 7 -RRB- . They are very roomie , but comfortable and I can wear thick socks with them if I need to .
 I bought it for my wife and she love them ... . they even come with extra red laces ... Everythin arrived on time and in perfect condition ... Thanks
 I bought them as a present for my boyfriend and he could n't be happier . The color is vibrant and full of life ! Also , converse are great shoes .
 I have been wearing Chucks since I came out of the womb . I 've been through many pairs , and after I decided to retire my old black ones due to a blown out heel I wanted to go with something new . The white is really an eye catching color , and more subdued in person than some of the pictures out there . BE WARNED , Chucks are about a size bigger than your actual shoe size . For example I wear a size 7 in women 's , which would be a size 5 in Chucks , but these are really too big so I went with the size 4 . I find the white adds some contrast , especially if you wear dark colors like I do .
 I felt that my karma would be bad if I did n't take a moment to describe my experience in dealing with GrandSlamNY . I purchased a pair of Converse All Star 's for my girlfriend for Christmas . I got the size she asked for -LRB- even took into account the additional information supplied on the site about how the size of this particular shoe runs about a size big . When they arrived they were too big ! I THEN checked the return policy and saw that the period had expired -LRB- I partied hard during the holidays and the shoes were returned close to 4 weeks after purchase . I sent an email to the owner of the store and he told me to send them back for exchange . I did so and received the new pair 4 days after mailing the incorrect pair back to him . I will do business with them again because , on top of everything , for the size I needed , GrandSlam had the lowest price . Good lookin , David .
 Great ! Large size 16 , cheap , comfortable and my fiance will look great wearing these shoes at our wedding . Thank you !
 excelente . . !! los recomiendo !! compra segura y a tiempo . ! saludos desde ecuador ! los zapatos llegaron a mi pais sin ninguna novedad . . !!
 This shoe is exactly what my son wanted . The quality much better than cheaper versions . This is the real converse shoe
 The shoes came earlier than expected , with the box nicely rapped and everything . I thought it would 've been alittle small but it was perfect , nice and clean
 This shoe is as to be expected strong and durable for my teenager - she loves it and I am very happy with this purchase
 i said the always fauthful converse 'cause its simply the best shoe i ever had , they gim me all the confort that i need to walk very much !!!! i mean walk A LOT !!!!
 The last time I wore a pair of chucks was back in the early 80 's . They are just as I remembered them . They are comfortable and easy to break in , plus my feet do n't hurt after wearing them all day . Awesome shoes !! I 'll be buying another pair .
 I ordered these in the Grey color . Just be forewarned , they are much more of a tan/taupe color than the dove-grey I was hoping for -- but they are still super cute and will match anything . They look pretty much like the photo in color.These also feel sturdier than Chucks I 've had in the past .
 The product is excellent , just send me the color is not requested , although in the case said White , the content was dirty unbleached white
 I had my first pair of Converse All-stars in high school in the early 1960 's . That was before they were known as `` Chucks . '' They were , and still are , the best basketball sneakers around . They 're good for everyday workouts and just hanging around the house . Comfortable , inexpensive and they last just about forever .
 This a a great classic shoe -- just too bad they 're not made in the USA anymore .
 Ordered these for my granddaughter who is thrilled . They arrived in a short amount of time . Great service .
 The order was a birthday gift for a granddaughter . It arrived promptly at her house and upon opening the gift on her special day , she informed me that she LOVED them . Service was great .
 These are awsome . just like shown . shipping took a while but it was over christmas so it makes sense . Just as nice as the pictures showed ! Love the new CHucks
 Excelent shoes , very comfortable , I use it all the days for all my activities in house , at job , etc. . . , it 's not the first time I use converse low tops so , I can say , are very durable . . !! ... the most important is ... always remind me when I was a kid ... !!! hehehe ... this seller is great too , fast shipping and the items perfect ... recommended . . !!
 These were exactly what I expected . They are very comfortable , however , beware there is little arch support . Therefore they not be as good for long walking or running , but othewise are very comfortable . Also I got them for summer wear with shorts . I figured the black would go with most items . Also they will be cooler than the Chuck Taylor high tops for spring and summer . The order was received on time and as expected . The price through Amazon was very good when taking into account the shipping charges . Also I was only to able to find the size I wanted through Amazon.com .
 this is my first time buying from amazon and it was a great experience . with 3-5 day shipping they came in 3 days . the shoes are great of course . this is my third pair of converse so i knew what to expect . they were in perfect condition when i received them . definitely do n't hesitate to buy !
 I am very satisfied with my recent Amazon purchase . My All Stars came significantly earlier than the prospected delivery date ! I am extremely satisfied with the seller ! Thank you Amazon !
 These shoes fit me just fine . Of course I had to buy it one size down which is typical for converse shoes , but otherwise I have nothing to complain about .
 Sweeet ! ... my boy is flipping over these . He wants to wear them everywhere - I drew the line at church .
 The shoes arrived quickly , size was correct and shoes were exactly what we needed ! Price was lower than any of the local vendors ! Thanks !
 I 'm a converse wearing kind of girl , And these are my favorite by far ! I have roughly about 10 pairs of converse they are the only shoes I wear . They we 're affordable and so comfortable ! Great buy !
 i 've own chuck taylor almost all of my life , and they are still growing strong , they 're back in style , and in all colors , thank you .
 great product , just as advertised . The item was purchased at a good price and the shipping was fast . I would purchase from this person again . they come highly recommended.thanksusm1975black
 Was bought as a Christmas Gift . He enjoys them because of the material your feet can breathe much better .
 I love these shoes and have owned many Chuck Taylor Converse shoes for 30 years . I did forget that when getting this shoe I must order a size smaller than my regular shoe size . This can be frustrating when ordering shoes online , so do n't forget to order 1size down : -RRB-
 Why does n't anybody state that they run full size large ? Maybe it 's not even worth mentioning as everybody knows that , but I 've never had experience with Converse before . I bought those in size 10 -LRB- men 's -RRB- for my brother -LRB- he always wears 10 -RRB- and they are big even for my husband -LRB- who wears 11 -RRB- . Other than that they are OK , good quality .
 I bought these basically since my other shoes were worn out and I noticed with certain weight lifting routines such as squats and dead lifts my weight would shift easy . I needed something close to the ground and not much cushion and these were it . I found with my other shoes I would start to slowly shift forward or backwards on them since they were so cushioned and I found myself off balance a lot . These shoes cleared that up for me but I will say arch support is almost nonexistant so I had to go find some small inserts because they were kind of uncomfortable at first and these things are kind of thin too . So if you go with inserts make sure they are n't very thick . I highly recommend not running in these since they do n't have supports or very much cushion at all . They are good for walking but I can not imagine running a mile or so in them without crippling foot pain.I did n't buy these at Amazon since I wanted to make sure I liked them before I bought them . I did n't really buy them for any fashion or anything since I could really care less about that . The color is what I like since I really do n't like Chuck Taylors that have white and another color . The black was perfect for me since it basic fit my color palette of clothing I wear . My wife says they look good on me so I will take her word for it but than again she may be humoring herself . These were my first pair of Converses and for the price you really can not go wrong since I can imagine myself hanging onto these for a good amount of time .
 I asked for a black converse all star . Shoes arrive on time as schedules and in perfect condition ! They came in their original box .
 Bought these for working in a bar so I 'd have a pair of shoes I could pretty much destroy and they 've held up really well . The first few weeks were a little brutal though as it took my feet a while to adjust to the soles but , once they did , it was smooth sailing.Another thing , they 're not as light colored as they are in the pictures here on Amazon . Mine were a few blue shades darker than the above pics .
 I own 5 pairs of Converse sneaks , my daughter has 3 pairs , and my son has 2 pairs . We all really love our Chucks . But this is my first pair of the low top kind . I love them so much . They are really comfortable and easy to slip on and off , and so very black so they go with any kind of casual clothing well.If you 're buying Converse for the first time , be aware they run just a touch big . This is wonderful for my son who has fairly wide feet , but the rest of us usually buy a half size small .
 Since Nike bought Converse the have altered the shoe . There used to be an extra piece of stitched canvas on the inner part just below the big toe and stitching through the back heal of the canvas . The show is basically the same , except without this extra stitching and canvas they do not last as long .
 I was very pleased to get these shoes , they 're very iconic no matter where you go and look great with just about any casual outfit . But after about 10 months of having these , rips between the rubber parts of the shoe and the cloth began to seperate . I 'm not sure whether this is due to how my feet fit within the shoe . After trying to fix the seams myself , the shoes soon began to just fall apart really and just became really unwearable . If they were cheaper I would consider getting a second pair and maybe another different pair of shoes along with them . Overall they 're still nice shoes , but they may need to be pampered somewhat for them to last a long time .
 Very quick and easy , description was perfect . I went and tried them on in the store first just to make sure of the size . I usually where a 7 or 7.5 in most shoes , but wear a 6 in these.Delivered faster than expected!All in all it was a great deal !
 I ordered these for my now husband to wear for our wedding ! They looked great and fit perfectly ! Also , props to LastPairs for being the only seller with a men 's size 13 ! That was a relief ! Thanks !
 I like black sneakers best because you can pull them off going to casual social things like neighborhood parties , cookouts , etc. and they dont look dumpy.these are comforatable and break in nicely .
 buen articulo llego a la fecha sin ning&uacute;n problema 100 % confiable el vendedor , operacion realizada sin ningun tipo de incoveniente el producto llena mi perspectiva
 This product speaks for itself . These are very nice casual shoes and a rugged . It 's great and is very comfortable and easy to put on .
 Shoes came in on time and they are a perfect fit ! I bought them in size 7 although I usually wear a size 7.5 so they do run a little long . Otherwise , I love my converse !
 I 'm wearing these bad boys right now . These sneakers have a sexy look to them , and you ca n't go wrong with classic chucks at this price . Buy them ! Every one should have black and white sneakers in their collection . They feel great , and I have n't had any problems with them yet . This is well worth the purchase . : - -RRB-
 I just picked these up for my uniform working at A&F , and I got ta say there 's a reason they 'll never go out of style . These shoes are damn fine , and they 're the only thing I own that 'll really fit my flat feet . My roommate/coworker gets a lot of use out of them , too .
 Because I live in the city , I do not have time or transportation to get items such as these . It was so convenient and I saved a little $ $ $ !
 I purchased these for work and they lasted FOREVER ! i basically wore them every day . I did finally have to throw them out because they got woren out and my feet started to get cold on the bottom from living in Minnesota , haha . But i would def buy these again !!!!!
 I bought this Converse sneaker in black . These All Star sneakers look stylish and good with any casual pants I own . I would have given the product 5 stars , EXCEPT , these shoes are like walking on bricks since they have no cushion in the soles for the heels . I understand they 're supposed to have the whole classic appeal ... but if you 're over 30 years old and try to rock a pair of Converse for an entire day , you may encounter some uncomfortable lower back pain . So 4 stars for fashion .
 I always liked Converse shoes and since i moved to the Dominican Republic , i 've gone thru my share of overpriced fakes . I 'm happy that i can get these online now . I like having shoes that go along with any type of clothing or colour ... any !!!! So yes , these are great and one can not go wrong in purchasing a pair unless u get the wrong size . I will definitely buy another or others in different colours . No regrets on this purchase .
 These are classic Converse shoes . They arrived quickly . The fit was true to size and they look great with our school uniform .
 I love my new shoes ! they fit great and look great . My daughter keeps taking them so I may have to get her a pair . nah , let her get her own !!
 I got these for my son 's 14th birthday . He was so excited he threw them on on the spot . He has worn them about a month now and they are still his favorites .
 my daughter is happy with the purchase . i had order in dec but received wrong size due men size instead of women size . it was my fault . the only complain it was that it took a long time from the time i sent it to get it replaced with correct size . that was my only complain it took a month to get it right . but is a cool sneaker and i did received correct one and my child is happy . yes i would recommend just when ordering make sure you click on the gender size -LRB- lol -RRB- if not you automactic received in male size .
 I love my shoes . They are comfortable and stylish . They are going to be the perfect little white tennies for the summer .
 En cuanto a calidad y precio Converse cumple con lo ofrecido , excelente calidad , durable y a la moda . Dispone para todos los gustos , edades , sin distincion , siempre innovadora
 Time-tested . This shoe goes really well with a great number of things , and I find myself wearing them even when the snow is piled high solely because I like the look.Protip
 EXCELENTE PRODUCTO , VENDIDO TAL COMO DESCRIBE EN LA WEB DE AMAZON , RECOMENDADO ESPECIALMENTE PARA QUIENES DESEEN DARSE UN REGALO Y AHORRAR AL MISMO TIEMPO
 The quality of this products is very nice , the item is original , not is copy . The color is great and it is new item.The time to travel and bla bla is accepted
 You cant go wrong with Chucks . I have been wearing them for the passed year out here in Afghanistan . They hold up nicely in the rough terrain and keep my feet cool during the summer months when the temperature reaches 130 F degrees . When I am back in the states , I wear pencil skirts and pumps to the office but I will never outgrow Chucks . I wear them on the weekends during coffee runs or for grocery shopping .
 I purchased some Converse Mens Chuck Taylor Sneaker from another store because they had some specials going on and I also had some coupons so I purchased them in the size I have always worn , size 9 . Then I try them and wow way too big , felt like a clown at the gym : -RRB- I can fit a whole finger in the back of the shoe with my foot in it . Anyway I did some research here on Amazon and bought pair from Amazon , a size 8 and wow !!! I ca n't believe it Perfect fit , I was about to buy half size smaller but I went with the whole one size smaller instead and I 'll say it again PERFECT FIT : -RRB- Buy one size smaller , quality is amazing
 I gave this snikers to my 15 year-old son and he loved . It has a juvenile color and it can use it daily , are confortables , the color is durable . Their friends have liked it . I recommend it
 I 've always been sceptical when buying any clothing and footwear online . I 've always wanted a pair of Chuck 's . Got these , tried them on and I love them !
 Basically just got what I ordered . Thanks for the deal ! The size and shoe were both correct and they were brand new .
 I 've used Converse sneakers for a little over a decade so I knew exactly what size to order , when I got them they were just perfect . Good to get dependable sizing and quality.They 're more of a fashion item , in the most relaxed sense of the word , than running shoes.Did not need to contact vendor after placing the order , I got my notification of shipment and the package arrived on the promised date .
 These shoes were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she loves them . . She says they are very comfortable and snazzy.When these Converse shoes wear out , she will purchase another pair .
 I love converse SO much . i wore my old ones until they had holes in them and were falling apart . i just got these and of course I LOVE THEM . they are 100 % REAL AUTHENTIC converse . the shipping was extremely fast , and very safely packaged :-RRB- thank you so much
 I ordered these shoes and received them in LESS than 24 hours . I had ordered them first from Trendi USA and after 5 days they had not even shipped them yet so I cancelled and bought these from GamedaySoles and received them the next day . So I would suggest always making sure it says , Order Fulfilled by Amazon.The shoes do run a little big so I should have ordered them a 1/2 size smaller but it 's not enough to return them . Just keep that in mind before you order.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Shoes -LRB- M9166 -RRB- Low top in Black
 I ordered these shoes for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them . They look great and are true to size . He said he wishes these shoes had more arch support because he has to wear insoles , but that is typical of this particular shoe .
 awesome shoes . what can i say . look great with pants , jeans , khakis . whatever . versatile , durable , sylish . you wo n't regret this purchase . maybe run a half size bigger than my size . but it 's iffy .
 Bought these for weight lifting , but find myself wearing them everywhere . What 's not to love about a pair of Chucks ? An American classic .
 These shoes are as soft and black as my heart is . Much more comfortable and sexy than hi tops IMHO . They 'll make your feet smell , though .
 just an FYI - these things wear a size smaller than what you normally wear -LRB- i.e. i wear a 9M and ordered an 8M that fit perfectly -RRB-
 I love my new shoes . They are perfect for CrossFitting since they are flat . Perfect for squats . Thank you !!!
 I have a very picky daughter when it comes to clothing ... We went all over the place looking for some new shoes for school ... She could n't find anything that she liked so when I got home I gave her Amazon.com and had her look here ... . She quickly picked these shoes and I ordered them ... . They arrived three days later and she loves them ... Not one complaint !
 I purchased 2 pair of Converse Chuck Taylor tennis shoes for my granddaughter 's Christmas gift . They were delivered before the projected date and were exactly what the girls wanted . I will not hesitate to order from them again .
 OMG ! i 've worn my converse everyday for an entire school year an the worst that happened was a few small holes that gave it a distressed look . you can just throw them in the washing machine an they come out as white as they were when you bought them . i got new ones after 1 year because the bottoms began to wear out slightly -LRB- emphasis on slightly -RRB- . overall , best sneakers you will find anywhere!p.s . they look better when the laces are loose not extremely tight .
 these shoes were exactly what i was hoping for . they are my first pair of chucks and i must say i LOVE them !!! i want them in every color possible ! =P super comfortable too ... i could wear them forever !
 I loved these shoes when I got them . They Rock . The company Dress Code is great also they were really good to me when I received my shoes unfortunately they did n't fit so I had to return them for a pair one size bigger . Anyway I did n't have the money at that time to send them back right away so I told them I would send them back as soon as I got paid and to my surprise a few days later I received a prepaid return label from them it was great . Now I am able to send them back right away I am very happy with everything .
 They are the shoe of shoes . I own multiple pair in different colors . They are great shoes and will last you ... Be carful they can rub your skin raw if you do n't properly tighten them.i could wear these shoes for days .
 I bought this converses for my daughter with the idea of a weekend shoes . When she saw it she loved it so much she uses it for school . She loves them !
 my son bought these with his own money and we were disappionted to find out the sizes run very large . Was n't made very well , sides began falling apart . Would n't buy this one again . Did arrive quickly .
 i had a converse b4 but it was getting really old so i decided to buy a new one . it was just as i wanted it to be . its sure NOT to disappoint .
 These are my 4th pair of Converse , the shoes are comfortable , affordable and a classic ! I already have them in black , navy blue and graffiti , so I decided to get a color more on the girly side so my friends stop saying `` are you into the emo thing now ? '' , that did n't work , but I have a new pair of low tops that I totally adore !! The shipping with lasership was incredibly fast I ordered on sunday with Free Shipping and got them Wednesday !!
 The tennis shoes arrived quickly . They fit , as always and arte a great value
 I received this order all the way from California to West Virginia in THREE DAYS . . the shoes are great and I highly recommend this company !
 These shoes are great they look nice too ! The only thing is that they do n't have great arch support so I suggest getting some Dr Scholls Insoles .
 Bought them for my husband 's bday early this year , so far he doesnt complain . He said they are comfi . And ithey are also very stylish in every outfits ; formal and casual . They are also cheaper than in stores . They are white , so of course will be so easy to get dirty but to me the dirtier they get , the more stylist they are . Lol .
 Happy with purchase.Customer Service was great when I emailed informing them that I had not recieved order.Order recieved 2 days later ... Thanks
 I wore out my first pair after 2 years . I have to have these in my shoe rack , have alot of other more expensive shoes but these are far and away my favorite !
 You 've seen these shoes everywhere ... right ? Well theres a reason for it ! They are SO comfortable and virtually go with ANY outfit ! I love them and wear them everyday ! :-RRB- BUY THESE SHOES and you wo n't regret it -LRB- unless YOU order the wrong size ! -RRB-
 Converse Unisex Chuck Taylor All Star Plaid Hi SneakerGreat shoes at a great price ! My daughter loves them : -RRB-
 The shoes have a very fresh look but they are so hard to clean being that there white definetly not your every day pair of shoes .
 An Excelent choice . They are very good for everyday use . Accesible price . I am very satisfied and I recommend it .
 As the title says , I believe this is an essential purchase for any man . They 're comfortable , light , and good looking . The flat sole is great for extended walking and sports -LRB- specially weight lifting in my case -RRB- . I like how they look and make my feet look slim as well . Heheh . Combined with my other clothing , I like how they help make everything seem that much `` tighter '' . These are just a must have : -RRB-
 VERY fast shipping . I bought shoes as a gift and was sure that they would n't be delivered in time , but they made with days to spare ! And the shoes looked lovely . Thanks so much ! : -RRB-
 Great purchase . The only place we could find these shoes in the right color . Fast and quick .
 I have purchased six pairs of these wonderfully comfortable shoes that can be worn with many different types of outfits .
 These shoes were exactly what I was looking for . The price was the best I 've seen anywhere . I could n't be happier .
 I have been wearing this make of Converse for about 5 years now , it 's just the type of shoe I like to wear . Since I 've been wearing these shoes for so long I found it easier and more convinent to just by them online . But I do not purchase shoes online regularly . I was a little apprehensive purchasing them online only for fear that I might end up with a different style then what I am use to . Fourtunately the picture represents exactly what you are ordering , in addition to the description . I received my order a little later than I would 've liked -LRB- i think it was on the 5th day which is nothing major -RRB- . The size , and style were correct , the shoes even came laced up which allowed me to just slip them right on and throw the old ones out which I appreciated . Ummm ... they feel like all the other pairs I have owned , and since this review focuses more on the seller I dont have any complaints about comfort or support because I knew what I was buying . So in summary the seller was good , my order was accurate in size and style , and my Chuck Taylor 's have been replaced yet again !
 they are so confortable and so cool and nice too wear.i love them and i would buy 10 more if i could .
 Thank you so much for your prompt arrival !! These were purchased as a gift to my best mate and the godfather to my daughter as he is a bit addicted to shoes ! He absolutley loved them and put them on straight away ! He found that the added spare pair of red laces was an added bonus ! The size was perfect and the description exactly as advertised!Thank you again for your quick service and quality product !
 As i was leaving feedback i accidently pressed the no answer instead of the yes answer . i just wanted to correct that and say that the sneakers were brand new and shipped on time
 Shoes arrived in original box ; pristine condition ; exactly what I ordered.HOwever , we ordered the wrong size . Return was handled well ; account to be credited for purchase price only . No shoes in stock in the size we needed , and it would be spring before any more arrived . When you see your size , order it ASAP .
 now that she is a bit older , i would have preferred she look at shoes with a little more support and cushioning especially around the ankle areabut nooooooo , she insisted on Chucks again after not wearing them for 15 yearsaaaand , she loves them : -RRB-
 Great purchase ! Great service ! Great delivery ! my boyfriend was very happy with his present . Thank you for making it so easy
 These shoes look good , they feel good , and they do n't cost much . If you 're feet are strong enough , you can even run in these -LRB- I do -RRB- .
 The way one dresses is a form of expressing our likes and interests , we express our style down to the shoe , literally . Having such a vast variety of brands to chose from , what style and price suits best to an individual can be challenging . So why not save a couple dollars on a good pair of shoes that can give you style , comfort , and suit both male and female gender ? Converse foot wear is the perfect answer for all of these categories by offering everything one can ask for . What was started in 1908 by Marquis Mills Converse with Chuck Taylor joining in 1918 as a sneaker for athletic wear would become a stye trend by the 1950 's . The Chuck Taylor All Star collection is the most popular collection from the converse brand with the wide range of colors it has to offer.In this tough economic time everyone is trying to get the best deal on the products they want most , no one wants to spend over one hundred dollars on a pair of shoes because we can not afford it , or we 're just trying to spend our money wisely . Converse prices range anywhere from thirty to eighty dollars depending on the style of the shoe . Some of Converse competitors are Nike and Vans both having decent shoes but at ridiculous prices both having shoes start at fifty dollars and going over a hundred dollars , which is not worth the money . Luckily All Stars can save you a couple dollars and still be stylish.Not only is the price reasonable for this product but you also get an enormous variety of colors to select from making your possibilities endless . From personal experience I have used over 10 pairs of Chuck Taylor 's and have many colors and styles to chose from . This collection being my favorite , with the options of choosing either high tops or the classic low tops one can not go wrong.The classic style of the black and white low top is simply a must have for everyones closet . These shoes are long lasting and comfortable to wear the entire day . Having worn both Vans and Nike 's in the past they were no where near being as comfortable as chucks are . No one wants to walk around with blisters on there feet from having a bad pair of shoes.Converse suit a broad range of ages from infants , teenagers , to young adults and even mature adults . Both male and female foot wear run in very similar looks making it almost hard to know which shoe is male and which is female which is great . From previously being a high school student and now in college I saw that this age group gets the biggest use out of chucks since they have a simple sold look to them and in no way are uncomfortable . These shoes are for a more casual look , and fit to any persons style , so they 're for every day use making it easy in the morning not having to decided what style of shoe you 'll wear because you 'll know exactly what pair of shoe to reach for.Having comfort , style , and a great price for a pair of shoes makes ones choices endless , and makes you want to get more than just one pair of shoes . So why would n't you want to go get a pair of Chuck Taylor Converse , It is the best choice you can ask for and you most defiantly wont regret buying this pair of shoes . Best way to go is to purchase a cheap pair of shoes that look great a provide the best comfort as apposed to having a good looking pair of shoes on the exterior and uncomfortable on the interior .
 thanks for this excellent product i using my convert in many times , . i have 3. : -RRB-
 These are all black Chucks ! You get what you would normally expect from Chucks . What else can you say ? Love em
 I GOT MY SHOES IN THE MAIL VERY FAST I LOVE THEM THEY GO WITH EVERYTHING I WEAR I RECOMMEND YOU BUY THEM .
 These are good shoes . They have a classic look and the monochrome look adds a nice little something something . A good , safe buy .
 I love chucks !!! what more can I say , super comfortable and clean.Cant weight to break em in and wait till they look old
 I bought these for a gift . The recipient loved them . Apparently it is hard to find the half sizes in stores with this shoe . No complaints with these .
 They are chucks ! You cant go wrong ! Best shoe out there for the price , you give up a litle comfortability but they do what they are meant to do !
 zapatos de excelente calidad , muy comodos para realizar cualquier actividad llegaron en el tiempo acordado y sin ninguna novedad los recomiendo ampliamente
 That 's a product with a long tradition in market and I just was replacing my old sneakers . Coverse really rules .
 These were my first converse , and I was a bit hesitant to buy a pair online , so I went to Khols and tried on a pair there to find the correct size . I bought the Black Monochrome , and they are stylish and comfortable . And look great ! I have had several compliments on them in the first week or so . A great buy !
 This was a Christmas present for my son . He loves and wears Chuck Taylor All Star OX shoes . He has several pairs .
 buenos zapatos , excelente producto y llego a tiempo , por lo tanto lo recomiendo cien por ciento . saludos a todos -LRB- a b c d -RRB-
 While I 'm not the one wearing them , they certainly are attractive and classic in style . Build quality appeared good . We are actually going to laser engrave on the side of the canvas part to customize for a friend . They will be Supah cool !
 This purchase was another gift for Christmas . I bought this particular pair of shoes for my wife . Although it was not a direct Amazon.com purchase and I was redirected to another site , the process was easy . The shoes were shipped fast and on time , there was great communication from the site that sold them . Another great purchase !
 I love my new shoes ! They fit great and I got them in no time . Thanks . * * * *
 Very cute my husband is 67 but he still loves his converse allstars ! Thanks !! Every thing is up to loving !
 I love Converse and this is my ninth pair . Not of the shoe of the same color though . I 'm fairly meticulous about taking care of my shoes so all of the ones I own -LRB- some for more than 5 years ! -RRB- still look brand new with moderate wear . They 're comfartable , durable , versatile , and flat out cool . Go buy them if you 've never owned a pair !
 Love my chucks . This is my second pair . The blue goes with everything . I teach preschool and they are comfortable and fun to wear to work .
 I love my Converse shoes . I know my size and I know that they will fit . Needless to say , when the shoes arrived they were in great condition ! They fit . No problems and no need for a return or exchange .
 i am on my 2nd pair of converse monochromes and these are the only shoes i wear and will ever wear . I wear them with jeans , i wear them with black slacks , i wear them playing basketball , etc. etc. etc. . They look awesome , they are super comfortable , they do n't get dirty and they last about 2 years with every day wear . I threw my last pair away because i kept wearing them even though they had holes in them because i liked them so much . Pretty much if i could buy a subscription to shoes where they would send me a new pair every year I would probably do it and then just never have to worry about footwear again.Actually , this is a good idea - converse send me a pair every year please
 I got hooked up with these Chuck Taylor 's in a jiffy . They were shipped right away and they fit like a glove ... Thanks Amazon , I still use you here in China !
 These shoes are a little high price wise , but you ca n't beat the convenience . Right at your doorstep and back into childhood for just a few extra dollars . No brainer . Will be back for more .
 These shoes are a great throw back to when I was a teenager . My daughters love them . They look super cute with any outfit - it does n't have t be athletic
 The shoes were in excellent quality and the size and the color were correct . Very good product . I am very happy with my purchase .
 Needed for a wedding and they worked . They are a little tight but I 'm stretching them out , width wise but other than I like them a lot !
 Im not a big fan of sneakers , but these shoes I now want in every color . They are so comfortable and a must have to every college student . Love them !
 These shoes are a classic and are very comfortable , but , you have to be careful or they will rip . mine ripped in the first month
 If you buy a Chuck Taylor , you know want you want , they are the classics , fits right usually I use 7 1/2 but in this case the 8 size fits better , most comfortable .
 Folks , what more we can say about converse ? its a classic ! its GOOD , GREAT , good quality , in love . Everyone must have one . My experience its a great shoe and resistent - the most important .
 My 23 y/o son asked for these for Christmas and he was ESCATIC ! He loves them so I guess this would be a positive review ! Shipping was fast and came in great condition .
 These shoes were shipped quickly , and were exactly as described . My son is thrilled with them . Thanks !
 Chucks rock ! Got these to match with my 2 and 4 year old boys . They love when we all put our chucks on together . These never go out of style .
 Bought item for my bro ... so all i can say is delivery was on time ... Thank You !
 Converse All Stars , a classic . Love them . They 're very comfortable and they 're perfect for a night at the movies or just hanging out with the guys.Obviously they do not have much support or cushion -LRB- and I was n't expecting any -RRB- . If I was going to be on my feet all day or doing something real active this is not the shoe I would choose.Tilly 's service was fantastic . I could n't be more pleased .
 This is my first pair of Chucks , and I have to say that I am absolutely in love with them . A good looking , comfortable , light shoe that goes with everything - what more could you want ?
 Having a wide foot they fit a little on the narrow side - I kept them knowing that canvas will probably stretch without to much problem . Also my shoes make a slight hollow sound from one of the baby toe tips ; I 'm assuming with time that too will abate .
 My cons were cheaper than getting them in the store and are my first pair . I love them they wo n't be my last . The people I ordered from through amazon sent me a shipping confirmation and on the confirmation it said it was a different shoe , but when I got them they were the ones I ordered from amazon so no harm done .
 I LOVE THESE CONVERSE ! THEY ARE CLASSIC , COULD N'T FIND THEM ANYWHERE ELSE . THEY 'VE RECEIVED MANY COMPLIMENTS !
 They had the right variety and a low price . It was a timely delivery , just what I ordered .
 I BOUGHT THESE FOR MYSELF . I LOVE THEM AND I WEAR THEM ALL THE TIME . I 'M 51 YEARS OLD SO YOU 'RE NEVER TOO OLD FOR THEM . THEY 'RE COMFY AND I WOULD N'T GIVE THEM UP FOR ANYTHING . MATTER OF FACT , I HOPE TO GET SOME RED ONES REAL SOON !!
 ... I 've been wearing Chuck Taylor 's -LRB- both in low and hi tops -RRB- for well over 30 years now . I remember when they were far , far cheaper than they are today , and the mainstay colors were much easier to find -LRB- i.e. , black , gray , canvas , blue and red -RRB- , but I do n't intend for this to be one of those `` in my day , you could go out to dinner and movie for a nickel '' type of reviews.The bottom line - these are great , comfortable shoes . I usually wear mine as they were originally intended - for use in the gym . Specifically , these are excellent , economical shoes to wear when doing certain weight-lifting/body-building routines such as deadlifts , squats and overhead presses -LRB- among the majority of my routines -RRB- . Perhaps the next best thing to doing those routines bare-footed -LRB- outside of the much more expensive Vibram Five Fingers KSO - Men 's -RRB- . Particularly when used only in the gym , these shoes last forever . Even when they are worn daily , out and about , they still hold up amazingly well . An absolute favorite of mine.Highly recommended .
 Came exactly as expected . Perfectly white and fit fine . It does get dirty easily but when wearing white shoes in NYC , that 's expected . I 'll probably buy again but in a different color . The only thing to note is that the racing stripe on the bottom is not blue , it was black .
 i ordered the traditional black converse just three days ago and i just got them in the mail today ! they came in my mailbox , from usps , and had the slim converse box . the shoes were in perfect condition and were the correct size and color that i ordered . very great service and impecable shipping speed . i definently will buy from this seller again and i highly recommend shopping with this seller ! : -RRB-
 Shoes are Great ! When you buy make your order for a smaller size . I ordered size 11 and they are plenty long enough . You should order at least 1/2 size smaller . Overall shoes are just like you 'd expect from Converse .
 These were a purchase for my 13 year old granddaughter . Although I have not physically seen them because they live in VA and I in MN , she tells me that they are just what she wanted . Pleased with the ease of this transaction and the speed in which they were shipped to her . Thank you .
 bought these for my wife ... she 's been wanting a pair of low-cut red chucks for a while . Ordered these for Christmas and they came quick with no issues .
 How can you go wrong with traditional Chuck 's ? I 've got several pairs and wear them everywhere from weddings , to school , work and shopping . Jeans and shorts .
 I bought the shoes for my little sister as a gift . She was delighted . She says the shoes are very confortable and can wear different styles . Nice confection and they were sent ontime . From my side , no complains .
 If your lady has any sort of style and loves the color green , get here these shoes . My wife works in the restaurant buiz as a server and wore these shoes every night for over a year at work . She received so many complements on her shoes . They are really a rare style / color to see . Plus they are CHUCK T 'S . They last . Get em ' , rock em ' , love em ' .
 I find it hard to get chuck taylors in size 12 in stores around my area . It was nice to see they had them here on amazon in a mulitple of styles at great prices . The shipping was faster than I could of imagined and I plan to order future products from this provider .
 The shoes arrived in perfect condition , true to size -LRB- 10.5 -RRB- fabulous bright red color , not a problem at all . Would definitley do business with the seller again . Thank you !
 daughter loves these shoes for school . fast shipment with no issues . will buy again from this seller .
 We have an adopted daughter that lives in Spain . We purchased these Converse shoes for her . When she visited us in Canada she was looking for a pair of black converse . At the moment that my husband and I saw them we purchased and sent to her immediately . She has been such a pleasure in our lives and a `` Big Sister '' to our daughter . We have heard from her since she has received them and she loves them.As for service from Amazon and Last Pairs , very prompt and professional . Thank you for making Olga 's `` special gift '' a memory for all of us .
 This is the second Converse Low Top I bought this week because of sizing error -LRB- my fault -RRB- . I ordered a size 10 in Mens the first time because I 'm a legit size 10.5 Mens in every other shoe I wear . The shoes were received quickly by mail and the quality is great . When I tried them on , I had a good amount of space inside the shoes to move my toes which was too much for me . These size 9.5 shoes are a perfect fit . The sellers advice is spot on about sizing . Order 1 size down from your usual shoe size if you want a good fit . Other than that , these shoes are great for casual walking and weight training . I use them for dead lifting and squatting . Definitely recommend these shoes to anyone !
 I had a pair of Converse Chuck Taylor High tops that I used to wear all of the time . After about 4 years I wore them out and into the ground . I decided I want to buy some low tops to replace it so I can wear it with some shorts . They came as described and even with an extra pair of red laces .
 I had to buy several Converse All-Star shoes for my newly formed basketball league . The wife recommended buying them at the German retail giant Kohl 's . She wanted to use the 30 % off coupon . But for some reason them Germans do n't want to carry the in-between shoe sizes for those rare instances of humans that fit somewhere in the middle of 10 and 11 . Thanks to the a seller on the Amazon Marketplace , I was able to get a pair at a comparable price that was shipped merely a day later after ordering ! Yay to my new league getting to finally play their first game !
 Like blue jeans and pocket T-shirts , Chucks will never go out of style . Instantly comfortable , there is n't the `` break in '' period you have with most shoes . These are simply the greatest casual shoe of all time .
 Love 'em and they arrived super fast ! They are very comfortable even though they 're chucks ! Definitely going to order them in more colors !
 These shoes are true to size , are authentic converse , are comfortable , and arrived on time and in the correct color . My only complaint about converse is that they are a bit too narrow . However you can find them at pretty much any shoe store so you can always try them on first before you buy them . I am happy about the price too -LRB- they were $ 10 more expensive at DSW than here on amazon -RRB- . They do n't offer much in terms of arch support , but overall I ca n't complain .
 On a recent visit , my daughter had lamented about the trouble that she was having finding Chuck Taylor Converse shoes in royal blue . She claimed that she and my father in law had been trying unsuccessfully for sometime to find the shoes . With my recent successes purchasing things on Amazon , I went in , found the shoes , ordered them , and before we were done with the conversation had them on their way.They arrived within the week , and she is happy , which makes me happy .
 I love converse , they are the most comfortable shoes.Its been one year I am using them -LRB- very rough -RRB- still goinggood just started looking bit worn out but that gives it more awesome look
 The all black look is great and slim so it works well with the back in style skinny jeans look for guys . Not the best arch support though so be wary of that . The shoes came quickly and although it seemed like they had been tried on -LRB- dust or animal hair on the bottom -RRB- it did n't seem as though they were worn outside or anything beyond being sampled as most shoes in any store would encounter if not purchased .
 converse are always great for outdoors . Perfect for people who break dance and also for style . First wear is not the best because it hurts your feet but after a month or so it will be comfortable . The only thing I dont like is because it is not water proof so if it rains then your feet gets wet no matter and its hard to slip shoes on like other athletic shoes .
 Converse are great for your feet . They contain little padding , so you maintain a natural walking motion . Its basically one step above being barefoot . I actually use them to weight train . They are also very stylish . Who does n't love converse ?
 I buy a new pair of these shoes every year for christmas for my wife , she seems to go through them pretty fast and i love that i can buy them off amazon in half sizes .
 Normal chucks ... awesome as always . I 've worn them for the past 2 years . They 're looking a little worn now , time to buy another pair . : -RRB-
 My classmates would show up to school with red , green , white , and black , and numerous other color schemed Converse , and wear them all day , every day ... even during P.E. -LRB- now THAT tells you something -RRB- . Their conversations would be full of `` Are you getting new low tops or high tops ? They 're on sale today ! '' or `` Cute Converse !!! '' . I 'd smile and wave them on . Converse ... REALLY ? What in the world is so great about Converse?I used to see Converse as unneccessary , too common , and not worth the money . Boy , was I wrong ! I recently purchased my first pair of Converse over Spring Break . The first thing I said when I wore them for the first time was `` WOW , ARE THESE LIGHT !!!! '' They are extremely comfy and can go with almost any outfit ! And , while the stylishness of Converse may be an opinionated topic for some , I think these are the cutest shoes in the world . No wonder so many people love them . I can say with confidence that these will not be my only pair ;-RRB- So , with that in mind , if you do not own a pair of Converse , check them out . You 'll be glad you did . Believe me .
 I had the experience of having to exchange these shoes . It was fairly simple and I had no issues . I ordered them as a Christmas present for my daughter . They arrived fairly quickly in the mail . Though we ordered her normal size , they were about 1/2 size too large . So I followed the online instructions and sent them back for an exchange . I received a replacement in just a little over a week . I was impressed with the quick turnaround . The only drawback is that I had to pay to ship them back and also include a check for $ 7.99 to cover shipping of the new shoes .
 I 've been shopping around for a good pair of Converse for a while , thinking that I could find them for under $ 20.00 if I looked hard enough . My last pair , which I bought three years ago , was $ 20 , and I thought surely I could find more for less than the $ 35-45 price tag I was seeing . Stupid inflation.I finally bought these when I realized if I was going to get a new pair , I had to cough up the extra dough . I 'm really glad I did . I wore the last pair all the time , and though they 're still comfortable and I 'm far too attached to them to throw them away , they have holes in the leather and in the sole , and they smell something foul when it rains . I have no doubt that these canvas Converse Chuck 's will last just as long and be just as comfortable , and my first few wears makes me confident that I 'm right . My last pair was leather , but the same shoe style , so I do n't know if the fabric of these will stretch . I do know that the leather ones never did , it only got a little less structured after three years of wear.What I like :1 . These are meant to wear as regular sneakers , so while you do n't want to go on a run with them , they are just as comfortable if you 're going on a long walk . There 's no chafing on the heel no matter how far I go , and the support means they 're not going to destroy your lower back if you find yourself walking or standing all day .2 . For me , at least , they fit true to size . I have wide feet , but the design of the shoe means I can lace them tighter or looser and not worry about them cutting into my circulation or falling off .3 . I got the navy blue ones , and the color is exactly what you see in the product picture . It 's vibrant , but not bright , and well-dyed and even-toned . As for dislikes , well ... there 's nothing I dislike about Converse , so you 're asking the wrong person if you 're looking for complaints . All Converse I 've ever owned are comfortable and simple , and I think it 's what the brand does best .
 Great product , bought them as a gift for my girlfriend and she could n't have been happier . Great shoes , very quick deliver , no problems .
 Got the shoes really fast , however they did n't fit . Called the number got the information to verify they had the one I wanted in my size . Returned and got the replacement even faster than the original order . Excellent service . Will definately shop here again .
 Red chucks was all my 17 year old wanted for Christmas . We did n't thinkthey would make it in time . The did and my childs face was priceless!Thank you .
 With Christmas looming , I ordered these blue Converse Lo Tops . They arrived immediately ! Crisp , new and perfect fit for my daughter.The extra pair of navy shoelaces arrived two weeks later , separately . No problem , we all had a good laugh over the arrival of onepair of shoelaces , amidst all the flurry of Christmas packages . Thank you !
 I get so many compliments on my chuck taylors ' they bring back the good old days and so comfortable !! I wore these when I was a kid !!
 estoy feliz con la compra pues no conseguia numero grande en chile para mi esposo . ademas la entrega fue rapida
 Fast shipping . Thank You !! I bought these for my son . I may buy a 2nd pair . He normally wears a size 14 but in these I bought a 13 and they fit fine . He loves them .
 I 've been wearing Chuck Taylors since the mid-80 's but this is my first pair with a black outsole -LRB- all others have been the standard off white -RRB- . I went to a party over the weekend in a backyard that was very little grass , mostly dirt , and was able to just wipe off the outsole with a damp cloth . If I had gone in shoes with an off white outsole , they would have been trashed . I also like the fact that these seem just a litle more `` dressy '' than most canvas Chuck Taylors . Highly recommended .
 I ordered the `` Chuck Taylor '' Converse All Stars in Black , just because I think they go with almost everything . The packaging was fine and I had no issues with the product . It arrived before the projected date and looked exactly like the photo . The box did include two pairs of laces , both black and white . I 've been wearing Converse Chuck Taylors for years and needed to replace my pair that I 've worn out . I rotate my shoes , so they had just ran their course . I really enjoy these shoes , I like the look , the style -LRB- which is very classic -RRB- , and the comfort . These are the most recognized sneaker , ever . More people comment on these more than any other pair that I own . The only drawback is that they run large . Make sure when you order them , you order them to your true size . Other than that , I have had no issues . YMMV .
 Right out of the box I knew these were going to look awesome with casual clothes for work or fun -- Love the Navy color , the white laces are a stark contrast and complete the outfit.Enjoy wearing them !
 Very nice looking shoe and very comfortable !! You can wear them all day and no problems.I bought them for my daughter and she loves them .
 Could n't find the right size at the store so looked for it at Amazon , then found it and purchased here . Everything was perfect . My daughter loved this shoes , and delivery was done as expected .
 I was skeptical about the comfort level of these shoes , given their seemingly flat design . I was wrong ! These shoes are very comfortable and supportive . I wear them all the time . Best casual sneaker ! Great price .
 Girlfriend loved them . Price was better then local area stores . She has other colors of the same shoe so they last a lifetime .
 Could not love them any more if I tried ! Perfect fit , perfect color , perfect delivery . I especially loved being able to get a half size , which is often hard to do with Converse .
 product received in good time and we liked it because it was requested by me to give away and use
 When I got the chucks I started to train capoeira and I felt like I was stylin and profilin wwwooooo
 a great shoe , buy a size below what you usually wear . comfy , durable and a great casual look with jeans .
 Exactly as advertised the famous Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Sneaker is a great buy ! Looks great , fits great and is super comfortable . I highly recommend it !
 I love these converse so much . They run about 1/2 size too big , which is fine for me , but overall these are my favorite pair of shoes that I own .
 Bought for my daughter . She loves the fit and they look very cute on . She is very trendy so these fit the bill nicely .
 excellent !!! My daughter wanted red and we could n't find them anywhere , not even on the converse site . So we are real pleased with Amazon for finding them for us .
 Quick delivery and item was just as described . These are pretty hard to find so I was very happy to get these for my husband
 Very happy with these sneakers . Look great and feel comfortable . Want to buy another pair !!
 I enjoy them every time I wear them . Comfortable , sporty and hip enough so that my daughter 's friends actually listen to me .
 I 've bought these Converse shoes -LRB- both navy and white -RRB- for my son . They came on scheduled time . He liked them , wear every day .
 Sneakers were a gift for son-in-law . That 's the kind he likes . He 's happy .
 THE SHOES WERE A CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR MY DAD . HE IS OLD SKOOL TO SAY THE LEAST . THE SHOES WERE LIKE PEOPLE BUYING THROWBACK JERSEYS . HE HAS NOT HAD ANY COMPLAINT ABOUT THE SHOES . TRUST ME THE SHOES HAVE GOT TO BE COMFORTABLE OR THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN RETUTNED INSTANTLY .
 The product was handled professionally by the supplier and the supplier rendered all assistance that was needed and the product was delivered on time . Good product , good job by supplier
 My orginal order was too big , however the instructions on how to reorder and ship back so as to maintain the free shipping offer were very clear and concise . The new pair arrived very quickly and were exactly as expected .
 I have been looking for a year for lowtop converse in red for my daughter . On the rare occasion that I found a pair , it was not the size I needed.I had no trouble locating them through Amazon . They arrived in plenty of time for Christmas and my daughter is thrilled . It was exactly what she wanted .
 I wanted red converse sneakers and could only find them at this merchant online -- they were priced below $ 30 and arrived in less than three days looking just as described .
 I ordered these shoes for my son who is a Crossfit Trainer . He wears a size 13 shoe so this is what I ordered . When the shoes arrived they were at least 2 sizes too large . My son said that they measured at least a size 14/15 . I had to return them . So if you are ordered these remember that they run very large .
 Very Fast ! I had the item within 2 days of placing the order , color and size correct . I was very pleased with the service .
 I love my Converse Chucks ! glad a picked grey , goes with alot of stuff . I usually wear a 9 or 8 & half n my chucks fit fine :-RRB- happy with my purchase !
 muy bien lo que se esperaba y en el tiempo estimado 100 % recomendado muy buena la compra del articulo
 100 por ciento complacido con la compra , llegaron en buenas condiciones y son de muy buena calidad . Altamente recomendados y a muy buen precio . Gracias .
 the only problem i had with this shoe was the sizing , i usually wears 8 or 8.5 but the size i bought was 5.5 so it was a little bit unusual !!!
 My daughter and I loved these shoes so much , she wanted a pair . She loves these more than the high top version she got previously . They are great shoe and versatile . I used to wear converse style shoes all the time when I was in high school , so it was fun to get another pair again . They fit comfortable , and felt true to size to me . Although a lot of people are saying they are not true to size . Because of that , my daughter and I bought the wrong sizes twice . So it confuses me why so many people are saying the sizing is off . So I am throwing my two cents in for that reason.My feet are about a 7 -LRB- one foot is a little longer than the other -RRB- and normal width . I 'm not overweight nor extremely thin . I ordered the womens 7 / mens 5 and they feel just right . My daughter also ordered the size most closest to her foot size and she said they fit better than the other two pair we tried to over/under compensate with . Good luck !
 I love these shoes . They 're fun and comfy to wear . I wore them all over Europe recently . They make me feel young and hip !
 The Chuck Taylor converse I ordered from AMAZON meet all my expectations.It is comfortable on my feet and i wear it everyday .
 I ordered these sneakers for my cousin . He loves them ! Great pair of basic sneakers that blends well with any outfit . Great decision , rather than over priced sneakers !
 These are my 4th pair of chucks and I love them . I know exactly what I 'm getting and I do n't have to try them on . I normally wear a 8.5 in womens , but I order a 6 in mens when I buy chucks . It took almost a week from when I placed my order to receive the shipping notice , but the shoes arrived 2 days after I got the email . Just wish they got here sooner !
 Took the advice of other reviews of this product and ordered a half-size under my usual shoe size . Perfect fit .
 The shipping was fast and the shoe was true to size . Thank you so much ! I now have a new favorite pair of shoes : -RRB-
 My mom would never wear these unless I bought them , but she loves them !!! They are uber comfortable and she feels like a teenager again !
 I bought a pair of these for my boyfriend as a present . They fit true to size and are stylish . He has always wanted a pair and is now very happy to have some ! After a few months they are holding up well and clean up easily with a wet rag and maybe a little soap .
 I bought these as a gift for my son . The sizing was spot on . He loves them . They are apparently very popular nowadays !
 There 's not much to say about this shoe that you do n't already know . These things last forever , while looking great and only getting more comfortable as their life goes on .
 Converse chuck Taylor lo top awesome and extremely fast shipper fit perfect what more can one sat they are a classic
 im in love with chucks.i love black and these are my fav , i match them with everything and they always feel comfortable.i cant wear them a lot on the summer cus they burn my feet but other than that , nothing better than my chucks
 MY GRANDSON ORDERED THESE FOR HIS CHRISTMAS GIFT AND WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THEM . THEY WERE THE PERFECT FIT AND VERY COMFORTABLE FOR HIM .
 very good product I recommend it to everyone I came perfectly and has no sign of damage apart is very good product !
 My daughter shamed me into wearing these comfortable and stylish shoes , claiming that I was &#34; dated &#34; in wearing my regular running shoes . They are comfortable and I receive many compliments .
 Exactly as was expected , good very durable shoes . Very clean and wearable . Would definitely purchase again , nice to wear out .
 I could n't purchase these anyplace in town and as usual you had them available for me ! I got them in record time and ready to send off for a christmas gift .
 the shoes were perfect and came right on time . however , the very first time i wore them , they got scuffed by a tricky curb . i wish you could have installed some kind of invisable force field around them so that they would stay so white . you really need to work on that .
 I got the shoes really quickly . They were very well priced . They arrived pretty quickly in the mail , although I wish they had arrived slightly quicker .
 Bought these for Christmas for my 13 year old daughter and they were a huge hit .
 My daughter loved the shoes . They are good quality and reasonable price . The vendor sent the shoes on time . My daughter says they are `` very cool ''
 I love these shoes . They are not true `` athletic '' shoes and work really well in my casual work environment without looking too casual and clunky . I am a woman and still want to maintain some sense of style without sacrificing comfort . These shoes do it for me .
 I have bought these shows for maybe 40 years , I always loved them , and bought this pair for my daughter . She loves them , good to see a longlasting long loved product withstand the test of time .
 After seeing the popularity of this shoe , I decided to test it out myself and I am impressed . Although its not too comfortable , they hug your feet and do n't slip off even when loose , which is exactly what I was aiming for .
 Got these for our 15 year old son . He wears them with a pair of dark rinse skinny levi jeans , leather studded punk belt and a tee . Got ta have these shoes to get that `` rocker '' look . Only con about the shoe is that within a couple of weeks , one of the metal eyelets -LRB- for ventilation -RRB- on the side of the shoe fell off . However , the insole is thicker and cushiony compared to other cheaper knockoffs , like at Walmart . Anyhow , our son loves them and would give a 5 star rating , but I gave a 4 star rating for quality .
 A little confusing because the site clearly says Mens / Women 's but the emails from the store refers to kid sizes ... so I was nervous about not getting the correct size but all worked out GREAT !!!!! I would definitely recommend !! ''
 We bought these for my daughter to start school . They are classic , cool and do n't cost a fortune . The conversion from men 's to women 's sizes was accurate . They hold up much better than knock-offs of the same style . Also Amazon makes things so easy , my mother wanted to get my daughter something to start school & did n't have time to shop . I went to my daughter 's wish list & because I have shopped Amazon for my mother before I had all her information . I was done in 3 minutes .
 Been wearing converse for years ; great shoes , came just as promised in the picture and description . Cheaper , even with the shipping expenses , then in the stores where you can find all black chucks . Shoes packaged very well ; shipping was ridiculously fast , had it in two days ; great amazon experience !
 I ordered these and when I got them they were everything I thought they would be . I love em !
 This purchase was very good choice , since they are an excellent pair of shoes , very comfortable , a good choice for day to day . Additionally , the shipping and delivery was prompt and the product was in perfect condition .
 There are certain brands that I , and most people I know , can always depend on to deliver a good product ... Levis , Lee 's , Fossil , Red Wing , Nike , etc. ... Converse is definitely in that group of brands ... AND , that 's just one thing that 's great about Converse ... Another is thing that I love about Converse is hoe much I love ... Yes love ... their initiative to take their shoes and make a big STEP further with the wonderful fun and creative styles and designs they now do with them ! It 's great that one can even go on their site and do their own custom artwork to bring out one 's own style personality ! Now that 's innovative and being in touch with customers!I remember back in the 70s when I was a tween that they were about mainly basketball before they took off as everyday comfortable footwear ... As it moved more to that I saw a lot of designs and artwork starting to appear on the canvas shoes ... Ya ' know 70 's stuff like peace signs , and flowers , and rainbows in psychedelic neon colors ... Ha!I 'm sure some saw it as graffiti or , like when the style trend was to get jeans to have that really worn look ... To the extent that some took scissors to their brand new jeans and cut holes in the knees ... Funny really . . But it was fun and that 's why fashion and trends are fun because individual style and personality can be expressed to the world without saying a word ! It wouldnt surprise me at all to find out that now they are employed by Converse to develop and design the more whimsical shoes that make for `` Happy Feet '' indeed!Anyway , Kudos to Converse for really getting that and making a good shoe that also has pazzazzzz ! Also , as far as the transaction of my purchase at Amazon.com for these ... It was the same as the many many other purchases I 've had before ... On Amazon I know I 'll find what I 'm shopping for ... At a better price than out and about the malls and shops ... And , if I pay attention and use all of the benefits and promotions they provide to help with cost ... I truly end up on the bargain end of my consumerism ... So , let 's see ... I 've gone way past 20 words now ... Let 's just say I thought it said 200 not 20 ! Ha !!
 If you did n't already know , make sure you order 1/2 a size smaller then you normally would when ordering Converse.Love these shoes .
 Shoes arrived in wonderful shape ; packaged well ; exactly what I ordered.However , we ordered the wrong size . Return went well ; advised my account would be credited for purchase price only ; but there was no stock available nor could they tell me when they would receive more in the size we needed . If you need a specific size , order it ASAP .
 For all of those people who would rather pet the animals than wear them , these are the shoes for you ! Converse has been making `` Chuck Taylor 's '' longer than I have been alive and not one animal has lost it 's life to make them ! The only downside to Converse is that they are not the most comfy shoe , however , a insole insert fits rather nicely into them and then your good to go .
 NOTHING CAN EVER TAKE THE PLACE OF A TRIED & TRUE PAIR OF CHUCK TAYLOR ALL-STARS . -LRB- WE CALLED THEM BO-BOS IN THE 70 'S -RRB-
 Chucks are the perfect shoe . They came quickly and it was easy . The shoes fit perfect and they 've been great !
 These shoes are wonderful . The color is great and they arrived much quicker than I expected them to .
 I am not pleased with the fact that I returned the item & requested an exchange of a smaller size . Instead I was given a refund even after I filled out the exchange request . This was a gift for my daughter & she was disappointed that they refused to make the exchange .
 Awesome shoes ! They 're the classic lo top in a modern color . Fit great , feel great , and goes with most outfits .
 Came on time ! I love these sneakers i wear these and the blue ones all the time . They look great .
 I 've been looking for red chucks for a while now . I love these !! I would recommend getting a half size to a full size smaller though , they run quite large .
 I bought these Chuck 's for my daughter and they were a perfect fit . The turnaround time was excellent ! I will continue to purchase from this vendor : -RRB-
 I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them . They were a very good price and I will probably buy more .
 I purchased these shoes for my boyfriend because we could n't find any large enough for his feet in stores . He loves them and wears them all the time ! The only thing I might change about my purchase is the shipping . We had to have them by a specific date and yes they were here on time , it was nerve racking wondering if the standard ship would be sufficient . Overall excellent purchase !
 a few minutes at the computer with teenager , a couple of days latter = happiness ! Thank you ,
 This shoes are legendary , not really too much to say about them . You know it , I know it , . . They 're back , more than ever . . get yours now . Confy as the most expensive snickers out there .
 I have been wearing all stars for way to long now , and these are just as good as I remember . These shoes are iconic , we all know how good these are , the oxfords are a great change of pace from my high tops . These shoes will never go out style !
 I dont think I would recommend these for sports but they are great for just walking . I work in the city and have to dress up but weather permitting , I always walk from my car or train to the office in these , and then change to my formal shoes . Going home , I do the reverse . I find them very comfortable and they hold up well . I highly recommend them for these types of activities but they dont have enough tread for sports .
 I bought this pair of converse for my daughter , and she loves them . They are so comfortable to wear and great quality as well .
 What can be said about a pair of canvas tennis shoes ? They fit , the laces tie , I wear them .
 I love shoes ... I couldnt wait to get these ... I had them in a few days and their great . I even got a pair for my son . I recomend the shoes and Amazon !!
 I bought these shoes for my daughter a few months ago because we could not find them at the store . It was well worth the risk of buying them the wrong size because they are exactly what she was looking for . They do n't look cheap , they 're not noticeably dirty even when they are , and for a girl mostly importantly , is that they match just about any outfit . We ca n't find anything negative to say about these shoes .
 love these shoes . no trouble with purchase . fit just perfect . love these shoes . love this brand . love this color . love
 These are the most comfortable shoes I 've had in a very long while , and they fit like a glove ! I have n't owned a pair of converse in well over 3 years , and I 'm so happy I decided to buy a new pair . Will definitely keep buying from all-star for a long time to come .
 My daughter loves converse so the fact that it fit her witout us having to return or try on in the store was a plus - it arrived on time
 My husband is an almost exclusive low top Converse wearer . He has been wanting a pair of TRUE red not TOMATO colored chucks . These are a true tradition red and he loves them !!! Great price , better than any I have found in stores and they fit like a dream . Highly recommend these !!!
 ca n't ever go wrong with a pair of chucks ! they always say go a half a size down , but in my boyfriends case he had to go a full size down , and me i 'm safe with going half a size down . . so it definitly varys
 Converse All Star are made to feel comfortable , this kind of shoes is never out of fashion , with jeans or shorts , wit t-shirts or shirts , once you wear a pair you will wish to have all of them .
 These were a perfect fit for my girl , she was excited to see them under the tree . She loves them and the were shipped very quickly .
 From the past to the present Converses have always been in style . These classic shoes are all over America today . Why are they so popular ? Probably because they 've stayed the same over the years . Any type of person can wear these trendy shoes , and a good thing is , they last incredibly long . I recommend these shoes to babies all the way up to adults !
 The shoes looks good and are well made , I know how young people like to stay in style and they arrived well in the time frame given .
 I looove these shoes . They are supper comfy and match with pretty much anything . You can get cheaper rip off ones at target or payless but they have ugly childish disgnes on them and get damaged allot easier .
 I love them in every color !! :-RRB- The shoes are simple and perfect ! I have worn them for many years and I will continue to do so ! I highly recommend these !
 I have had the chucks for about a month now and there holding up well . I like the look of them there comfortable and simple ill be wearing them for a long time ! :-RRB- If you are thinking of buying some chuck T 's i would there pretty cheap and they can withstand some wear amd tear ! Five stars
 Purchased for my daughter . She loves the sneaker , runs slightly larger than normal shoe size . I would order 1/2 size smaller .
 After wearing the high tops for basketball , I wanted a pair of the low tops that I could wear in the summer with shorts without looking like a complete idiot . These are possibly my favorite shoes -LRB- bearing in mind , I 'm a guy -RRB- . They 're comfortable , and since they 're made of canvas , my feet do n't get hot while wearing them . I have n't had a problem with them getting cold either . I 'd say the biggest plus over the high tops is the ease in which I 'm able to put them on . You dont have to unlace half the shoe to be able to put your foot in it . The only disappointment I have is that the shoes are n't any less expensive on amazon as they are in retailers around my area .
 Outstanding shoes ! Just like I remembered from high school years ago . I was glad to see them make a comeback and the price is great too .
 Talk about an old reliable . Takes a licking and keeps on ticking.Converse ALL Stars are tough and have put up to the test of time.May not be the most comfortable pairs of sneakers I own . But they are great for everyday use.Highly recommend them .
 I got a pair for myself and absolutely loved them . They are comfortable and versatile . My husband liked them , too , and wanted a pair for himself . So now we have a pair of matching shoes that we each enjoy . They were delivered in a timely manner -LRB- both times -RRB- ... I recommend these shoes and this seller .
 I have n't worn converse for years ! I forgot how wonderful they felt and how much fun it is to wear them . I 'm a stay at home mom and want to get `` dressed to shoes '' every morning in some lace up shoes . I do n't really like the look of white athletic type shoes unless I 'm exercising . I love my new converse shoes !
 I was extremely satisfied . The shipping was BEYOND fast ! I got my shoes the next day.My husband has some old blue ones and I wanted to get him ones in black . I checked for his shoe size for Chuck 's -LRB- since they tend to be a size or a size and a half longer then the normal shoe size -RRB- .
 In nostalgic moment , I decided I needed some Chucks . As a teen I wanted red ones but never got any , so now at 55 , I said what the heck . They are as lightweight and comfortable as I remember . A great buy .
 These things are timeless . Their image is undeniable . My only complaint is that they are kind of thin and flat ; if you 're looking for cushy comfort shoes , they are n't for you .
 I bought these shoes a few years ago for walking around , but did n't wear them much because of how uncomfortable they are for long walks and/or running.However , I 've found that these shoes make excellent and inexpensive shoes for weight lifting , especially during squats , as well as for heavy bag work when boxing . These shoes have very little cushioning other than the hard rubber soles , but this gives you an excellent and stable plant so that your can perform squats with much better traction and balance than in heavily cushioned running shoes.The material of the outsole , the bottom of the shoe , is such that it gives you traction when you need it , can be easily avoided when you do n't . My feet are squarely planted for squats , lunges , and heavy lifting - they do n't slide . They plant well , and I get good form.However , when I 'm doing heavy bag work , they are extremely easy to pivot in and let me easily pivot my feet and hips to delivery quick and strong punches and round house kicks to heavy bags - a much better feeling than even going barefoot , unless I were to use a lot of talcum powder on my feet .
 Oh these are lovely . The colour is just one of a kind . Thoroughly enjoying them . i think I will buy another pair as at the rate that I am wearing them , they might not lat long ...
 Although the shoes were exactly what I wanted , I think the price is considerably high for canvas-topped shoes .
 nice and confort but bigger than real size.maybe is because they are men shoes.anyway , they were enough confortable to use in daily life .
 This was the best price I could find for this shoe anywhere . Was shipped quickly . I am very satisfied with this vendor .
 Quick shipping , and no problems at all . They have all the colors so you can mix and match
 I normally wear a size 10 in womens , but these are sort of big . I wish I saw the reviews before I bought them . I would have gone down a size . I definately suggest you go do that before you commit to a purchace with these shoes . They got here super fast , I was wearing them two days later !! Thank you so much .
 Oh man I 'd forgotten how easy these are to wear ! Make sure and get 1 size smaller , they do run big no matter what they say at the shoe store . A classic that never goes out of style . I had n't had a pair in years and these are rapidly becoming my `` go to '' pair of shoes.PLUS THEY 'RE JUST PLAIN COOL !!
 Product was just as advertised . Only concern was that I did not receive a tracking number so I had no idea when exactly it would arrive . Other than that , great seller = -RRB-
 This pair is as good as described but i have to return it because i dont use shoes with laces and picture was not very clear . Return policy and customer service is top rated .
 I always liked Converse and they are the same , great shoe they have always been . If you have n't ever had a pair , get some ! They are very basic , no lumpy arch supports that drive me crazy , and they come in every color you can think of . In my opinion , they are pretty fashionable . :-RRB- Enjoy !
 These shoes are the best things I Bought on amazon . I recomeend this product who wants the real converse . I love them and now i wear them everyday and everywhere i go !!! I cant wait till i buy or get my next pair !!
 I wanted some new summer sandals , but I did n't want to pay top dollar.I first looked at Clarks , but no good prices on what I liked.I looked at several other brands before seeing Propet . I decided to give them a try , and I am so thankful I did!The propet women 's breeze walker sandal is well made , expensive looking and very comfortable . No break in time needed.This particular sandal has some type of breathable cushiony thing which seems to keep my feet dry so far . -LRB- we 'll see how well it work as weather gets much hotter -RRB- . If you 're on the fence about buying these or another brand -LRB- like Clark 's -RRB- , I 'd say give Propet a try . The quality and comfort are there.Hopefully , you 'll get them on sale !
 I 'm so glad that I discovered these shoes ! I have them in every color and wear them most of the time . I travel a lot and I can walk all day in these shoes without pain . I especially like the idea of the velcro straps everywhere so that if your feet swell from sitting too long , you can let them loose a little while . They do n't take up lots of room in your luggage . You can be dressed up or dressed down . I 've worn them to the beach and also for evening wear with a long skirt . Treat yourself and buy a pair of these wonderful shoes ! Order your regular size as they are true to fit . Ignore the person who compared these to Clark 's . These are better .
 I love these sandals . I got the brushed leather ones , and they are very comfortable . They have some arch support and all the straps adjust for a comfortable fit . I wear a 7.5 in most shoes and that is what I ordered in these . They fit me perfectly .
 I have plantar fasciitis which is easily aggravated by most shoes - especially sandals . It has been especially difficult to find sandals that do n't bother my feet . To complicate matters , I blister easily . And , I need adequate but not hard arch support or I have foot pain.These sandals are the most comfortable I have ever worn . I wear them all day - I hike and walk the dogs in them - I even have run in them when I 've needed to - without any problems . I would give the six stars if I could for comfort without looking like clunky old-lady shoes .
 I purchased this shoe in white using my normal size and they are a perfect fit and feel as if you are walking on pillows . My feet do not get tired with this shoe . I am going to purchase this shoe in another color .
 I am quite pleased with these shoes . They are comfortable out of the box . I have very wide feet , and I have a tough time finding shoes that fit . I wanted to buy something that was more reasonably priced than Wolkys -LRB- which I love -RRB- . I bought a size 11 , WW . It 's a bit too long -LRB- a 10 would have been fine -RRB- , but that 's okay . I 'm just delighted to have sandals that are wide enough ! I would certainly buy another pair . I 've never bought shoes online before , and it 's worked out very satisfactorily .
 These sandals are awesome . I have a lot of foot problems due to a birth defect . These were comfortable right out of the box . I ca n't remember the last pair of shoes that did n't need breaking in . The price was also awesome .
 I decided to try these sandals as a possible replacement for the old Clark 's Sunbeat , which no longer lives up to its former standard of quality , unfortunately . These have a very similar appearance and , if anything , are more comfortable . I thought I might dislike the look of the Velcro straps , but it 's actually not very noticeable . They are very comfortable and , I thought , more attractive than they appeared in the picture -LRB- of course , I 'm at an age where `` comfortable '' tends to be synonymous with `` attractive '' -RRB- . I downgraded them one star because the ankle strap tends to ride a little high on me , rubbing right underneath my ankle bone . I think when they get broken in and soften up a little , this will probably cease to be a problem , but for now , it 's very irritating after awhile . Overall , though , I like this sandal and look forward to wearing it this summer .
 Propet Women 's Breeze Walker SandalI have n't bought many shoes on line , but I actually had tried on this model while shopping a few weeks earlier . However I could n't imagine how luxuriously comfortable it would be . I am wearing it everywhere - church , work , shopping - it 's that comfortable . They are also very lightweight and easily wiped off . And they were ten dollars cheaper than at the `` outlet '' store where I was shopping . What a bargain .
 very pretty light blue , not too pale.great fit , very comfortable.fast shipping.this is my seventh pair . lots of color choices .
 I very much liked the shoe , but due to the fact that I have very narrow feet , it did n't fit . Great service ordering through Amazon .
 I do n't have good luck with this brand . I bought Propet walking shoes that I had to return because they were too small . I like the looks of these sandals and I read the reviews that said they run large so I thought they might fit me . I ordered my usual size and they were too small . My toes were right at the end . I returned those and ordered the next size up . This time the length was just right but the shoes are wider ! Even with the velcro adjustment I ca n't get them comfortably snug . This is just me . They are nice sandals and I really wish they fit me . If Propet shoes fit you then you 'll like these sandals .
 I have spent several years looking for a practical walking , comfortable white sandal . A friend suggested to check Amazon and I am so happy I did . These sandals are comfortable and exactly what I wanted . The price was reasonable too !
 Wonderful sandal - comfortable - easily adjusts to just the right size ! Sturdy and stylish ! I 've worn this sandal for at least 5 years now ! I just love it !
 Really happy with my purchase . This is the second pair of Propet ' I 've purchased . The first pair was a short all weather boot . I love the side zipper and the wide sizing . The second pair is a pair of sandals , brick color is great . Comfy , good support .
 Wife loves this product . She is disappointed that it is appearently unavailable in the Yellow color anymore .
 This is my favorite sandal . I highly recommend this product for everyday summer outings and vacations . Walking is a breeze in these Breeze Walkers .
 This shoe was nice and comfortable . Bought it for a trip to Europe.However , it came up too high on my ankle bone and had to return it .
 I needed a wide sandal . Fit is good . I like being able to adjust the top with Velcro , but the leather is really stiff and rubbed my foot raw near top strap . I 'm going to use some moleskin -LRB- I put it inside the sandal not on me -RRB- to help that until these -LRB- hopefully -RRB- get more pliable with walking .
 Estoy encantada con esas sandalias , preciosas , muy comodas . He tenido otras sandalias de esta marca y me han resultado excelentes . Si lo recomendaria .
 I really like the way the shoe feels , I would have given it a 5 if it had better arch support -LRB- My other experiences w / Propet they all had great support -RRB- . The foot bed on this sandal is flat . It does not feel like it will pinch or give blisters . I have only worn it around the house so far to see how they will be .
 I love the Breeze Walker sandal . I gave it 4 stars because they changed their sole . At least that is my opinion . I am going to call the manufacturer to check . What I am referring to is that it seems to be a man-made composition instead of the way it used to be leather . As a result I feel like it is slippery if there is perspiration . Other than that it is a very comfortable walking shoe .
 I have always been reluctant to buy shoes on-line but I decided to give it a try . Thanks to all of you wonderful Amazon customers who took the time to describe your experience and give your honest feedback ! I have a very high arch and instep and many shoes will not fit over my foot . Also , in some shoes I wear one size and in some another size . I took a chance and bought what is usually my `` regular size '' . They fit perfectly . With the adjustable straps , my instep problems are solved . But most of all , when I put them on the first time , my instant response was `` Ahhhhhhh '' - they are so very comfortable right out of the box . No `` breaking in '' at all . They have become by favorite summer shoes and while some sandals are only for casual wear , these are nice enough to wear anywhere . Delivery was on time as advertised and they even included easy return instructions and pre-paid return label . Fortunately , I did n't have to use it .
 I just purchased my 5th pair of Propet Breeze Walkers . I have some severe foot problems post botched bunion surgery , and these sandals are the only shoes that are comfortable all day long for me . The arch is very good and the adjustable straps allow you to adjust to meet your foot needs . Love them .
 I own seven pairs of this sandal , in six colors , and I have purchased one further pair for my mother , who is in a nursing home in Arizona , and whose feet swell . I wear sandals 365 days a year in Idaho , as due to a thyroid disease , I can not tolerate having warm feet . I have worn out two pairs in the past . The first one I wore for four years , daily , exclusively , due to poverty , and they stood up to the abuse . -LRB- I have large feet and I am a substantial woman . -RRB- I would recommend this sandal to anyone who suffers from any of a range of foot issues , because it is totally adjustable . The sandal is well-made ; after three years , I had my shoe repair person replace the elastic under the buckle on both sandals . Otherwise , everything held up , in rain and snow , daily , in Idaho . I believe that manufacturers call that `` testing to destruction '' . I replaced that pair not so much because of their age , as because I finally had enough money to buy another pair . I did not even look for any other kind of sandal , or any other manufacturer . I will be wearing these for the rest of my life.Some of the other reviewers have mentioned that they had no break-in period with this model . Neither did I. On ONE sandal in ONE pair , there was a rough edge inside on a sewn seam . I bought some moleskin and attached it to the rough place inside the sandal , and have never given it another thought.My mother is delighted with the pair I bought her for this summer ; I came to this page today to buy her another color for the winter.My only wish is that a few more colors were available in 12EE . But I can not downgrade the sandal for that . I own and wear sandals in colors I had never been able to find before in my life . Color me a happy Propet customer for life .
 I purchased these in a 4E width for my grandmother , whose feet are very swollen due to medical issues . It had gotten to the point where shoes either did n't fit her or were very uncomfortable . Finally I found these and they actually fit her ! She is very happy with them . They were worth every penny .
 These are my second pair of Propet sandals . I bought another pair because they are super comfortable sandals . They are great for walking a long way or standing for extended periods . I recently stood in a standby line at an event for several hours and my feet felt great . My only gripe with these shoes would be the location of the buckle . They are not the easiest shoes to get off and on especially at airport security .
 I was looking for a good walking sandal that could be adjusted in case my feet were swollen -LRB- as often happens after flying -RRB- . These were comfortable right away , the size was good , wore them every day and they were always comfortable , no blisters forming . Very happy with them , and would purchase other Propet products .
 My wife has a hard time finding strap-back velcro or buckle sandals in a wide width and a short size ... . these are almost perfect . The only problem is that the buckle strap is very short and a bit hard for her to buckle - aside from that , she LOVES these sandals ! She says `` HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! ''
 I have this walking sandal in white and tan , as well as the black ones I recently purchased from Amazon.com . They fit great and are very comfortable for all day wear . I wear a size 13 N , and it 's difficult to find shoes , so I was pleased to find them on Amazon.com . Another plus was Amazon 's price was much less than where I 'd purchased the other two pair .
 The heat in Arizona makes everything hot , especially your feet . It would be so uncomfortable without Propet Sandals . I purchased a pair last year and was overjoyed to be able to purchase two pairs this year . Try them . You too can be comfortable no matter how hot it gets .
 Very comfortable sandle . Hard to find a good quality sandle that offers support and leave your feet feeling good even after walking a long time . The sole is thick enough to absorb hard pavement . Best sandle I 've ever owned .
 The width is perfect , and they were priced very reasonably . This is my first time purchasing Propet shoes , but it definitely wo n't be my last .
 I bought this pair from a plus-size catalog , and have been extremely pleased with them . My flat feet are clown-sized and wide , and I 'm partly disabled -LRB- one foot is usually swollen -RRB- , so you can imagine how difficult it is to find comfy shoes . This brand and model is very lightweight and cushioned as I walk . The light weight is important because I do n't have to stomp around in boots , and I do n't trip on carpet or other surface disruptions . I can put on some mileage with this pair ! The Velcro straps easily adjust for my normal foot and swollen foot . It 's all good . Time to buy another color , because the first pair , bought in 2008 , is by no means worn out or broken . Add to my cart , Amazon !
 These are so comfy and are really walking shoes . I liked them so much I ordered a second pair . Shoes are difficult for me to buy as my feet are small and narrow but these fit .
 Propet makes excellent shoes , all types , their sandals are my favorite and this style is the most comfortable I have every worn .
 Propet breeze walker sandals were received as described ... before estimated delivery date . Would order this product again .
 These sandals are just great in comfort and appearance , wonderful for vacations . The service was speedy as always .
 First time shoe buyer via internet . Purchased because I 'd worn Propet before and was pleased with fit . Not disappointed ! The fit was perfect and shoes delivered in a timely way .
 This shoe is very comfortable and so far easy to clean . They were comfortable at the first wearing . They are excellent when you have a lot of walking to do .
 Like walking on air . They are well cushioned and adjustable width . I 'll buy these in other colors for sure . The ankle strap provides some support . I 've had a couple of ankle surgeries so I need really well padded soles and these provide the comfort I need .
 I was delighted to find these sandals very comfortable and at a great price . I have a hard foot to fit and they were perfect .
 I purchased these shoes as a gift for my aunt in PA. . She said it is the most comfortable shoe she has ever worn . I will purchase another pair for her closer to spring but told her the red ones are year-round too . Next , I will purchase a pair for me . Many thanks . NJ
 This is the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn . I bought a second pair for wearing outside because I use the first pair as slippers . The insole is like walking on a cloud , a dry cloud . The front straps are adjustable . The fit is true . I can wear them all day long . I have had shoes and sandals that gave me blisters on my bunions or corns on my toes . Not these . I hope Propet never stop making them.Mary
 Several years ago I broke all five metatarsus in my right foot . I have since then had some problem finding comfortable/well fitting shoes . The ability to adjust the front two straps on the Propet sandals has been fantastic . The feel walking in these shoes is more comfortable than any other sandals I have ever had ... even those that cost much more . They are also available in many different colors and I like this also .
 It is very difficult to find `` normal '' shoes when you have wide feet or foot problems . Propet offers styles for every foot .
 Bought my first pair a couple of years ago . Just bought two more pairs to take on a cruise . They are attractive have good support and are comfortable to walk in . the two velcro front straps were a great adjustment idea . My old ones still have a lot of wear left . Will use for yard work , etc. .
 I did n't notice the buckle when I ordered , but the shoe fits so well that the little extra time involved does n't bother me at all . I ordered it in red -LRB- not a bright true red , but toned-down - think medium rust with touch of pink and chocolate -RRB- . It will go with most things in my closet . Propet is a wonderful shoe - I have a similar sandal in tan with two velcro straps and a closed back -LRB- a `` tennis shoe '' sandal -RRB- , and a boot with 2 '' heel . All are very comfortable - at this age , the most important detail in footwear !
 When I saw these shoes at the store , the sales guy told me Runner 's World voted them # 1 . I looked at him suspiciously and thought , `` Reebok makes a good * running * shoe !? '' He saw my face and said , `` I know , even the RW article said ` we ca n't believe we 're saying this , but ... ' '' So , I tried them on and they fit wonderfully!Although I have fairly wide feet , there is n't any tightness and the heel holds well . Decent stability , good cushioning ... . I like that the arch allows your foot to flex -LRB- unlike most stability shoes out there these days - the ones with the rigid arch that lays flat on the road -RRB- . I also have a flat foot and over-pronate ; I wear my orthotics in the shoes and still take my regular size.So far , my longest run in these shoes has been about 45 minutes or 5.5 miles . I 've worn them about 5 times . I 'll update the review if I find anything wrong.Oh - I bought these shoes for $ 59 at Sports Basement in San Francisco . They were such a great price I bought two pair . But mine are blue , not that nice gray color ; - -RRB-
 I bought these boots for work -LRB- building maintenance -RRB- because I have diabetes and arthritis in my feet , and needed comfortable shoes that looked good . These fit the bill - I am very happy with the purchase . They are comfortable , the sole is soft , and they look good with minimal care . They are well padded on the sides and in the tongue . It remains to be seen how durable they are -LRB- I purchased them about six weeks ago -RRB- , but from all indications they will hold up well . I wear a size 12.5 , and these fit true . The multiple insoles are a good idea to help fractional sizing , and the arch support insole really helps my feet by the end of my shift . -LCB- update -RCB- It has now been over a year , and I have worn these boots every work day since I bought them . The fit is still as good as it was , and , with a shine , they continue to look great . They are a bit pricey , but the quality is well worth it in my opinion . Some of my co-workers buy $ 30.00 shoes from a big box store , and they have been through two or three pairs since I got these .
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS SHOE ! IT IS CLASSY AND IN SPITE OF THE HEEL LENGTH IT IS QUITE COMFORTABLE ! IT WAS AT A FABULOUS PRICE TOO !
 This shoe is super cute and sylish , so I ranked it a 4 . However , even with the platform , the heel on this shoe is enormously high . You definitely wo n't get anywhere fast due to the risk of falling . I 've just been wearing them around the house -LRB- I 'm torn between how cute they are and how much effort it takes me to walk in them -RRB- so I ca n't be sure how comfortable they will be after a couple hours . For short periods of time , they are comfortable . If you 're used to very high heels , then you ca n't beat the price or the look of these Donald Pliners .
 Nine West has outdone themselves once again . I own a pair of their stiletto boots & they have been my favorite for 4 years & still look new . As any woman knows comfort in a stiletto is hard to find & Nine West certainly knows how to make a sexy ; yet comfortable stiletto heel . The price is amazing & they look great with a pair of jeans or dress slacks . I 'm considering buying another pair as these will certainly be one of my favorites . Any time a designer can make a 4 inch stiletto comfortable to walk in ; you 'd be crazy to pass it up .
 I love my new running shoes ! They provide all the support I need and for a decent price !
 I walk to work and home every day . These are great . Took a little breaking in , but now they are fine . Thanks for the quick response . Excellent .
 Great slippers - soft and warm ! Beware ... sizing seems to run a little small . I generally wear a 7 1/2 or 8 . I purchased a size 8 , and they are a little tight in the toes .
 I bought these for my girlfriend and she loves them . They appear to be very well made and keep her feet warm which was the goal .
 warm , seem to run a little large . I 'm normally an 8.5 , I ordered an 8 and it is a little roomy .
 I liked this slipper . However , I have thin ankles and it would not stay on my feet . So , I returned it .
 These slippers were a Christmas present for a friend . She had requested them through my son . She loved them and I thought they looked really cozy .
 These slippers run tight . I ordered my regular size too . Hope they stretch out ! Look very well made .
 These are so comfortable and warm . The rubber sole is great for quick trips outside , but the sides will get wet easily in the wet grass .
 Highly recomended , very comfortable slippers . They have become my favorite pair . I 'd definatley buy another pair of these .
 These slippers do run small . I wear a size 9 and my toe touches the end a bit but it is not a problem . I do not go anywhere that I need toe room . These type of slippers stretch out and get floppy so a size larger would be too large . They are warm and I would purchase them again especially for the price . Can not beat it .
 No problems ... as described , but runs small . I ordered them for someone who wears a 6 1/2 , and the size 9 fits nicely .
 I love these slippers . I ordered my exact size and they fit perfectly . they are warm and cozy for in the house , but the sole is tough enough to allow me to go outside for the paper . They are the perfect choice for what I had wanted . I will order them again when these wear out .
 Very low price and it 's nice material . The sleepers are very warm and my mother loves them ...
 After reading the reviews and knowing that I was a size 8 or a little less , this is the size I ordered . They fit like a dream and can you imagine , real sheepskin for $ 15 !
 the products are exactly what we ordered and we received them in the time that amazon said they would arrive in the condition we expected . there were no negative suprises , the positive ones were everything went off exactly as we expected and wanted . we will definitely deal with you fine folks again . this was my first experience with on line buying and it went very well . thank you
 Absolutely love these slippers . They are warm , cozy , but do run a bit small . I would suggest ordering a size larger than normal . But other than this they are well worth the money .
 LOVE < LOVE < LOVE these slippers ! They fit pertectly *** ordered the size I usually wear *** do not go larger as they run large anyway ! Great slippers !
 I love these slippers ! The are attractive , warm and comfortable . Some of the previous reviews stated they ran small and that worried me but upon receiving them I discovered they were true to size . When you first receive them they fit very tight but after a couple of wearings they loosen up and are a very good fit . Glad I did n't order up !
 These slippers are perfect for my needs , they have a rubber sole which I believe will give me lasting wear . We have a carpeted floor on a concrete slab base in a northern climate , these slippers are very warm and like the other reviews stated , they do run small , so order accordingly . I always wear then with sox , as I do not think they are machine washable . Great price on the brand , Tamarac for around $ 21.00 color was not an issue for me , as I just wear them in my home .
 I bought these slippers without reading the others reviews . I was in shock when I read that they would be small because I had already placed my order and it could n't be canceled . When they arrived I tried them and yes ... they were small BUT not that small . If I had socks on they felt tight so I started to use them without socks and they felt ok.I have been using them for a month now and let me tell you that they fit perfectly with and without socks.The are very nice , they have a good rubber sole to let you go outside and they are incredibly warm.Buy them . . you wo n't regret ! Should you get a bigger size ? If it is possible yes , but if not buy your size . With the use the will expand .
 I have several other pairs of slippers for winter , and these are my absolute favorite . they 're so warm and comfortable . My only two complaints though are that I 'd like to see a more supportive footbed . Also , they do run a full size too small , so be sure to order one size up . I did so at the recommendation of the other reviewers , and they were right . The sole of the slipper is also non-slip .
 I WAS AFFRAID TO ORDER THEM BECAUSE THE LAST PAIR I BOUGHT A FEW MONTHS AGO WERE AWFUL AND ALREADY WORN OUT . I PAID $ 54.00 FOR THEM THROUGH AMAZON . WHEN I SAW A PICTURE OF THESE SLIPPERS FOR UNDER $ 15 , I HESITATED TO BUY THEM . BOY , AM I GLAD I DID BUY THEM , I LOVE THEM.JOANNE H. STEWART
 They are warm and cozy , keep my feet warm , and the price is right.I love them .
 I got these slippers for my grandmother . She loves them and now I wish i got a pair for myself . Hmmm
 I wear a size 9.5 . I took the info left by others and ordered a size 11 . They fit great ! Warm but not hot and the this rubber sole means I can let the dogs out without having to take them off .
 These slippers are well made and very warm , especially with the cuffs turned up . Peraps one might object to the dark stains that are evident when the cuffs are up .
 I got these for my wife and she loves them ! keeps her feet nice and warm and they do n't fall off . When I ordered I went with one size larger as suggested in the other reviews and was glad I did , they fit perfect . Thanks to everyone for the heads up !
 These are nicely made warm slippers , but if you want to order them , be aware that they are smaller than other shoes of the same size number . My wife wears size 9 shoes . I originally bought these in size 10 , thinking they should fit loosely , but even those were too tight . I had to return them , and get size 11 .
 These slippers are just what I needed - something to keep my cold feet warm and cozy . My only criticism is that the toe is pointy , so I had to get used to my toes being a little squished.And definately buy 1 size up . I 'm a size 8 and the 9 fits well .
 ... and at a pretty good price , too . OK , maybe not as luxurious as some others , but the price is excellent and the slippers will keep your toes warm . They also have a nice waterproof sole for those mornings when you have to actually step outside into the cold and wet to retrieve the newspaper .
 The slippers were exactly as described , they are warm and very well made . With quality materials and workmanship , they look like they will last a long time . Shipping was very fast , and communication was excellent .
 The slippers arrived in a timely fashion.They are comfortable and good looking.Iam very pleased with them .
 I bought these for my wife at Christmas and she loves them . What else needs to be said .
 I made a hit when she opened this gift she will not take them off
 I wear these slippers 24/7 when I 'm home . I 've been known to wear out an average pair in about 4 months . This brand is the hardiest and most comfortable of all the slippers I 've ever purchased . My last ones lasted about a year before I had to throw them out . I highly recommend these for cold winter nights .
 These are great slippers - especially for the price . I did order up a size and was glad I did .
 These are the 2nd pair of shearling slippers I have bought and they are wonderful . Extremely warm and comfy .
 My feet are always freezing cold so I absolutely love these slippers . They keep my feet at just the right temp . I do think they would be too warm for folks whose feet are not icy like mine.Regarding sizing , I ordered 1 size up from my usual -LRB- I got an 11 -RRB- . I do usually keep my socks on with the slippers and the size I got fits perfectly with socks on . They are snug , but I think that helps them succeed at keeping my feet warm . They are fairly narrow but , since I have narrow feet , that 's fine for me .
 the printed paper chart I used for my foot size was perfect.With wear the sheepskin will flatten so the slipper will get a tad bigger.I 'm happy . However , I wish there was a bit more cushioning in the sole , I have super sensitive heels.Update
 I have only had a pair of these booties for less than a month , but they are exactly what I was looking for in a pair of sheepskin slippers ; they appear to be of a good quality . Before these slippers my feet were cold fairly often , but with the slippers they have been much warmer ! Also
 these are my first pair of sheepskin booties , and they definitely wo n't be my last . i work from home , and my heating bill was way too high the past couple of months . my feet get cold easily , and these booties keep me warm and toasty -LRB- despite the fact that i 've lowered the thermostat to 69 to save on heating costs -RRB- . i usually wear a 5.5 , and the size 6 booties are perfect with socks on . i prefer these to slip-on scuffs because they stay on even when you put your feet up on a stool .
 My husband got me these for christmas , and they are great . It 's cold up here and I can wear these outside on the snow for a few minutes and my feet stay warm . The bottoms are tough and I can tell that they will last at least two or three seasons .
 Those are adjectives my son used when I asked him to describe these slippers . I had bought my husband the men 's version for Christmas , but he had not been able to wear them because my son would n't take them off . I could not find any to fit my son , so I bought him a small size in the women 's and he loves them . He puts them on as soon as he comes home , sleeps in them , and only takes them off to put on his shoes for school in the morning . We highly recommend these slippers !
 I purchased these slippers on sale which was great ! I bought them a size smaller because that 's all they had available but they stretched out perfectly . Highly recommended !
 The International Women 's Genuine Shearling Slipper is well made and comfortable to wear . It 's rubber sole makes it a secure slipper on wet floors .
 These keep your feet warm and toastie . Will want more when these wear out !
 These slippers are wonderful . They are nicely constructed , true to size and very comfortable . The sole creates a very sturdy base and gives some support . These are a wonderful winter treat for keeping warm .
 I had been shopping for Shearling Bootie Slippers for several months , and when I found them at such a reasonable price over Amazon.com , I ordered them . They are perfect - well made and very comfortable .
 I 'm a size 9 1/2 . I bought a size 10 . They did n't fit . Perfect in width , but definitely not long enough . My mom 's got a slightly smaller foot than I do , so I gave them to her . She absolutely loves them.You 'll love em too ... if you order one size larger than you usually would !
 This product is exactly what it says it is . The shearling is not as soft as others , but they are very warm . I think I would prefer a more rounded toe , as this one is more pointed . There is no arch support but you do n't find that with many slippers anyway . I like the bootie versus a scuff because it stays on my feet when I go up and down stairs . It also keeps more of my feet warm . This is n't a luxury slipper , but it does it 's job . You ca n't ask more than that for the price .
 This was a gift for someone who lives far North and in a mountainous , snowy area . She is very happy with these cozy slippers that keep her toes toasty in the coldest weather .
 Bought these for my wife as a night-time camp slipper for Colonial reenacting -LRB- when the public is n't around -RRB- . She had a pair from 10 years ago that our 9 year old son wore slam out -LRB- ... you know kids -RRB- . Now that his foot is finally bigger than her 's I wanted to replace them . As the title says , they are well constructed and tough ... conforming and comfortable ... and most of all warm . Added bonus is that -LRB- at least on Amazon ... -RRB- they do n't cost much either .
 I got these for my mom for Christmas . They have a non-slip sole . The fur collar will unfold to make a cozy ankle warmer . My mom , who is 87 and always feels cold , loves them . Highly recommended .
 Excellent quality . Comfortable and long lasting . This is my second pair and I was glad to find them on Amazon .
 I bought these slippers as a present for my mother and she loves them ! She says they are very warm and quite comfortable .
 These slippers are by far , the most comfortable i 've ever warn . I thought they were a little pricey , but when I got them , I could see why . I knew I wanted quality . And these are quality . Very warm , very soft and wearable . I wore them all winter long , and even in the spring they are not too warm . If you want a quality slipper , please buy these ... you wo n't be sorry !
 I ordered these slippers in size 7 , half size larger than my usual size . I wear them when I stay home in winter . They are very comfortable . The soles are not soft and not slippery . I used to buy several other brand warm slippers , this is the best .
 Because I have a small foot I really have trouble finding anything that truely fits ... . These do ... , . . They are warm , comfortable and a pleasure to wear ... I LOVE THEMM ...
 Contrary to what some say about ordering a size up , I disagree . This is my 3rd or 4th pair of these and I ` forgot ' and ordered up . Already , these are fitting loose . They stretch out fairly quickly , or the fleece compacts down rather , so I usually order my shoe size . Once they are stretched , you almost have to wear socks with them , as they get loose fitting.Otherwise , long lasting , pampering , the only house slipper I will wear !
 I like these slippers very much and wear them constantly when at home . I 'm actually wearing them right now . My home is chilly and drafty and I often have trouble keeping my feet warm in other slippers , but since I 've worn these my feet have n't even been chilly . I have only had them a couple of months but they are holding up nicely and I 'm expecting the will last a good deal longer .
 I absolutely live in sheepskin slippers during the winter -LRB- working from home -RRB- and finally needed a new pair . Saw these and am thrilled with them . I am very surprised at the incredible quality and sturdiness of these slippers . Very plush sheepskin lining and thick , durable sole not only for walking outside if necessary but also for added longevity . The stitching detailing is also more flattering than my Bear Paw or Uggs IMHO . Sizing is true for me - I am standard 6 and these fit perfectly but if you are a half size , definitely order up . I ordered the Sand color -LRB- based on price -RRB- and thought they may be too light . But they are the same standard tan/taupe color as my other slippers so I 'm guessing the All Spice and Root Beer colors are particularly dark . These slippers are every bit as comfortable and high-quality as the more expensive ones I have owned and highly recommend them for yourself or as a gift .
 I ordered these slippers for my mom after another pair turned out to be too small . I ordered a size up from her usual and they fit perfectly . She loves these things , a definite buy .
 These are great slippers to wear on cold winter days . Unlike my old slippers , these have actual durable soles on the bottom which is great for running out to get the newspaper and such . The slippers are very cozy and keep my toes toasty warm . I did buy one size bigger than normal after reading the previous reviews . Honestly , the slippers seam a little big , but since they are slippers , it 's not a problem either way . I 'd much rather than have them slightly big than too small !
 I work from home so I use my slippers alot . And this is the only one not to come apart on me after a few months use . Love it !
 Just what I needed for winter to keep my feet warm and socomfortable and such a good price .
 These have got to be the most comfortable , warmest slippers ever . I had purchased a pair about 8 years ago and they finally wore out and needed replacement . These are the same quality as the old ones . I expect these to last just as long .
 Shearling is the best slipper material I have ever tried , so I 've owned a number of shearling slippers . The sole of these is not as cushy as others I 've had , and they do n't feel quite as snug -LRB- which makes slippers snuggly -RRB- . Having a non-shearling outer sole , as these do , is key for any sort of durability . Not a bad buy at the price , but there 's a little compromise .
 These slippers are warm and cozy without feet perspiring . When my feet are warm I am warm all over .
 My wife asked for slippers to replace some old , warn ones I 'd given her years before At that point the mall was beyond crowded , so I went online . After browsing for what seemed a LONG time -LRB- I 'm a guy , I hate to shop -RRB- , I found several , and finally narrowed it down to this . She loves them ! And for a `` color challenged '' guy , I even picked the right color . They are great !
 These shearling bootie slippers are grrrrreat ! Arrived on time and in great condition . I am happy & would purchase again from this company .
 I purchased these slippers for myself , and I am completely satisfied ! They are warm , soft , comfortable , and very durable .
 These are the best slippers ! Years ago I bought this brand at an outlet store and loveeeed them so much . While not remembering the name I bought some very expensive pairs of slippers only to be disappointed with the big heavy soles . These are comfy warm and I used to keep my old pair in the car when I got off work for the long drive home even in the snowy midwestern winters ! I think they are true to size and they do stretch out to fit your foot quickly . Buy these bargains before they are sold out ! I am going to buy a back up pair myself . : -RRB-
 I gave these slippers to my mother for thanksgiving . Shes 91 and she loved them . They are easy for her to walk in and not slip and really warm . They fit perfectly in her regular size . She has them beside her bed and they are the first thing she puts on when she wakes and the last thing she takes off at night . She adores them . She doesnt want her shoes anymore .
 These were a gift for my wife . She gets cold feet and likes to have booties to wear outside while getting the newspaper etc. .
 I wear slippers from the time I wake up until the time I go to bed . I 've been known to wear them in public too ! These slippers are the BEST ! They are warm and comfortable . I 've had them for almost 6 months now and they do n't show any signs of wearing out . I do recommend wearing socks with them , as they do make the feet sweat if you are moving around a lot -LRB- doing housework -RRB- . Great quality slipper , as a slipper person , I highly recommend , they are worth every penny !
 I just love these slippers . They are so pretty and warm ! The price is very good for shearling lined slippers .
 i started to put these slippers on 2 weeks ago , they were bit tight at the beginning , but now are a lot better . very warm and comfortable .
 Bought 1/2-size larger than I normally wear , thanks to good advice from reviewers.These are excellent value for sheepskin slippers - the lining is natural wool & not synthetic.The warmest , nicest slippers I 've ever owned .
 these are the only slippers I have found that keep my feet warm , but never make them sweaty . I can even wearr them in the middle of summer !! I bougt my first pair about 8 years ago and they are the only slippers for me !
 I just got my second pair of these slippers . They are super warm and durable . I am very hard on my slippers . I wore my first pair into the ground but it took much longer than any previous slipper I 've owned . They fit a little snug in the beginning but they stretch out very comfortably .
 These slippers were a great price for a great slipper . I can walk outside with them or use them in the house . I bought a size 9 and they just fit . I usually wear a size 8.5 shoe . I thought the price was good compared to others that I looked at .
 Excellent slippers . I normally wear a size 8 and order size 9 ... good thing , in my opinion these slippers do run small . What a bargain . The All Spice color is much like Chestnut . It 's a bit darker than pictured . Which is exactly what I wanted . Very happy with my purchase .
 I live in either these slippers or sandal type Birkenstocks . These slippers have been a great consolation to me over the years . Pathetic , eh ? :-RRB- Anyway , they hug the foot and , as another reviewer already stated , come in handy for when one has to venture outside ever so briefly .
 I bought these when they were deal of the day for around $ 15 . Ca n't complain about a deal like that . In response to the reviewers who said to order a size up I 'd say maybe order up a half size if you like your slippers fairly loose . When I first got mine I thought they would be too small but after wearing them a couple of days they stretch out and I think they run pretty tru to size . I would n't pay $ 50 for them but if I see them for deal of the day again I 'll be buying them for all my family .
 I am very pleased with these slippers , they ar warm and comfortable . I ordered a size larger than I usually wear , and they fit perfect . I was very impressed by how fast they arrived , and how easy it was to track them on there trip to my house . I am very satisfied with the whole package . Fit great , warmth great , shipping and delivery great .
 These slippers are very comfy , have a durable sole for walking outside but the size seems to run a little narrow . Order a size bigger than your shoe size if you like a little room .
 Comfort in this shoe is great ! There is no pinching in the toes , the reason that I will not were a lot of shoes . Comfort is good , in most higher heals , I can not tolerate standing for long periods of time . The dark brown color goes with many outfits .
 but y is the price dropping so fast ? I bought a pair for $ 60 just last week ...
 These shoes are gorgeous , but make sure you order a half size up ! i am a 7-1/2 but they were extremely tight & by the end of the day my feet were in alot of pain ! i returned them for an 8 & they fit perfect .
 This is a good looking shoe , however , I returned it because , for me , the toe was too long and to pointed . If you are looking for a pointed-toe , this is the shoe .
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 These shoes run a bit smaller and are a tad narrow . I do like them .
 Shimano shoes for those begginers like me are an excelent choice , its incredible fit system allows to conduct all the effort in to pedal , it makes the difference when going serious on performace . I truly recoomend it . Actually what I complain about is that Amazon is the front end for selling , the back end may not be as fast responding as amazon itself , but the whole shoe experience makes the wait worthwhile . VM
 The woodlore has only a length customized fit but does have a nice wide heel . Not a bad shoe tree for $ 20 but there are better out there , such as Allen Edmonds .
 Excellent shoe trees made almost completely out of incredibly aromatic heartwood . I 've had a few sets of Woodlore trees before and have always been blown away by how aromatic they are compared to other companies . The reason it does n't get five stars is that although they are expanding , there is a possible better choice out there . If you have a shoe size that fits the Woodlore/AE full toe shoe trees , those really do fill out the shoe much better.Still , these are excellent trees , and will definitely increase the life of your shoes !
 This item is designed and constructed very well . The adjustable split toe works great ; there 's no pre-adjusting , it 's all spring loaded . When you push it in it puts tension on the springs and causes the toe and heal to push out . It 's a kind of high-end design with the brass plate and full heel and it smells great too . I would highly recommend for those really expensive shoes you want to keep looking nice . You have to make sure you get the right size to avoid the too big/too floppy issues described by the other users . I picked the recommended size from the chart , -LRB- I wear 10.5 EEE -RRB- and mine fit perfect .
 Great for inserting in golf shoes . It was a great gift for my husband . Worth buying for any special occasion .
 Right size , good wood and very solid construction . I bought one pair for my husband and was so impressed I got him a second one.In addition , this items arrived in such solid cardboard boxes that I use them for keeping small things in my office.Order -LRB- free shipping -RRB- arrived in indicated time frame .
 This is a high-quality product made from real cedar . My only concern is the shape is a bit different than some shoe lasts , meaning it wo n't work with every shoe .
 This is definitely a good buy . I have never had a shoe tree before . Smells good and keeps my shoe in shape .
 These shoes are really high but comfy considering . Ya just got ta know how to walk in stilletos . And so beautiful ! It 's true to color and size . I got this shoe in 6.5 M silver and it 's a perfect silver . Like I said , it 's surprisingly comfy . The width is just right for a medium foot . It 's not too tight/narrow as it looks like it might be from the pic , and not too loose . No , you ca n't really run in them or wear them over 8 hrs . But for a nite out , dinner , and mild walking , they 're perfect . I want to get a backup pair but they do n't have any more my size .
 I finally had to say goodbye to the best flip-flops ever . I 've worn them nearly every day of every summer since buying them about six years ago , and they 've held up amazingly . But they finally snapped the other day , one of the straps pulling away from the top.They are super-soft and mold to your feet . They 're like an extension of your feet!I just really think they 're great flip-flops . Well , I ordered another pair . : - -RRB-
 Quite simply the best flip flop I 've ever worn . It provides support in all the right places . I 'm a happy beach-goer these days !
 I kid you not , from the moment that I put these shoes on , I felt well supported . They form to your foot without getting too cushy . And still , they support your arches and keep your foot in a position that helps your posture and overall positioning greatly.A power walk in these will give you about 50 % more workout , due to the Kalso Negative Heel . It 's pretty amazing . You 'll get a whole lot more bang for your buck.I have had these for about a month now . I 've gotten very attached to them . The other day I was doing some junky and messy yard work , so I put on my Old Balance -LRB- though still quality shoes -RRB- and within 30 minutes my knees and back were feeling the lack of support.I 'm sold ! I also bought a pair of sandals from Earth , equally wonderful.I do believe that I 'm starting a monogamous relationship with a shoe company .
 I bought these shoes to help with a problem I 'm having with pain near the ball of my foot . The problem is not existent while wearing these shoes ! The way these shoes feel does take a little getting used to ... they will actually change the way you walk . There is a lot of arch support . I tried changing shoes as often as possible and nothing really seemed to help ... I decided to buy these -LRB- I had tried them on at a local retailer first -RRB- because of how different they felt ... if you 've never tried an Earth shoe before I 'd recommend trying them on somewhere before buying . I normally take a size 8.5 and I had to return for a size 8 ... apparently they run a little big . The shoe does seem to be made very well and I will most likely buy another pair .
 The shoes were dlivered on time and are wonderful.If you like the way neg . heel shoes just roll along you will love these shoes.I walk 6 miles a day.As you walk your legs start to work with the shoes , it takes time , and the fluid motion gets easy.You just flow along.You 'll see . I think 8-10 miles will be easy.I hope these shoes last many miles.Dan
 I kid you not , from the moment that I put these shoes on , I felt well supported . They form to your foot without getting too cushy . And still , they support your arches and keep your foot in a position that helps your posture and overall positioning greatly.A power walk in these will give you about 50 % more workout , due to the Kalso Negative Heel . It 's pretty amazing . You 'll get a whole lot more bang for your buck.I have had these for about a month now . I 've gotten very attached to them . The other day I was doing some junky and messy yard work , so I put on my Old Balance -LRB- though still quality shoes -RRB- and within 30 minutes my knees and back were feeling the lack of support.I 'm sold ! I also bought a pair of sandals from Earth , equally wonderful.I do believe that I 'm starting a monogamous relationship with a shoe company .
 I bought these shoes to help with a problem I 'm having with pain near the ball of my foot . The problem is not existent while wearing these shoes ! The way these shoes feel does take a little getting used to ... they will actually change the way you walk . There is a lot of arch support . I tried changing shoes as often as possible and nothing really seemed to help ... I decided to buy these -LRB- I had tried them on at a local retailer first -RRB- because of how different they felt ... if you 've never tried an Earth shoe before I 'd recommend trying them on somewhere before buying . I normally take a size 8.5 and I had to return for a size 8 ... apparently they run a little big . The shoe does seem to be made very well and I will most likely buy another pair .
 The shoes were dlivered on time and are wonderful.If you like the way neg . heel shoes just roll along you will love these shoes.I walk 6 miles a day.As you walk your legs start to work with the shoes , it takes time , and the fluid motion gets easy.You just flow along.You 'll see . I think 8-10 miles will be easy.I hope these shoes last many miles.Dan
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 These shoes are very comfortable and I enjoy wearing them not only for walking but all the time
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 Beautiful shoes , bought my typical size , too small ! I like them nonetheless . I hope they break in a little .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 So , I live in MN and work in retail . These boots are made to be abused . The steel toe is there in case someone decides to do something stupid . They 're waterproof , so long as water - or snow - does n't come up and over the top -LRB- and even if it does they 're warm enough it wo n't really matter -RRB- . Though not as rugged as their taller counterpart , they certainly pack the same amount of punch . The leather will wear out long before the sole does . They are also insanely comfortable . I can work an 8 hour shift on concrete warehouse floors and still be good for another 3-4 hours on these . If you need comfort , durability , protection , and something that covers your ankle , this boot is for you . ** UPDATE ** I bought these around Fall , 2010 . It 's now the middle of summer , 2012 . Both pairs are still working great , but the sole is now worn . That 's almost 2 years of almost daily continuous use . The only thing I 'd change is the durability of the flap that secures the zipper .
 THESE ARE FANTASTIC ! White and silver , great ADIDAS quality ! Bought these for my 6YR old niece , she was a little put-off by the `` HOT WHEELS '' logo on the velcro flap and the silver HOT WHEELS BUCKLE at the base of the shoe laces - which I had n't noticed and was the ONLY REASON for 4 stars instead of 5 ... BUT ! These are great shoes and I highly recommend them . -LRB- just notice the HOT WHEELS details and do n't get them for the `` GIRLY-GIRLS '' in your life . -RRB-
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 I am on my fifth pair of these sandals , yes 5th . pair !! they are the BEST !!!! Bought my first pair in Old Branson , Missouri and in love with them ever since , hope they never discontinue these planning on purchasing another pair , like to have an extra pair on hand !!!
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 I have been looking for these sneakers for years at an in-expensive price and finally found them !
 Great shoe - comfortable and stylish . The exact shoe I wanted as a kid but my folks thought was a waste of money .
 i bought this pair of shoes for my dad and he just loves it . . he loves to go for running and he is absolutely amazing with its comfort and ease . . five stars to this . .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon . I do not paying for something that does not look like the image . As well as the condition of the shoes . One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe . Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page .
 These shoes make me feel so feminine , they look great with everything . Love the color , the turquoise leather detail , they are high but if you are use to it they make your legs look a mile long . Great addition to my collection !
 just got mine today ... im stocking up on betsey johnsons for the spring/summer . these are perfect . at the price you cant go wrong ... these are sure to turn heads with a nice summer dress . horray !
 These feel to run a bit large but they 're comfortable and look nice with a pair of brown capris when you 're running errands . No part of the shoe rubs against your foot so it 's very comfortable . A nice weekend running around shoe .
 I love this shoes , the edge of the shoe rubbed against my toe the 1st time I wore them but after that they felt fine .
 The customer befor me said that these shoes ran a little big , but i normally wear an 8 1/2 so i got just an 8 and they were too small . So now i have to return them for a 8 1/2 . they are really nice shoes though . very comfortable .
 wear them on a 15 mile hiking trip one week after I got them . Never give me any problems . Very nice grip and no water ever get in my feet . After one day of hiking , my feet feel as comfortable as the morning I wake up . Very nice trail shoes . Especially for the price .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 Good shoe for the price . The pics on amazon are n't very flattering but it is a good looking shoe when you see of on person . Did n't really need to be broken in , I got it put it on and played ball . Pretty comfy also .
 Well worth the money . Now I can throw batting practice to my team without falling down when I tryto throw hard . Quality shoe , great price , fast shipping .
 THESE ARE FANTASTIC ! White and silver , great ADIDAS quality ! Bought these for my 6YR old niece , she was a little put-off by the `` HOT WHEELS '' logo on the velcro flap and the silver HOT WHEELS BUCKLE at the base of the shoe laces - which I had n't noticed and was the ONLY REASON for 4 stars instead of 5 ... BUT ! These are great shoes and I highly recommend them . -LRB- just notice the HOT WHEELS details and do n't get them for the `` GIRLY-GIRLS '' in your life . -RRB-
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 I love these shoes ! I where them whenever I feel like it is going to be a lazy , hot , day . They are super comfortable . I get so much use out of them and they are great quality . They have not fallen apart at all . Strong , sturdy , comfortable flip-flops !
 Nice shoes for a good price . Cant beat that for growing boys ! And they love the easy on/off style .
 wear them on a 15 mile hiking trip one week after I got them . Never give me any problems . Very nice grip and no water ever get in my feet . After one day of hiking , my feet feel as comfortable as the morning I wake up . Very nice trail shoes . Especially for the price .
 For contra dance this is the only choice ! Every other shoe I 've worn may be pretty but there is very little spongy resistance in the sole . These have not only that spongy resiliance , but slide when you want and do n't slide when you need to be stable . I 've worn it all weekend long at dance conventions and my legs are still ready for more !
 wear them on a 15 mile hiking trip one week after I got them . Never give me any problems . Very nice grip and no water ever get in my feet . After one day of hiking , my feet feel as comfortable as the morning I wake up . Very nice trail shoes . Especially for the price .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 I had purchased these shoes long time back -LRB- purchased in 2005 -RRB- . They are still going good now . The sole is slightly worn out on the side , but rest of the shoe is good . Fits perfectly , does not slip and very comfortable .
 Nice Shoes and Good price . . Feels very light . . Fits comfortable . . I gave it 4 stars , as the small black -LRB- leather like -RRB- piece in the front , brings down the overall appearance . . !!
 I stand a lot at work , sometimes fourteen hours a day . It has taken me a long time to find a shoe that can be comfortable , and this shoe fills the bill.I used to use shoe inserts for comfort , but since I found the NB 695 coaches shoe , I have n't used them .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 I have been a proud owner of the bottle opener Reefs for about a year . Love 'em . Great for tailgates and parties . Now comes the Dram . I love it . Got them today , filled them up , and took them out . No leakage at all . The do n't make any sloshing noises . No , they do n't hold a keg worth of liquid . Did you really think they would ? Killer idea and much more fun than just regular old sandals . No complaints here .
 I really wish I could buy these sandals again . They are extremely comfortable and I love to carry a couple shots of rum to the beach with my when I go . I just grab me a soda and open my sandal and pour in a shot , its also a nice way to get your day goin when I crash at a friends house , if I wake up really thirsty I got myself a shot or 2 to put in my early saturday morning drink .
 the title says it all . I love these sandals . They 're a little more hefty than your run of the mill flip flop -LRB- especially when toting some unidentified liquids -RRB- and i believe that that is part of why my first pair lasted so long . I strongly recommend this product for anyone looking for a well made , built to last sandal , especially if you want one with a little more flair than most.For someone thinking about this sandal a few tips ; Wash the inside out thoroughly before and after using the flask , especially before the first useempty your sandals if you are n't going to use the liquid in a reasonable period of time , it is plastic afterall and may develop a slight plastic taste if left for too long.After several months of steady wear you will notice these sandals -LRB- like most upscale sandals -RRB- conform to your feet and are even more comfortable.I do n't recommend this sandal to people who fly frequently as they dont take kindly to your shoes having hidden compartments at the airport these days . -LRB- you 'll get through just fine , just expect a small hassle -RRB- I will say I would n't particularly recommend this sandal to very heavyset people either ... after years of use from me -LRB- a 6 ' 3 170Lb male -RRB- my father -LRB- significantly larger -RRB- finally dealt the killing blow to them when i let him borrow them when he could n't find his own shoes . -LRB- the sandals still work fine but the plastic casing of the flask was cracked beyond usability -RRB- I was surprised at this because they are very well made , and had served me well for years . But I suppose it was just their time . I have every intention of buying another pair , and another after that .
 These flipflops are both well-made and comfortable . The strap material is soft and did n't cause any irritation or discomfort from day 1 . The arch support is made for someone with moderate arches so it should be comfortable for most people . They are designed to give reasonable traction when wet or dry so they 're great for a day at the lake . The dram only holds about an ounce of fluid but hey , it 's more for fun than anything else . If you 're planning to use these to sneak your alcohol into a sporting event then I 'd come up with another strategy . But they do make a good conversation starter . The only reason I give them four stars instead of 5 is that the dram is made of hard plastic and so reduces the cushioning in the heel area somewhat . But other than that I 'd recommend them .
 These are very comfortable and well made sandals from Reef . I would not plan on using the case for fluid as it holds very little .
 My son claims that these are the best sandals made . Second pair purchased in 3 years . Initial pair survived 3 years of constant high milage use .
 These Drams are awesome ! Love the hidden flask , they are not only functional but quite a conversation piece . Definitely ordering more and after comparison shopping , a great price !
 An idea whose time has come !!! Product fits perfect-I sometimes wear a 13-ordered a 12 Perfect size -- Hope thuis helps !!! Rick
 Estan muy bien estas sandalias , buen dise & ntilde ; o y el plus de poder llenar una parte de ellas con liquido esta muy ingenioso ... Muy buen precio tambien ...
 These Reef Dram Sandals are excellent . They are everything you have come to expect from Reef brand . They are surprisingly comfortable and can hold about 1 cup of liquid each . The only trouble I 've had is that the logo on the heel is fading , but that seems to happen with all my sandals
 Wow , at first when I saw these flip flops I was a little disappointed in their lack of style . just did n't think they suited my hip urban lifestyle . This was of course all about to change and soon I learned of their true power.These babies secretly contain a hidden flask disguised as part of the heel . Between the two flip flops you can conceal a little personal party ; I myself just enjoyed this feature on a flight , saved me money on those overpriced in-flight mini-bottles . Hands down , anything that helps me conceal fluids is worthy of 5 stars in my book
 Seriously , I can not believe how many people are registering real complaints about the flask in these sandals . If you are really planning an outing where you will be making cocktails , take a real flask . If you want to have fun and get a few laughs by pouring a few -LRB- yes , small -RRB- shots out of your sandals at the beach , buy these.Very comfortable and nice looking sandals with a fun novelty .
 I really like the sandals . Very comfortable , etc , etc.They say the sandals are supposed to hold 3oz each.My size 10 sandals barely hold 1oz each.That is my only complaint .
 Ok the sandles are comfy and cool looking but one of the caps on my flasks kept coming loose and on the second day i lost it while walking . They also should come with a funnel , its kinda hard pouring things into a 1 cm opening . so basically the flasks were almost useless , but the sandles are still good and thats the most important part , i should have gotten the bottle opener ones : - /
 These are the best house slippers ever . I wear them all the time . As a matter of fact I have them on right now . I really like the fit and the style .
 Purchased these shoes for my daugther . She just loves them . They do run a little small so you may want to purchase 1/2 size up . Otherwise they appear to be well made and extremely comfortable .
 Love these . I have worn them over and over . They are my fav sandals . Thanks a lot for the great product
 I just got these shoes yesterday and went hiking today . I tripped while on the trail and when my ankle started to twist the excellent support built into the shoe kept my ankle straight so I did no damage to my ankle during the ensuing tumble . The shoes are very comfortable , have great arch support and the Gel in the heal and front of the shoes make them a lot nicer for hiking over uneven terrain than the shoes I was wearing before . If it was n't for my clumsiness I would probably still be out hiking around right now .
 You ca n't go wrong with Tommy Bahama products . They may be a little more expensive , but their quality is undeniable . I bought these for my girlfriend and she wears them everywhere .
 I saw this item in a specialty Tommy Bahama store and I saved nearly 40 % purchasing from Amazon . Quick , easy shipment process and would certainly purchase from Amazon again .
 I buy a new pair every two years because I wear them out . They are so stylish and comfortable , I try to get away with wearing them at work too . Love these shoes .
 I bought my first pair of these 6 years ago and wore them every winter . They finally got a hole in , so I bought another pair and am glad I did . They are comfortable and sporty , yet also a nice black tennis shoe that you can wear with jeans for casual . I Do not wear them to work out or anything , but they are great to wear to the mall or park or anything else . I love them . They do run a little narrow , so if you have wide feet , these would be a no , no .
 Great shoes . My wife has bought this model probably 4 times in the last 10 years . They last long and are comfortable .
 I love these shoes . they are so comfortable ... I have narrow feet and a high arch and they hug my feet perfectly but still are comfortable and not at all squished . I always want to own a pair of these shoes till I die . For realsies .
 These sneakers are very comfortable and they look nice . I get lots of compliments when I wear them -LRB- which is almost all the time -RRB- . I used to have foot problems but these sneakers are the answer .
 I love these shoes , They are so comfy , LOVE THEM !! They look sporty and are made very well . Ill be buying more Puma 's !
 Purchased these shoes for my Daughter for Christmas . Online , I thought they looked sharp ; when I received them , I knew they did ... . My Daughter loved them . Said they fit right and she was wearing them with her work khakis and Black and White top . -LRB- She is a Physical Therapist and knows good shoes ... -RRB- I am pleased with the service and the product . Will definitely buy from this vendor again .
 I have wore this style of sneaker for years.When my last pair wore out I could not find them in Tulsa . I thought Puma had stopped making them so as a last resort I tried Amazon and there they were.Thank you Amazon for making my search a sucess . Oh and by the way my next pair will be a mesh pair . These sneakers look stylish with jeans as well as slacks.Where ever one goes someone will comment on how they like your shoes . The mesh are great for workouts and the leather for dress .
 i love these puma 's so much i brought them twice once the sole wasted out is when i got the second pair there so comfortable and easy to put on and when i had them i realized half of the waitress were wearing them because there comfortable . They were also great when i was pregnant and had a hard time putting on my shoes haha
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 beautiful design , very nice choice of colours -LRB- white / green / gold -RRB- , very confortable , 10 points
 Shoes beautifully made . Design is contemporary . Great detail . Rich colors . Sizing generous . Shipped and received promptly . Would buy again when needed .
 Since color was not an issue , the sale on these orange and white basketball shoes was great . My son really likes them . Ca n't beat this with free shipping .
 I have been a proud owner of the bottle opener Reefs for about a year . Love 'em . Great for tailgates and parties . Now comes the Dram . I love it . Got them today , filled them up , and took them out . No leakage at all . The do n't make any sloshing noises . No , they do n't hold a keg worth of liquid . Did you really think they would ? Killer idea and much more fun than just regular old sandals . No complaints here .
 I really wish I could buy these sandals again . They are extremely comfortable and I love to carry a couple shots of rum to the beach with my when I go . I just grab me a soda and open my sandal and pour in a shot , its also a nice way to get your day goin when I crash at a friends house , if I wake up really thirsty I got myself a shot or 2 to put in my early saturday morning drink .
 the title says it all . I love these sandals . They 're a little more hefty than your run of the mill flip flop -LRB- especially when toting some unidentified liquids -RRB- and i believe that that is part of why my first pair lasted so long . I strongly recommend this product for anyone looking for a well made , built to last sandal , especially if you want one with a little more flair than most.For someone thinking about this sandal a few tips ; Wash the inside out thoroughly before and after using the flask , especially before the first useempty your sandals if you are n't going to use the liquid in a reasonable period of time , it is plastic afterall and may develop a slight plastic taste if left for too long.After several months of steady wear you will notice these sandals -LRB- like most upscale sandals -RRB- conform to your feet and are even more comfortable.I do n't recommend this sandal to people who fly frequently as they dont take kindly to your shoes having hidden compartments at the airport these days . -LRB- you 'll get through just fine , just expect a small hassle -RRB- I will say I would n't particularly recommend this sandal to very heavyset people either ... after years of use from me -LRB- a 6 ' 3 170Lb male -RRB- my father -LRB- significantly larger -RRB- finally dealt the killing blow to them when i let him borrow them when he could n't find his own shoes . -LRB- the sandals still work fine but the plastic casing of the flask was cracked beyond usability -RRB- I was surprised at this because they are very well made , and had served me well for years . But I suppose it was just their time . I have every intention of buying another pair , and another after that .
 These flipflops are both well-made and comfortable . The strap material is soft and did n't cause any irritation or discomfort from day 1 . The arch support is made for someone with moderate arches so it should be comfortable for most people . They are designed to give reasonable traction when wet or dry so they 're great for a day at the lake . The dram only holds about an ounce of fluid but hey , it 's more for fun than anything else . If you 're planning to use these to sneak your alcohol into a sporting event then I 'd come up with another strategy . But they do make a good conversation starter . The only reason I give them four stars instead of 5 is that the dram is made of hard plastic and so reduces the cushioning in the heel area somewhat . But other than that I 'd recommend them .
 These are very comfortable and well made sandals from Reef . I would not plan on using the case for fluid as it holds very little .
 My son claims that these are the best sandals made . Second pair purchased in 3 years . Initial pair survived 3 years of constant high milage use .
 These Drams are awesome ! Love the hidden flask , they are not only functional but quite a conversation piece . Definitely ordering more and after comparison shopping , a great price !
 An idea whose time has come !!! Product fits perfect-I sometimes wear a 13-ordered a 12 Perfect size -- Hope thuis helps !!! Rick
 Estan muy bien estas sandalias , buen dise & ntilde ; o y el plus de poder llenar una parte de ellas con liquido esta muy ingenioso ... Muy buen precio tambien ...
 These Reef Dram Sandals are excellent . They are everything you have come to expect from Reef brand . They are surprisingly comfortable and can hold about 1 cup of liquid each . The only trouble I 've had is that the logo on the heel is fading , but that seems to happen with all my sandals
 Wow , at first when I saw these flip flops I was a little disappointed in their lack of style . just did n't think they suited my hip urban lifestyle . This was of course all about to change and soon I learned of their true power.These babies secretly contain a hidden flask disguised as part of the heel . Between the two flip flops you can conceal a little personal party ; I myself just enjoyed this feature on a flight , saved me money on those overpriced in-flight mini-bottles . Hands down , anything that helps me conceal fluids is worthy of 5 stars in my book
 Seriously , I can not believe how many people are registering real complaints about the flask in these sandals . If you are really planning an outing where you will be making cocktails , take a real flask . If you want to have fun and get a few laughs by pouring a few -LRB- yes , small -RRB- shots out of your sandals at the beach , buy these.Very comfortable and nice looking sandals with a fun novelty .
 I really like the sandals . Very comfortable , etc , etc.They say the sandals are supposed to hold 3oz each.My size 10 sandals barely hold 1oz each.That is my only complaint .
 Ok the sandles are comfy and cool looking but one of the caps on my flasks kept coming loose and on the second day i lost it while walking . They also should come with a funnel , its kinda hard pouring things into a 1 cm opening . so basically the flasks were almost useless , but the sandles are still good and thats the most important part , i should have gotten the bottle opener ones : - /
 Although most people do n't need them , the ties are great for me , because I have high arches and wide feet .
 The price of these shoes are absolutely wonderful . I bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loved them ! He was looking at stores around here for some moccasins but they were all running $ 40 or more . These are leather so you know they will last a long time.The only problem I had with them is the ties on top . They tie the leather strips together in a bow and my one year old son unties them all the time . That was the first thing he did after my husband opened them for Christmas . Then I could n't really get it back in the same type of bow they had it . Maybe in the future they could secure them better .
 Great boots ! Very eye catching and the perfect match for my Fantasy Fest outfit !
 I wear an 8.5 M shoe , and it fit perfectly . A very fun shoe to wear once in awhile - but would definitely only buy it on sale .
 A great shoe -- unique look , the cherries are small and tasteful , they truly compliment the shoe . The straw-like look of the shoe is a great one for summer . These are a comfy fit , not too narrow -LRB- like some Feldman flats -RRB- . You 'd be a fool to pass on these pretty little gems ! They are stunning and truly one of a kind !
 This shoe is even cuter then I thought it would be . The cherries are very well done and the whole effect is great . The fit is dead on .
 The shoes are very comfortable - I love them ! I wear them most work days and have no problems with wearing them daily . They look great with slacks or dresses/skirts . The only drawback is the picture shows the strap tucking into the cuff ; however , my strap does not reach that far back , -LRB- due to a high arch or fat foot -RRB- , so I got a strap that flaps around .
 Great boots ! Very eye catching and the perfect match for my Fantasy Fest outfit !
 I had purchased these shoes long time back -LRB- purchased in 2005 -RRB- . They are still going good now . The sole is slightly worn out on the side , but rest of the shoe is good . Fits perfectly , does not slip and very comfortable .
 Nice Shoes and Good price . . Feels very light . . Fits comfortable . . I gave it 4 stars , as the small black -LRB- leather like -RRB- piece in the front , brings down the overall appearance . . !!
 If you play basketball this is a great shoe . It stays clean , looks good , and gives you good support .
 I have two pairs of these , and I 've had them both for more than a year . If you like bulky Dansko shoes , these are the most darling , comfortable Danskos on the market . I get complimented on them about 2 times a week , and they 're exceptionally pleasant to wear ... and they stay gorgeous for a long time if you do n't abuse them too much . I prefer my clogs for heavy-use days , like walking in the rain and mud , or doing heavy lifting , simply because I do n't mind them getting scuffed up ... but for daily office wear , these are my all time favorites . Two pairs is almost enough . I would have five if I could justify the expense .
 Great boots ! Very eye catching and the perfect match for my Fantasy Fest outfit !
 I received the shoes promptly and I really like them.Thank you very much !
 Although most people do n't need them , the ties are great for me , because I have high arches and wide feet .
 The price of these shoes are absolutely wonderful . I bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loved them ! He was looking at stores around here for some moccasins but they were all running $ 40 or more . These are leather so you know they will last a long time.The only problem I had with them is the ties on top . They tie the leather strips together in a bow and my one year old son unties them all the time . That was the first thing he did after my husband opened them for Christmas . Then I could n't really get it back in the same type of bow they had it . Maybe in the future they could secure them better .
 Although most people do n't need them , the ties are great for me , because I have high arches and wide feet .
 The price of these shoes are absolutely wonderful . I bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loved them ! He was looking at stores around here for some moccasins but they were all running $ 40 or more . These are leather so you know they will last a long time.The only problem I had with them is the ties on top . They tie the leather strips together in a bow and my one year old son unties them all the time . That was the first thing he did after my husband opened them for Christmas . Then I could n't really get it back in the same type of bow they had it . Maybe in the future they could secure them better .
 Great boots ! Very eye catching and the perfect match for my Fantasy Fest outfit !
 I like the adidas +10.7 's because they are very light and durable and they are also very comfortable on the feet . You get very good traction , I have n't slipped for the time that i have had them they are great in wet and dry conditions . I would deffinatly recomend these for soccer .
 My son ordered these cleats -LRB- with my permission -RRB- after shopping around . He knew what he wanted , but he waited to find a reasonable price . The cleats arrived quickly in tip top condition . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 they are really nice , they fit great but they are really thin so when you get stepped on you really feel it
 Very nice soccer shoes . Comfortable , good quality.The cleats are not changable . I suggest use it on grass or soft ground instead of hard ground .
 Excellent seller , everything developed with normality and the product is the original one and very but very well
 Although most people do n't need them , the ties are great for me , because I have high arches and wide feet .
 The price of these shoes are absolutely wonderful . I bought them for my husband for Christmas and he loved them ! He was looking at stores around here for some moccasins but they were all running $ 40 or more . These are leather so you know they will last a long time.The only problem I had with them is the ties on top . They tie the leather strips together in a bow and my one year old son unties them all the time . That was the first thing he did after my husband opened them for Christmas . Then I could n't really get it back in the same type of bow they had it . Maybe in the future they could secure them better .
 El producto llego rapido , la calidad del producto llego en perfectas condicionse . Estoy muy contenta del servicio y definitivamente volveria a usar el servicio ... Gracias !!!
 These are well made , very sturdy if you have problems with thin heels . They could use a bit of padding in the shoe , the inside is quite hard , would definitely recommend some gel inserts or such type thing .
 The Shoes were quite comfortable and stylish . They went well with the costume that i had to go with them .
 I bought mine in colored black I love the design and style very comfortable shoes . I recommend if you are going to buy this shoes buy the exactly size of your feet . I always ware size 7.5 shoes but my feet are size 7 . I bought this shoes on size 7 and It 's perfectly fit .
 was a little worried about the sizing but the one i ordered fit just fine.this is a wonderful and sexy shoe , and very easy to walk in . the chunky heel is very forgiving and easy to balance in . with the platform being as thick as it is , it makes the shoe like walking in a 2 to 2 1/2 inch heel . great for beginners just learning to walk in heels , and perfect for extended wear . very easy on the feet . have worn this shoe for 9-10 hours at a time with very little effort . great buy for the money . would and will be ordering more of these in different colors .
 this product was perfect and very comfortable to walk in . i was nervous at first with online purchases but i have not regretted the purchase and would recomment amazon to all my friens and loved ones
 These shoes are better than I expected . They are adorable and decent enough quality , considering the price . They are a little tight in the toe and I have narrow feet , or so I thought . I went up a size since I fall on a half size normally . I would HIGHLY recommend that others do the same to make the toe more comfortable . Otherwise , they are easy enough to walk in , very cute , and fairly comfortable .
 I / always / wear a size ten in women 's shoes . Order online all the time and tens for perfectly . Not in this shoe , had to return for an 11 , but they are cute for dress up and very comfy with the tall platform .
 Arrived when expected , these shoes are just what I wanted ! They fit well and look great with my outfit . Seeing as it is slightly difficult to find nice shoes in my size -LRB- 12 -RRB- it was nice to find these . Will likely be ordering more of this brand for that reason .
 These shoes were exactly what I was looking for ! Well made . They were a little tight , but because of the material they stretched nicely .
 I bought these shoes for my 17 year old daughter . They were `` perfect '' for her Cosplay outfit as the Anime character `` Panty '' who she dressed as for the Anime Boston Convention . Her only complaint was they did n't `` breathe '' enough for foot comfort as she wore them & walked all around the convention center for hours . But she still loves them !
 I bought these as a Christmas gift for a friend of mine . We both wear the same size shoes so when they came in i immediately tried them on and they were very tight . I ordered a 7 and had to return them for an 8 and i 'm still witing for them to be returned . As far as the product i do not know for sure because i sent them right back but they seemed to be of good quality . So i rate it at 4 stars for the sizing issue .
 I love these shoes ! They added to my new years eve outfit . I 'm soo glad that I used amazon.com to find them . Took me a long time of looking to finally find these shoes and at a great price .
 i purchased the pink glitter heels . i was SO happy when i got them , they look really good and are VERY glittery !!! i got them for a halloween costume . i would recommend them for anyone that has pink in their costume . they are suprisingly comfortable and easy to walk in . WAY HOT !!!!!!!!!!!
 I am always a little sceptic about buying shoes online , but these fit great , are original , and look good ! I strongly recommend them .
 Got theses for My wife for a modeling job she had ... . She has tons of shoes that kill her feet and after shooting in for a few hours her feet were still feeling good ... . She is normally a 5.5 and She got a size 6 and they fit her just slightly loose . Shipping was fast and as expected
 The shoes arrived very quickly and the correct size . They are very comfortable despite being taller of a heel than I expected .
 I ordered a size 9-10 and the shoes I got were labeled size 10 . They were a little big , but I made them work . Super cute and fun shoe , my friends loved them .
 I really like those shoes , perfect for my Gothic Lolita 's outfit . Of course , they hurt after a few hours , but I already knew they would.Also , I usually need size 9 , and that 's the size I commanded those shoes , and they perfectly fit my feet , so do n't listen to people saying to buy one size higher . : -RRB-
 This shoe is a fun and flirty way to go out to the club or just for halloween , either way they are awesome .
 The shoes I got were the pink glitter ones . They were true to fit , perfect for my Halloween costume and very comfortable . I gave only 4 stars because they were a little stiff and the glitter caused some snags in my knee high stockings . Overall , highly recommended .
 MuCh more comfortable than they look . Everything old becomes new again . Platforms are in once more .
 very fast delivery , nice construction , duriable sole , nice sizing , very happy with my oder
 I love to go out and dress up with these shoes on ! They are pretty comfortable and fun !
 Perfect for many costumes and not all that uncomfortable . Very happy with the product and price !
 I 've been wearing these for ages . They 're super sexy , but the sizes are a little weird . I 'm an 8 1/2 , I have to get the 9 -LRB- they do n't carry half sizes -RRB- , and they 're a bit big . Great BANG for the buck though ; -RRB-
 I loved the shoes . Unfortunately they do n't have half sizes so mine did n't fit and I had to send them back , so if you ca n't decide just go with a bigger size .
 This is a great pair of shoes and also fun to wear with a lot of compliments .
 These shoes are to die for . I ordered them at 7pm and they were on my door step at 3pm the next day ! Great fast shipping and amazing quality for what I paid .
 I hate you guys , seriously ! No , not the product ! The shoes are absolutely wonderful . No , no , I hate the people who reviewed these shoes.Why ? The majority of the reviews say to order smaller than you normally would if you are a half size . And , well , I did just that and the shoes do not fit ! I repeat
 I LOVE disco , and these shoes really do complement any outfit . I was afraid that they would be difficult to walk in but they really are n't ! I also read the reviews that if you are a half size to just order the next size up -LRB- since there are no half sizes for this shoe -RRB- but I ordered a 6 , I am a 6 1/2 and it fits snugly -LRB- which is how the shoe is supposed to be -RRB- . Great product , I will probably be buying another one of these in pink soon !
 As a crossdresser , it is extremely hard for me to find nice heels in a womens 13.5 that do n't look like old lady shoes ! These are fantastic , comfortable , and very sleek looking !
 I ordered 2 pair of these one for my wife and the other pair for ME ! My wife was a sexy beer girl and I was a French Maid !! as a man who has never worn high heels these were very comfortable ! In fact my wife kept teasing me that if they fit so well I should do some housework in them while in my French Maid outfit ! So since I 'm not the kind to turn down a challenge I did !! Lol . We both had a big laugh!These are a great product !!
 I was worried that the shoes would be an ill fit . When they arrived I found my worries were for nothing because the shoes were true to size , not too snug or loose . The material is good , and the heel is strong ! You do n't have to worry about it snapping off if you have to do a lot of moving around -LRB- which happened to a pair of costume shoes I bought from a different seller ! -RRB- they hold up fine . Highly recommended to break in the shoes before the event you plan to wear them for though otherwise you 'll be sore all day . :-RRB- Also as other people have mentioned if you are a half size I would suggest ordering a size UP instead of DOWN .
 I originally got a matte-finish pair about four years ago from another website the name of which I ca n't even remember . I wore them constantly and after three years they were showing it . I searched Amazon and lo and behold these came up -- identical except for the finish -LRB- I did prefer matte but could n't find it here -RRB- . These are extremely easy to walk in because the platform means your foot is really not under stress , and the heel , while high , is sturdy . Every time I wear them , with is pretty much every day except on weekends , I get told how awesome they are . I even wear them to work . They are just the right mary jane look with the height to make them sexy . The only thing I do n't like is that the shiny finish means you have to be careful not to scuff them -- but I learned that the hard way with the old pair , so I am with these . I 've had them almost a year and only managed to get a small scuff on them , and like I said I wear them virtually daily . Oh yes -- I ordered my size , 7 , and they fit fine .
 My son received these as a Christmas gift and he loves them ! He said he likes the fit and he has already worn them a couple of times . Great buy !
 The boots are pretty nice . They are extremely comfortable , and there 's at least 3 different variations of how you can wear them .
 These sandals are great for different terrains . Not a heavy toll on my feet either . Has a formal look to it if the occasion calls for it . Also secures a majority of the feet with no straining buckles which make me feel uncomfortable . I might get another pair if I see the price go down ! I wanted the `` Buffalo '' color but looks like amazon has run out of those .
 El producto llego rapido , la calidad del producto llego en perfectas condicionse . Estoy muy contenta del servicio y definitivamente volveria a usar el servicio ... Gracias !!!
 These are well made , very sturdy if you have problems with thin heels . They could use a bit of padding in the shoe , the inside is quite hard , would definitely recommend some gel inserts or such type thing .
 The Shoes were quite comfortable and stylish . They went well with the costume that i had to go with them .
 I bought mine in colored black I love the design and style very comfortable shoes . I recommend if you are going to buy this shoes buy the exactly size of your feet . I always ware size 7.5 shoes but my feet are size 7 . I bought this shoes on size 7 and It 's perfectly fit .
 was a little worried about the sizing but the one i ordered fit just fine.this is a wonderful and sexy shoe , and very easy to walk in . the chunky heel is very forgiving and easy to balance in . with the platform being as thick as it is , it makes the shoe like walking in a 2 to 2 1/2 inch heel . great for beginners just learning to walk in heels , and perfect for extended wear . very easy on the feet . have worn this shoe for 9-10 hours at a time with very little effort . great buy for the money . would and will be ordering more of these in different colors .
 this product was perfect and very comfortable to walk in . i was nervous at first with online purchases but i have not regretted the purchase and would recomment amazon to all my friens and loved ones
 These shoes are better than I expected . They are adorable and decent enough quality , considering the price . They are a little tight in the toe and I have narrow feet , or so I thought . I went up a size since I fall on a half size normally . I would HIGHLY recommend that others do the same to make the toe more comfortable . Otherwise , they are easy enough to walk in , very cute , and fairly comfortable .
 I / always / wear a size ten in women 's shoes . Order online all the time and tens for perfectly . Not in this shoe , had to return for an 11 , but they are cute for dress up and very comfy with the tall platform .
 Arrived when expected , these shoes are just what I wanted ! They fit well and look great with my outfit . Seeing as it is slightly difficult to find nice shoes in my size -LRB- 12 -RRB- it was nice to find these . Will likely be ordering more of this brand for that reason .
 These shoes were exactly what I was looking for ! Well made . They were a little tight , but because of the material they stretched nicely .
 I bought these shoes for my 17 year old daughter . They were `` perfect '' for her Cosplay outfit as the Anime character `` Panty '' who she dressed as for the Anime Boston Convention . Her only complaint was they did n't `` breathe '' enough for foot comfort as she wore them & walked all around the convention center for hours . But she still loves them !
 I bought these as a Christmas gift for a friend of mine . We both wear the same size shoes so when they came in i immediately tried them on and they were very tight . I ordered a 7 and had to return them for an 8 and i 'm still witing for them to be returned . As far as the product i do not know for sure because i sent them right back but they seemed to be of good quality . So i rate it at 4 stars for the sizing issue .
 I love these shoes ! They added to my new years eve outfit . I 'm soo glad that I used amazon.com to find them . Took me a long time of looking to finally find these shoes and at a great price .
